

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-14-002057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140630
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		IRS NUMBER:				271994359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55131
		FILM NUMBER:		14950099
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 MADISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 701
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80206
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-329-3008
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 MADISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 701
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80206
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moving Box Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100315









     







UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission
File Number: 000-55131

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer 
    

    
    
    

90
    Madison Street
 Suite 701
 Denver
 Colorado
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities

 $0.000001 par value

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Non-accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Smaller reporting company
[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of September 30
 2013 was $8
469
155.

As
of June 24
 2014
 there were 65
247
660 outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant.






    
    


BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

FORM
10-K

TABLE OF
CONTENTS




    
    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    
    




    
    


CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we&rdquo;. &ldquo;us&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Barfresh&rdquo;) expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any
statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 assumptions or future events or performance are not
historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often
 but not always
 made through the use of words
or phrases such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predict&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will likely result&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will continue&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projection&rdquo;
 &ldquo;would&rdquo;
&ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic
conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available
to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that forward-looking statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our
control
 involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance
or achievements.

Certain
risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes
may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business
or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. See &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth in Item 1A.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Business
Overview

We
are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes. Our
products are portion controlled ready to blend beverage ingredient packs or &ldquo;beverage packs&rdquo;. They contain all of
the ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including the base (either sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 fruit pieces
juices and ice. Ingredients used are natural
 no syrups or powders.

We
own the domestic and international patents and patents pending
 as well as related trademarks for our products. In November 2011
we acquired the patent rights in the United States and Canada. The Canadian patent has been granted and the United States patent
is &ldquo;patent pending&rdquo;. On October 15
 2013
 we acquired all of the related international patent rights
 which were filed
pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty
 have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions
that have signed the treaty. In addition
 on October 15
 2013
 we purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

We
have been developing flavor profiles of our smoothies that we believe will be appealing to tastes in the United States. We have
been in discussions with a number of companies including both large and small quick service restaurant (&ldquo;QSR&rdquo;) chains
and national food services companies that serve alternative venues such as stadiums
 arenas and universities with national footprints
in the United States and have reached preliminary agreements with three potential customers to begin testing in the near future.
We are in ongoing negotiations with a number of other companies. In addition to the large retail fast food and fast casual chains
we will sell to food distributors that supply products to the food services market place. Finally
 we intend to monetize the international
patents outside of our current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding contract manufacturing to other countries and selling
either through selling agents or our own sales personnel or by entering into some form of license or royalty agreements with third
parties.

Our
plan is to utilize contract manufacturers to manufacture our products in the United States. Ice cream manufacturers are best suited
for our products. Our first production line has been installed and commissioned in Salt Lake City and is currently producing products
being sold to our customers as well as new product development for new large customers.


    
    


Although
we do not have a contract with any suppliers for the raw materials needed to manufacture smoothie packs we believe that there
are a significant number of sources available and we do not anticipate becoming dependent on any one supplier. As demand for our
range of products grows
 we will look to contract a level of our raw material requirements to ensure continuity of supply.

We
currently have two employees and one consultant selling our product. The process of obtaining orders from potential customers
will likely follow the following process:



    
    
Meet
    with and introduce products to customer;

    
    
    

    
    
Develop
    flavor profiles for the specific customer;

    
    
    

    
    
Participate
    in test marketing of the product with the flavors developed for the customer; and

    
    
    

    
    
Agree
    to a roll out schedule for the customer.


Although
we have agreements with potential customers
 representing approximately 10
000 outlets
 to develop flavors and test our products
and have begun to develop flavor profiles for others
 we have no assurance that we will supply any chain with our products. During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we began shipping our products to one of the customers we have contracts with and to a number of
smaller customers.

Most
recently
 as part of our expansion due to the acquisition of the international patents
 we engaged a leading regional Australian
food ingredient supply and product developer as our wholesaler and distributor. Our first order to Australia shipped in January
2014.

Our
Corporate History and Background

We
were incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the State of Delaware. The Company was originally formed to acquire scripts for movie
opportunities
 to produce the related movies and to sell
 lease
 license
 distribute and syndicate the movies and develop other
related media products related to the movies. As the result of the reverse merger
 more fully described below
 we are now engaged
in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

Reorganization
and Recapitalization

During
January
 2012
 we entered into a series of transactions pursuant to which we acquired Barfresh Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;Barfresh
CO&rdquo;)
 spun-out our prior operations to our former principal shareholder
 completed a private offering of our securities
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $999
998
 conducted a four for one forward stock split and changed the name of
the Company. The following describes the foregoing transactions:



    
    
Acquisition
    of Barfresh CO
333
328
    shares of our $0.000001 par value common stock pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement between us
 our former principal shareholder
    Barfresh CO and the former shareholders of Barfresh CO. As a result of this transaction
 Barfresh CO became our wholly owned
    subsidiary and the former shareholders of Barfresh CO became our controlling shareholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Spinout
    of prior business
 we spun-out our previous business operations to
    a former officer
 director and principal shareholder
 in exchange for all of the shares of our common stock held by that person.
    Such shares were cancelled immediately following the acquisition.

    
    
    

    
    
Financing
    transaction
 we sold an aggregate of 1
333
332 shares of our common
    stock and five-year warrants to purchase 1
333
332 shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of $1.50 in a private
    offering for gross proceeds of $999
998
 less expenses of $26
895.

    
    
    

    
    
Change
    of name
 we changed the name of the Company from Moving Box Inc. to Barfresh Food Group Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Forward
    stock split
 we conducted a four for one forward stock split of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


Our
Products

Our
products are portion controlled beverage ingredient packs
 suitable for smoothies
 shakes and frappes that can also be utilized
for cocktails and mocktails. They contain all of the ingredients necessary to make either a smoothie
 shake or frappe
 including
the ice. All of the ingredients used are real
 no syrups or powders. Simply add water
 empty the packet into a blender
 blend
and serve.


    
    


The following
shows our product with the package opened:




We have
completed the development of our product range and we now have the following flavors available for sale as part of our standard
line:








    
    










In addition
to our standard product range we are also currently working on customized flavor profiles for some of our key accounts.

Some of
the key benefits of our products for the operators that use it include:



    
    
Portion
    controlled

    
    
    

    
    
Zero
    waste

    
    
    

    
    
Product
    consistency &ndash; every time you make a smoothie

    
    
    

    
    
Unitized
    inventory

    
    
    

    
    
Long
    shelf life (24 months)

    
    
    

    
    
Little
    to no capital investment necessary

    
    
    

    
    
Very
    quick to make (less than 60 seconds)

    
    
    

    
    
Ability
    to itemize the ingredients of the smoothie on their menus

    
    
    

    
    
Products
    require less retail space


Some of
the key benefits of our products for the end consumers that drink our products include:



    
    
All
    natural

    
    
    

    
    
No
    artificial colors

    
    
    

    
    
No
    artificial flavors

    
    
    

    
    
From
    as little as 150 calories (per serving)

    
    
    

    
    
At
    least &frac14; cup of real fruit per serving

    
    
    

    
    
Dairy
    free options

    
    
    

    
    
Kosher
    approved

    
    
    

    
    
Gluten
    Free


Customer
Marketing Material

We
have developed a range of consumer marketing materials that assist our customers in selling their blended beverages. Examples
of our &ldquo;SMOO&rdquo; branded marketing materials are detailed below.


    
    




Research
and Development

We
incurred $47
035 and $103
293 in research and development expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2014
 and March 31
 2013
respectively.



There
is significant competition in the smoothie market at both the consumer purchasing level and also the product level.

The
competition at the consumer level is primarily between specialized juice bars (e.g. Jamba Juice) and major fast casual and fast
food restaurant chains (such as McDonalds). Barfresh does not compete specifically at this level but intends to supply its product
to customers that fall within these segments to enable them to compete for consumer demand.

There may
also be new entrants to the smoothie market that may alter the current competitor landscape.

The existing
competition from a product perspective can be separated into three categories:



    
    
Specialized
    juice bar products: The product is made in-store and each ingredient is added separately.

    
    
    

    
    
Syrup
    based products: The fruit puree is supplied in bulk and not portion controlled for each smoothie. These types of products
    still require the addition of juice
 milk or water and/or yogurt and ice. While there are a number of competitors for this
    style of product
 the two dominant competitors are Island Oasis and Minute Maid
 which are both owned by Coca Cola.

    
    
    

    
    
Portion
    pack products: These products contain only the fruit and yogurt and require the addition of juice or milk and ice. The two
    dominant competitors are General Mills&rsquo; Yoplait Smoothies and Inventure Group&rsquo;s Jamba Smoothies.


We
believe our ability to offer customers equipment packages with no upfront cost is a significant competitive advantage and will
assist us in gaining traction in the market and securing long-term agreements with our customers. We also believe that our product&rsquo;s
attributes will make it more attractive to those of our competitors. However
 there are other factors that may influence the adoption
of a particular product by customers
 including their dependence on prior relationships with our competitors.

Intellectual
Property

We own the
domestic and intellectual property rights to our products&rsquo; sealed pack of ingredients.

In
November 2011 we acquired patent applications filed in the United States (Patent Application number 11/660415) and Canada (Patent
Application number 2577163) from certain related parties. The United States patent was originally filed on December 4
 2007 and
its current status is patent pending. The Canadian patent was originally filed on August 16
 2005 and it has been granted.

On
October 15
 2013
 we acquired all of the related international patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent Cooperation
Treaty
 have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed the PCT.
In addition
 we purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products.


    
    


Governmental
Approval and Regulation

We
are not aware of the need for any governmental approvals of our products.

Since
we will initially be utilizing a contract manufacturer
 regulations of the United States Food and Drug Administration as they
apply to the manufacturing will be the responsibility of the contract manufacturers. Before entering into any manufacturing contract
we will determine that the manufacturer has met all government requirements.

We
will be subject to certain labeling requirements as to the contents and nutritional information of our products.

Environmental
Laws

We
do not believe that we will be subject to any environmental laws
 either state or federal. Any laws concerning manufacturing will
be the responsibility of the contract manufacturer.



We
have 7 full time employees. From time to time
 we may hire additional workers on a contract basis as the need arises.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

An
investment in the Company&rsquo;s securities involves significant risks
 including the risks described below. The risks included
below are not the only ones that the Company faces. Additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial
or unlikely to occur could also impair our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional
risks and uncertainties actually occur
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively
affected.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have a history of operating losses and there can be no assurance that we can achieve or maintain profitability.

We
have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability. These operating losses have been generated while
we market to potential customers. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability
 given
the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate
 we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability
and our failure to do so would adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 including our ability to raise additional funds.

A
worsening of economic conditions or a decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our ability to implement our business
strategy.

Our
success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions
and the availability of discretionary income. While there are signs that conditions may be improving
 there is no certainty that
this trend will continue or that credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not deteriorate again.
Accordingly
 we may experience continuing declines in revenue during economic turmoil or during periods of uncertainty. Any material
decline in the amount of discretionary spending
 leading cost-conscious consumers to be more selective in restaurants visited
could have a material adverse effect on our revenue
 results of operations
 business and financial condition.

The
challenges of competing with the many food services businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins.

We
compete with many well-established companies
 food service and otherwise
 on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product
offered
 customer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience. Our success depends
 in part
 upon the popularity
of our products and our ability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all four day parts. Shifts in consumer
preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all day parts
 or
changes in our menu that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. We compete with other smoothie and
juice bar retailers
 specialty coffee retailers
 yogurt and ice cream shops
 bagel shops
 fast-food restaurants
 delicatessens
caf&eacute;s
 take-out food service companies
 supermarkets and convenience stores. Our competitors change with each of the four
day parts
 ranging from coffee bars and bakery caf&eacute;s to casual dining chains. Many of our competitors or potential competitors
have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do
 which may allow them to react to changes in the market quicker
than we can. In addition
 aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets
 as evidenced
by McDonald&rsquo;s Corporation&rsquo;s inclusion of fruit smoothies on their menu
 could reduce our revenue and operating margins.
We also compete with other employers in our markets for hourly workers and may become subject to higher labor costs as a result
of such competition.


    
    


Fluctuations
in various food and supply costs
 particularly fruit and dairy
 could adversely affect our operating results.

Supplies
and prices of the various ingredients that we are going to use to can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal
fluctuations
 demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries.

These
factors subject us to shortages or interruptions in product supplies
 which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In
addition
 the prices of fruit and dairy
 which are the main ingredients in our products
 can be highly volatile. The fruit of
the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis
 depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase
in pricing of any fruit that we are going to use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure our fruit supply.

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel
 and our business may
be severely disrupted if we lose their services.

Our
future success heavily depends on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If one or more of our
senior executives is unable or unwilling to continue to work for us in his present position
 we may have to spend a considerable
amount of time and resources searching
 recruiting
 and integrating a replacement into our operations
 which would substantially
divert management&rsquo;s attention from our business and severely disrupt our business. This may also adversely affect our ability
to execute our business strategy. In addition
 of any of our senior executives joins a competitor or forms a competing company
we may lose customers
 suppliers
 know-how and key employees.

Our
senior management&rsquo;s limited experience managing a publicly traded company may divert management&rsquo;s attention from operations
and harm our business.

With
the exception of our Chief Financial Officer
 our senior management team has relatively limited experience managing a publicly
traded company and complying with federal securities laws
 including compliance with recently adopted disclosure requirements
on a timely basis. Our management will be required to design and implement appropriate programs and policies in responding to
increased legal
 regulatory compliance and reporting requirements
 and any failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines
and penalties and harm our business.

We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified
 experienced
 highly skilled personnel
 which could adversely affect the implementation
of our business plan.

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract
 retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we
become a more mature company in the future
 we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed
in attracting
 hiring and integrating excellent personnel
 or retaining and motivating existing personnel
 we may be unable to
grow effectively. The loss of any key employee
 including members of our senior management team
 and our inability to attract
highly skilled personnel with sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business.

Product
liability exposure may expose us to significant liability.

We
other claims and lawsuits in the event that the
effects. We
may not be able to avoid significant liability exposure. Although we believe our insurance coverage to be adequate
 we may not
sufficient insurance coverage
coverage at a reasonable cost. An
inability to obtain product liability
A product liability claim could hurt
liability exposure
 significant costs could be incurred that could hurt our
financial performance and condition.

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights may force us to incur unanticipated costs.

Our
success will depend
 in part
protection in the United States and internationally
property incorporated into our products. Our intellectual properties may be challenged
 narrowed
circumvented
marketing similar solutions
protection and force us to incur unanticipated costs. In addition
 existing
limited protection of our intellectual
property rights.

Our
products may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties
 and third parties may infringe our proprietary rights
either of which may result in lawsuits
 distraction of management and the impairment of our business.

As
the number of patents
 copyrights
property rights in our industry increases
 products
assert infringement
without merit could be time consuming
 result in costly litigation
agreements. Royalty or licensing
agreements
 if required
on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. We may initiate claims or litigation
of our proprietary
rights. Litigation to determine the validity of any claims
whether or not the litigation is resolved in our favor
 could
personnel from productive
litigation
 we may be required to pay substantial damages
 discontinue
and sale of infringing products
non-infringing technology or
failure to develop or license a substitute technology could prevent us from
selling our products.


    
    


If
securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research
 or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
 about our
business
 our share price and trading volume could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock may be impacted
 in part
 by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about our business or us. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us
 continue to cover us or provide favorable
coverage. If one or more analysts downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock
 our share price may decline. In addition
if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in
the financial markets
 which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.

As
a public company
 we will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various
requirements on public companies
 including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate
governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives. Moreover
 these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly.

We
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to continue to operate as a public company
 nor can we
predict the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations
 in many cases due
to their lack of specificity
 and
 as a result
 their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or Section 404
 we are required to furnish a report by our management on our
internal control over financial reporting. As such
 our management has conducted this evaluation and
 as of March 31
 2014
 identified
the following material weaknesses in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting:



    
    
We
    do not have an audit committee: While we are not currently obligated to have an audit committee
 including a member who is
    an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K
 under applicable regulations
    or listing standards; however
 it is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee is an important internal control over financial
    reporting
 the lack of which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of internal controls
    and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    do not have a majority of independent directors on our board of directors
 which may result in ineffective oversight in the
    establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
Inadequate
    Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures.


Management
believes that these material weaknesses have not had an effect our financial results and has concluded that disclosure controls
and procedures remain effective. Nonetheless
 effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary to provide reliable
financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our operating
results could be harmed. We will need to continue to dedicate internal resources
 potentially engage outside consultants and adopt
a detailed work plan to modify and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting
 continue steps to improve
control processes as appropriate
 validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous
reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Continued identification of one or more material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to
a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.

We
are operating without independent directors.

We
do not have independent directors. Riccardo Delle Coste and Steven Lang own greater than 60% of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
comprise the majority of the board of directors and also serve as officers of the Company. The Company is operated without the
oversight of independent directors and material agreements and transactions
 including those with related parties
 are not approved
with the oversight of independent directors.


    
    


Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

As
a Delaware corporation
 we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits United States
companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. Some foreign companies
 including some that may compete with our Company
 may not be subject to these prohibitions.
Corruption
 extortion
 bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in the Angola or any
other countries in which we conduct our business. However
 our employees or other agents may engage in conduct for which we might
be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer severe penalties
and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

Riccardo
Delle Coste and Steven Lang have voting control over matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders
 and they may take actions
that conflict with the interests of our other shareholders and holders of our debt securities.

Riccardo
Delle Coste and Steven Lang
 together
 control more than 50% of the votes eligible to be cast by shareholders in the election
of directors and generally. As a result
 Messrs. Delle Coste and Lang have the power to control all matters requiring the approval
of our shareholders
 including the election of directors and the approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions.

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which is a significantly more limited trading market than the New York Stock Exchange
 NYSE
MKT or the NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of the Company&rsquo;s shares on the OTCQB may result in a less liquid market available
for existing and potential shareholders to trade shares of our common stock
 could depress the trading price of our common stock
and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.

There
is limited liquidity on the OTCQB
 which may result in stock price volatility and inaccurate quote information.

When
fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTCQB
 volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the
ability to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock
 there may be a lower
likelihood of one&rsquo;s orders for shares of our common stock being executed
 and current prices may differ significantly from
the price one was quoted at the time of one&rsquo;s order entry.

If
we are unable to adequately fund our operations
 we may be forced to voluntarily file for deregistration of our common stock with
the SEC.

Compliance
with the periodic reporting requirements required by the SEC consumes a considerable amount of both internal
 as well external
resources and represents a significant cost for us. If we are unable to continue to devote adequate funding and the resources
needed to maintain such compliance
 while continuing our operations
 we may be forced to deregister with the SEC. If we file for
deregistration
 our common stock will no longer be listed the OTCQB
 and it may suffer a decrease in or absence of liquidity as
after the deregistration process is complete
 our common stock will only be tradable on the &ldquo;Pink Sheets&rdquo;.

Because
we became public by means of a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.

Additional
risks may exist since we became public through a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may
not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. We
cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our Company in the future.

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds
in future securities offerings.

Future
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur
could adversely affect the then prevailing market price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds
in the future through a public offering of our securities.

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 so you may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares
to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares.

Currently
the Company&rsquo;s common stock is quoted in the OTCQB and future trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional
investment funds
 including mutual funds
 as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in OTCQB stocks and
certain major brokerage firms restrict their brokers from recommending OTCQB stocks because they are considered speculative
 volatile
and thinly traded. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and our common stock
is subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting. Thus
 there is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for
the Company&rsquo;s common stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally
result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces
the liquidity of the shares traded there.


    
    


The
trading volume of our common stock has been and may continue to be limited and sporadic. As a result of such trading activity
the quoted price for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market
value. Further
 if we cease to be quoted
 holders would find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and as a result
 the market value of our common stock likely
would decline.

Our
common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations.

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors
 including market perception of our
ability to achieve our planned growth
 quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry
 trading volume in
our common stock
 changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting the Company&rsquo;s
competitors or the Company itself. In addition
 the OTCQB is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in general. This
volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their
operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock.

We
are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock.

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB. Our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15(g)-9
 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act as long as the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share. Under such rule
 broker-dealers
who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special
sales practice requirements
 including a requirement that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock
Reform Act of 1990
 also requires additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock.
Generally
 the Commission defines a penny stock as any equity security not traded on a national exchange that has a market price
of less than $5.00 per share. The required penny stock disclosures include the delivery
 prior to any transaction
 of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Such requirements could severely limit the market
liquidity of the securities and the ability of purchasers to sell their securities in the secondary market.

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends
 shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in
value. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock or common stock. For the foreseeable future
 it is expected
that earnings
 if any
 generated from our operations will be used to finance the growth of our business
 and that no dividends
will be paid to holders of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result
 the success of an investment in our common stock will
depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There can be no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value. 

The
price of our common stock may become volatile
 which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    of developments by us or our competitors; 

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments; 

    
    
    

    
    
adoption
    of new accounting standards affecting the our industry; 

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel; 

    
    
    

    
    
introduction
    of new products by us or our competitors; 

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of the our common stock or other securities in the open market; and 

    
    
    

    
    
other
    events or factors
 many of which are beyond our control.


The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past
 following periods of volatility in the market
price of a company&rsquo;s securities
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation
initiated against us
 whether or not successful
 could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management&rsquo;s attention
and Company resources
 which could harm our business and financial condition.


    
    


Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock.


We
intend to continue to seek financing through the issuance of equity or convertible securities to fund our operations. In the future
we may also issue additional equity securities resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present shareholders.
We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common
stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees
 future acquisitions or for other business purposes. The future issuance
of any such additional shares of common stock will result in dilution to our shareholders and may create downward pressure on
the trading price of our common stock.

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company
 which may be beneficial to
our stockholders
 more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage
 delay or prevent a merger
 acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable
 including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium
for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of
our common stock
 thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition
 because our board of directors is responsible
for appointing the members of our management team
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors.
In addition
 because we are incorporated in Delaware
 we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law
 which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining
with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding
voting stock
 unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive offices are located in 90 Madison Street
 Suite 701
 Denver
 Colorado 80206. The executive office is co-located
with the office of Corporate Finance Group
 a company that is owned by our Chief Financial Officer. In addition
 we lease office
space at 8530 Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 450
 Beverly Hills
 CA 90121 for $6
700 per month.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

Neither
the Company nor its subsidiaries are party to or have property that is the subject of any material pending legal proceedings.
We may be subject to ordinary legal proceedings incidental to our business from time to time that are not required to be disclosed
under this Item 1.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market
Information

Our
common stock is currently traded on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;BRFH&rdquo;. Our common stock had been quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board since July 27
 2011 under the symbol MVBX. Effective February 29
 2012
 our symbol changed to BRFH based on the
forward split and name change. On March 21
 2012
 our common stock was delisted to Pink Sheets. On January 21
 2014
 we registered
our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations
for the applicable period. These quotations as reported by the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 markdown
or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    

    Quotation


    Quarter Ended

    ($)

    ($)

March
    31
 2014
    
    

December
    31
 2013
    
    

September
    30
 2013
    
    

June
    30
 2013
    
    

March
    31
 2013
    
    

December
    31
 2012
    
    

September
    30
 2012
    
    

June
    30
 2012
    
    



    
    




At
June 24
 2014
 there were 65
247
660 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by approximately
47 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include
beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing
agencies.



We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors.
We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends.
Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends
 the form
 frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations
and earnings
 capital requirements and surplus
 general financial condition
 contractual restrictions and other factors that the
board of directors may deem relevant.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities
Act that were not included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10Q or a Current Report on Form 8K.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Company

There
were no purchases of equity securities made by the Company in the fourth quarter covered by this report.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The
following table provides information
 as of March 31
 2014
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under our
equity compensation plan:




    Category

    of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights 

    Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights 

    of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in Column(a))(c)

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
8
200
000

    
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
8
200
000


Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The
information and financial data discussed below is derived from the audited financial statements of Barfresh for its fiscal years
ended March 31
 2014 and 2013. The financial statements of Barfresh were prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States. The information and financial data discussed below is only a summary and should be
read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes of Barfresh contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors.
See &ldquo;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo; above for a discussion of forward-looking statements and
the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report.


    
    


We
are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes. Our
products are portion controlled ready to blend beverage ingredient packs or &ldquo;beverage packs&rdquo;. They contain all of
the ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including the base (either sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 fruit pieces
juices and ice. Ingredients used are natural
 no syrups or powders.

We
own the domestic and international patents and patents pending
 as well as related trademarks for our products. In November 2011
we acquired the patent rights in the United States and Canada. The Canadian patent has been granted and the United States patent
is &ldquo;patent pending&rdquo;. On October 15
 2013
 we acquired all of the related international patent rights
 which were filed
pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty
 have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions
that have signed the treaty. In addition
 on October 15
 2013
 we purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

We
have been developing flavor profiles of our smoothies that we believe will be appealing to tastes in the United States. We have
been in discussions with a number of companies including both large and small quick service restaurant (&ldquo;QSR&rdquo;) chains
and national food services companies that serve alternative venues such as stadiums
 arenas and universities with national footprints
in the United States and have reached preliminary agreements with three potential customers to begin testing in the near future.
We are in ongoing negotiations with a number of other companies. In addition to the large retail fast food and fast casual chains
we will sell to food distributors that supply products to the food services market place. Finally
 we intend to monetize the international
patents outside of our current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding contract manufacturing to other countries and selling
either through selling agents or our own sales personnel or by entering into some form of license or royalty agreements with third
parties. We began selling product to Australia during the final months of our fiscal year ended March 31
 2014.

To
date
 we have funded our operations through the sale of our equity securities
 issuance of convertible debt
 issuance of promissory
notes and advances from related parties.

The
acquisition of the international patents and trademarks on October 15
 2013 was funded through an advance of $672
157 from an
affiliate of a Director and significant shareholder. $200
000 of the advance was satisfied through the participation in the Company&rsquo;s
December 20
 2013 private placement of notes and warrants by affiliate of the Director
 and an affiliate of an Officer and Director
and significant shareholder. The net proceeds to the Company from the private placement that closed on December 20
 2013
 including
the aforementioned $200
000
 was $775
000. The $775
000 in notes bears interest at a rate of 2% per annum and is due and payable
on December 20
 2014
 with certain provisions for extension. Warrants to purchase 1
291
667 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock were issued to these investors and the warrants have an exercise price of $0.45 per share. In addition to the related parties
discussed above
 $500
000 of notes was purchased by a significant shareholder. All of the related parties participated in the
offering upon the same terms offered to other investors. The balance of the remaining loan for the acquisition of the patents
and trademarks
 including interest
 was paid in cash
 in full by the Company.

Our
plan is to utilize contract manufacturers to manufacture our products in the United States. Ice cream manufacturers are best suited
for our products. Our first production line has been installed and commissioned in Salt Lake City and is currently producing products
being sold to our customers as well as new product development for new large customers.

Although
we do not have a contract with any suppliers for the raw materials needed to manufacture smoothie packs we believe that there
are a significant number of sources available and we do not anticipate becoming dependent on any one supplier. As demand for our
range of products grows
 we will look to contract a level of our raw material requirements to ensure continuity of supply.

We
currently have two employees selling our product. The process of obtaining orders from potential customers will likely follow
the following process:



    
    
Meeting
    with and introducing products to customer

    
    
    

    
    
Developing
    flavor profiles for the specific customer

    
    
    

    
    
Participate
    in test marketing of the product with the flavors developed for the customer

    
    
    

    
    
Agree
    to a roll out schedule for the customer.


Although
we have agreements with potential customers representing approximately 10
000 outlets to develop flavors and test our products
and have begun to develop flavor profiles for others
 we have no assurance that we will supply any chain with our products. During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we began shipping our products to one of the customers we have contracts with and to a number of
smaller customers.


    
    


In
addition to the large retail fast food and fast casual chains
 we will sell to food distributors that supply products to the food
services market place.

There
can be no assurance that we will not become dependent on one or a few major customers.

We
intend to monetize the international patents outside of our current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding contract manufacturing
to other countries and selling either through selling agents or our own sales personnel or by entering into some form of license
or royalty agreements with third parties. Most recently
 as part of our expansion due to the acquisition of the international
patents
 we engaged a leading regional Australian food ingredient supply and product developer as our wholesaler and distributor.
Our first order was shipped to Australia in January 2014.

Critical
accounting Policies

Our
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

We
were in the development stage from December 4
 2009 through March 31
 2013. Our fiscal year ending March 31
 2014 is the first
year during which we are considered an operating company and is no longer in the development stage.

Use of
Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.

Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets are comprised of patents
 net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which

Other
 the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as
incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and
similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

Property
Plant and Equipment

Property
plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated
on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter
of the useful life of the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably
assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:

Furniture
and fixtures: 5 years
Equipment:
7 years
Leasehold
improvements: 2 years

Revenue
Recognition

We
recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the
sales price is determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured.

Research
and Development

Expenditures
for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $47
035
and $103
293
 in research and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Rent
Expense

We
recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840


 our lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the
date of initial occupancy. We include the rent holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense
is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy date. Deferred rent was $1
866 and $5
066 at March 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively
and will be charged to rent expense over the life of the lease.


    
    


Results
of Operations

Results
of Operation for Year Ended March 31
 2014 as Compared to the Year Ended March 31
 2013

(References
to 2014 and 2013 are to the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2012 respectively
 unless otherwise specified.)

Revenue
and cost of revenue

Revenue
for 2014 was $110
085 as compared to $8
928 in 2013. We began shipping to new customers in 2014 whereas in 2013 only a limited
number of customers were testing our products.

Cost
of revenue for 2014 was $48
534 as compared to $8
884 in 2013. Our gross profit was $61
551 (55.9%) and $44 for 2014 and 2013
respectively. The significant change in our cost and gross profit relates primarily to selling prices. Our selling prices to overseas
customers yields higher gross profit. We anticipate that our gross profit percentage in 2014 is more indicative of our expected
results going forward than the percentage in 2013.

Operating
expenses

Our
operations during 2014 and 2013 were directed towards increasing sales and finalizing flavor profiles.

Our
general and administrative expenses increased $463
105 as we grew the business and is not necessarily indicative of the rate of
future increases.

The
following is a breakdown of our general and administrative expenses for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    
    

    
877
646
434
747
442
899

    
291
631
103
488
188
143

    
259
346
569
514
(310
168

    
176
334
173
353
2
981

    
166
621
156
921
9
700

    
122
224
70
202
52
022

    
109
104
82
817
26
287

    
77
007
38
119
38
888

    
47
035
103
293
(56
258

    
140
322
71
713
68
611

    
2
267
270
1
804
167
463
105


Personnel
cost represents the cost of employees including salaries
 employee benefits and employment taxes. Personnel cost increased $442
899
(102%) from 434
747 to 877
646. During 2014 we had more personnel than in 2013. In addition the average salary was high due to
hiring more experienced personnel. One consultant in 2013 became an employee in 2014. We anticipate personnel cost to increase
in the future.

Stock
based compensation
 which includes stock issued and warrants granted to employee
 and non-employees increased $188
143 (189%)
from $103
488 in 2013 to 291
631. The increase is due to grants made to an Officer and Director. Stock based compensation is used
as an incentive to attract new employees and to compensate existing employees.

Consulting
fees decreased by $310
168 (54.5%) from $569
514 in 2013 to $259
346 in 2014. During 2014 and 2013
 we had from four to six consultants
providing services to us. As of March 31
 2014 we have only two consultants providing services. Future consulting fees will be
variable depending on our needs.

Legal
and professional fees as well as travel cost did not vary significantly.

Investor
and public relation expenses increased $52
022 (74.1%) from $70
202 in 2013 to $122
224 in 2014. We are currently using an outside
firm to assist us with our investor and public relations needs. We incurred the cost associated with attending two investor conferences
in 2014. We anticipate continuing the use of outside sources and attending conferences in the future.

Marketing
and selling expenses increased $26
287 (31.7%)
 from $82
817 in 2013 to $109
104 in 2014. The increase relates primarily to sample
expenses. We gave away more products in 2014 than in 2013.

Rent
expense is primarily for our location in Beverly Hills
 California. Our rent expense is approximately $6
700 per month. The lease
on the office commenced in October 2012 and expires in October 2014. We are currently negotiating with our landlord to extend
the lease.

Research
and development expenses decreased by $56
258 (54.5%) from $103
293 in 2013 to $47
035 in 2014. Research and development represents
the cost of developing flavor profiles of our products and the development of future equipment. We anticipate cost continuing
in future periods
 the amounts of which cannot be estimated at this point in time. Our research and development cost will be dependent
on new formulations and new flavor profiles as our customer base increases.


    
    


Other
expenses consist of ordinary operating expenses such as office
 telephone
 insurance
 and stock related costs. These costs have
increased as our business has grown. We anticipate additional increases in these expenses.

We
had operating losses of $2
290
562 and $1
839
499 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Interest
expense increased $96
399 (26.9%) from $196
489 in 2013 to $292
888 in 2014. Interest primarily relates to convertible debt that
was issued in August 2012 and renewed in September 2013 and short term notes that were issued in December 2013.

Interest
expense includes direct interest of $96
339 and $30
822 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 calculated based on the interest rate
stated in our various debt instruments.

In
addition
 interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $228
165 and $165
689
 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Interest
expense also included various finance charges of $1
447 for the year ended March 31
 2014.

We
had net losses of $2
583
450 and $2
035
988 for 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of March 31
 2014 we had working capital of $1
824
889.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we used cash of $1
885
160 in operations
 $699
561 for the purchase of patents and trademarks
 $104
532
for investment in equipment.

We
received $4
806
500 less expenses of $295
320 for a net amount of $4
511
180 for the sale of (i) 14
226
000 shares our common
stock and (ii) warrants to purchase 14
739
000 shares of common stock
 which have terms from three to five year and exercise prices
between $0.25 and $0.60 per share.

We
issued $775
000 in short-term notes payable
 $500
000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder
 $100
000 was purchased
by an affiliate of an Officer
 Director and significant shareholder and $100
000 was purchased by an affiliate of a director and
significant shareholder. The short-term notes are due and payable in one year but we have the right to a six month extension.
We also issued 1
291
667 warrants to the short-term note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis
and is exercisable for a period of five years. In addition we borrowed $485
132 and repaid $515
404 in advances from related parties.
The advance from related parties was primarily used towards the acquisition of the patents and trademarks and the cash used to
repay the advances came from the issuance of the short-term debt. We also repaid $40
000 and borrowed $20
000 of principal on
our convertible debt.

Our
operations to date have been financed by the sale of securities
 the issuance of convertible debt and the issuance of short-term
debt
 including related party advances. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations with the capital raised
we will be required to raise additional funds either in the form of capital or debt. There are no assurances that we will be able
to generate the necessary capital or debt to carry out our current plan of operations.

The aggregate
minimum requirements under non-cancelable leases as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:



Fiscal
    Years ending March 31
 2015
39
993


The
aggregate amount of principal payments due as of December 31
 2013 are as follows:




    Years ending March 31

    

    
    

    
775
000

    
420
000

    
1
195
000


Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to stockholders.


    
    


Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our
consolidated financial statements are included beginning immediately following the signature page to this report. See Item 15
for a list of the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31
 2014.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 for the Company.

Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2014. The
framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &ldquo;Internal Control
&ndash; Integrated Framework&rdquo; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 1992
which assessment identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control
deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that creates a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement in annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


    
    


Management
identified the following material weaknesses:



    
    
We
    do not have an audit committee: While we are not currently obligated to have an audit committee
 including a member who is
    an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K
 under applicable regulations
    or listing standards; however
 it is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee is an important internal control over financial
    reporting
 the lack of which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of internal controls
    and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    do not have a majority of independent directors on our board of directors
 which may result in ineffective oversight in the
    establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
Inadequate
    Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures.


Since
the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting did identify material weaknesses
 management
considers its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective.

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

Management
believes that the material weakness set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results.

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weakness and enhance our internal control over financial reporting
 we plan to
engage additional accounting personnel to ensure that we are able to properly implement internal control procedures at such time
as funds are available.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended March
31
 2014 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Report:



    
    
    
    
    

Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

Steven
    Lang
    
    
    
    

Arnold
    Tinter
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Director


Riccardo
 has been the Chairman of our board of directors
 President and Chief Executive Officer since January 10
 2012.
He has also been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Barfresh Inc.
 a Colorado corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary
(&ldquo;Barfresh CO&rdquo;)
 since its inception. Mr. Delle Coste is also the Managing Director of Barfresh Food Group. Mr. Delle
Coste is the inventor of the patent pending technology and the creator of Smoo Smoothies. Mr. Delle Coste started the business
in 2005 and developed a unique system using controlled pre-packaged portions
 to deliver a freshly made smoothie that is quick
cost efficient
 healthy and with no waste. In building the business
 he is responsible for securing new business tenders and maintaining
key client relationships. He is also responsible for the development of new product from testing to full-scale production
 establishment
of the manufacturing facilities that have all necessary accreditation (HACCP
 Halal
 and Kosher)
 technology development
 product
improvement and R&amp;D with new product launches. Mr. Delle Coste also has over five years of investment banking experience.
Mr. Delle Coste attended Macquarie University
 Sydney
 Australia while studying for a Bachelor of Commerce for 3.5 years but left
to pursue business interests and did not receive a degree.


    
    


:
Mr. Delle Coste has 17 years of experience within retail
 hospitality and dairy industries and is a member of the Dairy Institute
of Australia.

Steven
 was appointed as Director of the Company on January 10
 2012. He has also served as Secretary of Barfresh CO since
its inception. Prior to joining Barfresh CO
 from 2003 to 2007
 Mr. Lang was a director of Vericap Finance Limited
 a company
that specializes in providing advice to and investing in Australian companies with international growth potential. From 1990 to
1999
 he served as a director of Babcock &amp; Brown&rsquo;s Australian operations where he was responsible for international
structured finance transactions. Mr. Lang received a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of New South
Wales in 1976 and a Master of Laws from the University of Sydney in 1984. He has been a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
in Australia and was licensed to practice foreign law in New York.

:
Mr. Lang has over 35 years of experience in business
 accounting
 law and finance and served as Chairman of an Australian public
company.

Arnold
 was appointed as Director
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company on January 10
 2012. Mr. Tinter
founded Corporate Finance Group
 Inc.
 a consulting firm located in Denver
 Colorado
 in 1992
 and is its President. Corporate
Finance Group
 Inc.
 is involved in financial consulting in the areas of strategic planning
 mergers and acquisitions and capital
formation. He is the chief financial officer to two other public companies: LifeApps Digital Media Inc. and Arvana Inc. From 2006
to 2010 he was the chief financial officer of Spicy Pickle Franchising
 Inc.
 a public company
 where his responsibilities included
oversight of all accounting functions
 including SEC reporting
 strategic planning and capital formation. From May 2001 to May
2003
 he served as chief financial officer of Bayview Technology Group
 LLC
 a privately held company that manufactured and distributed
energy-efficient products. From May 2003 to October 2004
 he also served as that company&rsquo;s chief executive officer. Prior
to 1990
 Mr. Tinter was chief executive officer of Source Venture Capital
 a holding company with investments in the gaming
 printing
and retail industries. Mr. Tinter currently serves as a director of LifeApps Digital Media Inc.
 a public company. Mr. Tinter
received a B.S. degree in Accounting in 1967 from C.W. Post College
 Long Island University
 and is licensed as a Certified Public
Accountant in Colorado.

Qualifications:

he served as a director of numerous public companies.

Employment
Agreements

There
are no employment agreements between the Company and its officers and directors.

Term
of Office

Directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of shareholders or until removed from office
in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until the earlier of resignation
or removal.

Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that none of our directors are independent.

Board
Committees

We
do not have an audit
 nominating or compensation committee. We intend
 however
 to establish an audit committee and a compensation
committee of our board in the future. We envision that the audit committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing the services
performed by our independent auditors and evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls. The compensation
committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing and approving our salary and benefits policies (including stock options)
and other compensation of our executive officers.

Family
Relationships

There are
no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.


    
    


Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to the
Company
 have any material interest adverse to the Company or have
 during the past ten years:



    
    
been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);

    
    
    

    
    
had
    any bankruptcy petition filed by or against him/her or any business of which he/she was a general partner or executive officer
    either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

    
    
    

    
    
been
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business
    securities
 futures
 commodities or banking activities;

    
    
    

    
    
been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
    Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
    suspended
 or vacated;

    
    
    

    
    
been
    subject to
 or party to
 any judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree 
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
    or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation
 (ii)
    any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary
    or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
    order
 or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
    with any business entity; or been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
    or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
    any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent
    exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
    a member.


Code
of Ethics

The
Company has not yet adopted a code of ethics.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.

To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh with respect to our most recent fiscal
year or written representations from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 our directors
executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements with
the exception of the following: Riccardo Delle Coste
 Arnold Tinter and Steven Lang each filed a late Form 3 filing; Arnold Tinter
and Steven Lang each filed a late Form 4 filing.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The following
table summarizes all compensation for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 received by our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 who were the only executive officers of the Company in fiscal year 2014
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;:



Principal
    
    

    ($)

    

    

    

    Incentive Plan Compensation 

    in Pension 

    Other Compensation 

    


 
    Executive Officer
    
117
517
    
    
    
    
    
    
117
517

    
    
36
450
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
450

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
72
000
    
160
000
    
    
    
    
232
000

    
    
48
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
48
000



    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table

At
March 31
 2014
 the Company had no outstanding equity awards to its Named Executive Officers.

Employment
Agreements

There
are no employment agreements between the Company and its officers and directors.

Compensation
of Directors

The following
table summarizes the compensation paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    Cash

    Awards

    Awards

    Compensation

    Compensation

    Total

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
500
    
115
119(
    
    
127
619




    
On
    February 14
 2014
 Steven Lang was granted an option to purchase 800
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock under
    the Company&rsquo;s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan at a purchase price of $0.50 per share. The option was fully vested at the
    time of grant and has a term of three years
 expiring on February 14
 2017.


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of June 24
 2014 for
(i) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock
 (ii) each Named
Executive Officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially
own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii)
of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options
or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for
our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner&rsquo;s
spouse or children.

For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 24
 2014. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding
shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the
right to acquire within 60 days of June 24
 2014 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does
not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Unless otherwise specified
 the address of each of the persons set forth
below is in care of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 90 Madison Street
 Denver CO 80206.


    
    





    and address of beneficial owner

    and nature of beneficial ownership

    of
    class o/s

    
19
533
331
    

    
    
    

    
19
366
664
    

    
    
    

    
20
133
331
    

    
    
    

    
19
133
331
    

    
    
    

    
800
000
    

    
    
    

    
40
466
662
    

    
    
    

    
    3200 Cherry Creek South Drive 
    Suite 670 
    Denver
 CO 80209
17
934
138
    


(1)
Includes 18
966
664 shares owned by R.D. Capital Holdings Pty Ltd. and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial
owner.

(2)
Mr. Delle Coste is the Chief Executive Officer
 President and a Director of the Company.

(3)
Includes 18
966
664 shares owned by Sidra Pty Limited of which Steven Lang is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

(4)
Mr. Lang is a Director of the Company.

(5)
Mr. Tinter is the Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and a Director of the Company.

(6)
Includes 200
000 underlying shares of convertible debt owned and 200
000 shares underlying warrants related to convertible debt
owned by RD Capital Holdings Pty Ltd. Mr. Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficially own these shares.

(7)
Includes 166
667 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which is the Delle Coste
Family Trust. Mr. Delle Coste may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own these shares but disclaims beneficial ownership of
these shares pursuant to Rule 13d-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.

(8)
Includes shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which is Sidra Pty Limited.

(9)
Includes 800
000 shares underlying options granted pursuant to the Company&rsquo;s 2014 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. The
options are fully vested
 have an exercise price of $0.50 per share and expire on February 14
 2017.

Changes
in control



Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2014
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under &ldquo;Executive Compensation&rdquo;). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to or better than terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions.

The
acquisition of the international patents on October 15
 2013 was funded through an advance of $672
157 from an affiliate of Steven
Lang at an interest rate of 6.0%. Two hundred thousand ($200
000) of the advance was satisfied through the participation of Riccardo
Delle Coste and Steven Lang
 separately through their affiliates
 in the Company&rsquo;s December 20
 2013 private placement of
notes and warrants. Five-year warrants to purchase 333
334 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.45 per share were
issued to each of these related parties as part of their investment. The related parties participated in the offering upon the
same terms offered to other investors. The balance of the remaining loan
 plus accrued interest of $5
617
 was paid in full and
in cash by the Company prior to the end of 2013.

Lazarus
Investment Partners LLP
 a greater than 10% shareholder of the Company (&ldquo;Lazarus&rdquo;) participated in the private placement
that closed on December 20
 2013. Lazarus purchased a 2%
 one-year $500
000 note and five-year warrants to purchase 833
333 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $0.45 in this offering.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014 and the year ended March 31
 2013 we received cash advances in the amounts of $12
975 and $30
272
respectively
 from a relative of an officer of the Company. The advances bear no interest and were repaid.

Our
principal executive offices are located in 90 Madison Street
 Suite 701
 Denver
 Colorado 80206. The executive office is co-located
with the office of Corporate Finance Group
 a company that is owned by our Chief Financial Officer. We use this property free
of charge.


    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s policy with regard to related party transactions requires any related party loans that are (i) non-interest bearing
and in excess of $100
000 or (ii) interest bearing
 irrespective of amount
 must be approved by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors.
All issuances of securities by the Company must be approved by the board of directors
 irrespective of whether the recipient is
a related party. Each of the foregoing transactions
 if required by its terms
 was approved in this manner.

Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; of The NASDAQ Stock Market set forth in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2)
to evaluate the independence of each of our directors. We have determined that none of our directors qualifies as an &ldquo;independent
director&rdquo;.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered to the Company by Eide Bailly LLP for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2014 were as
follows.



    

    2014

    2013

    
37
264
19
180

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
37
264
19
180


As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees.
 2014 and 2013 were for the audits of our financial statements
and reviews of our interim financial statements included in our annual and quarterly reports.

Audit
Related Fees. 
 2014 and 2013 were for the audit or review of our financial
statements that are not reported under Audit Fees.

Tax
Fees. 
 tax advice and tax planning
for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013.

All
Other Fees. 
ended March 31
 2014 and 2013.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 an audit committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The SEC&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
audit committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Company has not yet established an Audit Committee. Accordingly
 none of audit services and non-audit services described in
this Item 14 were pre-approved by an Audit Committee. However the services were approved by the Board of Directors.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3.
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Item 15(a) (3) above.

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

See
Item 15(a) (2) above.


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    June 30
 2014
    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste

    
    
Riccardo
                                         Delle Coste
Chief
        Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive Officer)

    
    
    

Date:
    June 30
 2014
    
/s/
    Arnold Tinter

    
    
Arnold
    Tinter

    
    
Chief
                                         Financial Officer
(Principal
        Financial Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
June
    30
 2014

Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Arnold Tinter
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Director
    
June
    30
 2014

Arnold
    Tinter
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Lang
    
    
    
June
    30
 2014

Steven
    Lang
    
    
    
    



    
    



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements



    
    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2014 and 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Equity for the period from April 1
 2012 through March 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    
    



    
    




REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


and Stockholders of Barfresh Food Group Inc.


balance sheets of Barfresh Food Group Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated
statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
March 31
 2014. Barfresh Food Group Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Barfresh Food Group Inc. as of
March 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
March 31
 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




    
    



    



    





    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
March
31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
632
612
85
957

    
68
640
7
413

    
76
913
12
712

    
12
007
226
602

    
    
13
540

    
2
790
172
346
224


 net of depreciation
362
078
311
496


 net of amortization
700
654
31
985

    
14
461
10
731

    
3
867
365
700
436

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
175
851
247
682

    
242
820
187
096

    
1
866
5
066


 net of discount
492
015
    


 net of discount
52
731
    

    
    
30
272


 net of discount
    
36
551


 net of discount
    
285
100

    
965
283
791
767


 net of discount
22
993
    


 net of discount
170
066
    

    
1
158
342
791
767

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized
    none issued or outstanding
    
    


 $0.000001 par value; 95
000
000 shares authorized;
    65
247
660 and 50
366
660 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
    
    

    
7
739
117
2
355
328

    
(5
030
159
(2
446
709

    
2
709
023
(91
331

    
3
867
365
700
436


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
For
the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
110
085
8
928

    
48
534
8
884

    
61
551
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
267
270
1
804
167

    
84
843
35
376

    
2
352
113
1
839
543

    
    
    

    
(2
290
562
(1
839
499

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
292
888
196
489

    
    
    

    
(2
583
450
(2
035
988

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
57
276
274
48
707
429

    
    
    


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


Barfresh
Inc.
Statement
of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For
the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    Stock
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
47
166
660
    
1
174
058
(177
778
(410
721
585
606


 net of expenses of
    $17
500
1
600
000
    
382
498
    
    
382
500

    
1
350
000
    
283
999
(100
000
    
184
000

    
250
000
    
112
500
    
    
112
500

    
    
    
    
131
111
    
131
111

    
    
    
118
235
    
    
118
235


    to convertible debt
    
    
284
038
    
    
284
038

    
    
    
    
146
667
    
146
667


 2013
    
    
    
    
(2
035
988
(2
035
988


 2013
50
366
660
    
2
355
328
    
(2
446
709
(91
331


 net of expenses of
    $295
320
14
226
000
    
4
511
166
    
    
4
511
180


    to convertible debt
    
    
268
778
    
    
268
778

    
    
    
298
232
    
    
298
232

    
55
000
    
28
730
    
    
28
730

    
600
000
    
239
999
    
    
240
000

    
    
    
36
884
    
    
36
884


 2014
    
    
    
    
(2
583
450
(2
583
450

    
65
247
660
    
7
739
117
    
(5
030
159
2
709
023


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
For
the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
583
450
(2
035
988

    
    
    

    
53
951
33
195

    
305
614
335
893

    
30
892
2
180

    
228
164
165
689

    
    
131
111

    
    
    

    
(61
227
(7
413

    
13
540
(13
540

    
(64
201
(12
712

    
214
594
2
907

    
(3
730
(10
731

    
(71
831
236
786

    
55
724
175
316

    
(3
200
5
066

    
(1
885
160
(992
241

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(104
532
(195
550

    
(699
561
    

    
(804
093
(195
550

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
511
180
382
500

    
775
000
440
000

    
(40
000
    

    
20
000
    

    
485
132
30
272

    
(515
404
    

    
5
235
908
852
772

    
    
    

    
2
546
655
(335
019

    
85
957
420
976

    
2
632
612
85
957

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
63
875
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
268
730
514
735

    
142
873
142
019

    
125
905
142
019

    
298
232
    


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013

Note
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
 (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated on February
25
 2010 in the State of Delaware. We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

We
were in the development stage from December 4
 2009 through March 31
 2013. Our fiscal year ending March 31
 2014 is the first
year during which we are considered an operating company and is no longer in the development stage.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

Basis
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc.
and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

We
consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash
equivalents.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
amount of cash on deposit with financial institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at March 31
 2014. However
we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss
is minimal.

Fair
Value Measurement

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820

Measurements and Disclosures
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and
establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy
as follows:

Level
1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets
and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed
on the New York Stock Exchange.

Level
2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reported date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or
contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.

Level
3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models
and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights.

Our
financial instruments consist of accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 amounts due to a related party
 notes
payable
 and convertible notes. The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative
short maturities.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are typically unsecured. Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer
is evaluated prior to a sale. Currently there is no allowance for doubtful accounts as all of accounts are deemed collectable.


    
    



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets are comprised of patents
 net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which

Other
 the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as
incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and
similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

Property
Plant and Equipment

Property
plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated
on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter
of the useful life of the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably
assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:

Furniture
and fixtures: 5 years
Equipment:
7 years
Leasehold
improvements: 2 years

Revenue
Recognition

We
recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the
sales price is determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured.

Research
and Development

Expenditures
for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $47
035
and $103
293
 in research and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Rent
Expense

We
recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840


 our lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the
date of initial occupancy. We include the rent holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense
is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy date. Deferred rent was $1
866 and $5
066 at March 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively
and will be charged to rent expense over the life of the lease.

Earnings
per Share

We
calculate net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings
per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2014 and
2013 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive as we had losses for the years then ended.

Recent
Pronouncements

We
have reviewed all recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoptions of
any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of operations.

Note
2. Property Plant and Equipment

Major
classes of property and equipment at March 31
 2014 and 2013 consist of the following:



    
    
    

    
13
331
11
070

    
372
617
330
321

    
3
300
3
300

    
389
248
344
691

    
(87
146
(33
195

    
302
102
311
496

    
59
976
    


 net of depreciation
362
078
311
496


We
recorded depreciation expense related to these assets of $53
951 and $33
195 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


Note
3. Intangible Assets

As
of March 31
 2014 and 2013
 intangible assets consists of patent costs of $736
648 and $37
087
 less accumulated amortization
of $35
994 and $5
102
 respectively

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we acquired at a cost of $672
157
 all of the international patent rights for a pre-portioned
ready to blend packet for beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

The
amounts carried on the balance sheet represent cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred
by the Company. Amortization is calculated through the expiration date of the patent
 which is December
 2025. The amount charged
to expenses for amortization of the patent costs was $30
892 and $2
180 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Estimated
future amortization expense related to intangible property as of March 31
 2014 is as follows:





    

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
60
513

Later
    years
398
089

    
700
654


Note
4. Advance from Related Party

During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we received a cash advance from an affiliate of a director and shareholder of the Company in the
amount of $672
157 (Australian $710
000)
 which was used for the purchase of certain international patent rights. The advance
was repaid with interest calculated at 6.0% per annum
 $5
617. The repayment was made in the form of a note in the amount $200
000
and cash of $451
495
 which was net of a foreign exchange gain of $26
280
 as payments were due in Australian dollars.

During
the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 we received cash advances in the amounts of $12
975 and $30
272
 respectively
 from a
relative of an officer of the Company. The advances bear no interest and were repaid.

Note
5. Short-Term Notes Payable (Related and Unrelated)

In
December 2013
 we closed an offering of $775
000 in short-term notes payable
 $500
000 of which was purchased by a significant
shareholder
 $100
000 was purchased by an affiliate of an officer
 director and significant shareholder and $100
000 was purchased
by an affiliate of a director and significant shareholder. The short-term notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum and are
due and payable on December 20
 2014. We also issued 1
291
667 warrants to the short-term note holders for the right to purchase
shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per
share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of five years.

The
fair value of the warrant
 $0.38 per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


The
relative value of the warrants was $298
232
 which was the amount recorded as debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount
will be amortized over the life of the note
 one year
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate
as calculated to be approximately 52% but will be paying cash at a rate of 2% per annum.

The
balance at March 31
 2014 was comprised of:




 related and unrelated parties
775
000

    
(230
254

    
544
746


Accrued
expenses include interest related to the short term notes of $4
289 at March 31
 2014.

We
have the right to extend the due date of the short-term notes to June 19
 2015 with notice to the holders given at least 30 days
and no more than 60 days prior to the initial due date. If we extend the short-term notes the interest rate will increase to 3%
per annum and we will be required to issue additional warrants (&ldquo;Extension Warrants&rdquo;). The Extension Warrants will
have a 3 year term and the exercise price will be determined based on the volume weighted average price for the 10 trading days
preceding the original due date of the short-term notes. The number of shares which may be purchased will be computed by dividing
56.25% of the unpaid principal amount of the short-term notes held by the initial exercise price computed as set forth above.

Note
6. Convertible Note (Related and Unrelated)

In
August 2012
 we closed an offering of $440
000 of convertible notes
 $50
000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder
of ours. The notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6
 2013. In addition
 the notes
are convertible at any time after the original issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding into our common stock at a
conversion price of $0.372 per share. We also issued 956
519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase shares of
our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per share for
a term of seven years.

When
the convertible notes were due we settled the notes by repaying $40
000 of the notes in cash
 issuing new convertible notes in
the amount of $400
000 and received payment for another new note in the amount of $20
000. The new notes bear interest at a rate
of 12% per annum and are due and payable on September 6
 2015. In addition the new notes are convertible at any time after the
original issue date until the new notes are no longer outstanding
 into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share.
We also issued warrants to the new note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1
680
000 warrants issued. The warrants
previously issued with the original note have been cancelled.

In
accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (&ldquo;ASC 470&rdquo;)
 we first calculated
the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined that there was a beneficial
conversion feature.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $0.13 per share
 ($216
531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing
model using the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


The
relative value of the warrants to the notes was $142
873
 which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We
also recorded a beneficial conversion feature on the convertible notes of $125
905. The amounts recorded as debt discount will
be amortized over the life of the notes
 two years
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate
as calculated to be approximately 74% but will be paying cash at a rate of 12% per annum.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


The
balance at March 31
 2014 was comprised of:




 related and unrelated parties
420
000

    
(226
941

    
193
059


Accrued
expenses include interest related to the convertible notes of $28
445 at March 31
 2014.

The
aggregate amount of principal payments due on the convertible notes as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:





    

    
420
000


Note
7. Commitments and Contingencies

We
lease office space under non-cancelable operating lease
 which expires October 31
 2014.

The
aggregate minimum requirements under non-cancelable leases as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:





    

    
39
993


Rent
expense was $77
007 and $38
119 for the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Note
8. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

During
prior periods we issued 1
850
000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for various consulting services. Pursuant to the
guidance in ASC Topic 505-50
 Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees (&ldquo;ASC 505-50&rdquo;)
 the shares issued are being amortized
over the periods of the contracts
 which range from one to two years. The shares were valued at the market price on the date of
grant. The aggregate value of the shares previously issued was $596
500. There is no unamortized balance at March 31
 2014.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we terminated a contract with a non-employee. All previously unvested stock option expense attributed
to the non-employee
 in the amount of $14
747 was reversed and credited to general and administrative expenses

We
had consulting contracts that provided for the potential issuance of an additional 1
380
000 shares of our common stock. These
contracts have expired and there is no longer an obligation to issue any future shares.

Certain
previously granted restricted stock rights and stock options were subject to performance conditions. As a result of the employee
termination the performance conditions will not be met. In accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&ldquo;ASC
718&rdquo;)
 previously recognized unvested equity based compensation cost of $103
488 has been reversed during the year ended
March 31
 2014.

During
the period from December 31
 2012 through May 9
 2013
 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per
unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and a three year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common
stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&ldquo;Unit&rdquo; or &ldquo;Units&rdquo;). We sold 3
200
000 units representing
3
200
000 shares and warrants to purchase 1
600
000 shares for total consideration of $800
000 less $17
500 in cost
 for a net
amount received of $782
500.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $266
673
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an
allocation of the proceeds applied to the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated
to the shares of common stock issued. The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital.
The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


During
July and August 2013 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one share
of common stock
 a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (which
may be exercised on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise
price of $0.50 per share (&ldquo;Unit&rdquo; or &ldquo;Units) for total consideration of $1
906
500 less $267
645 in cost for
a net amount received of $1
638
855.

The
fair value of the warrants
 estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $3
089
919. The estimated
value was higher than the proceeds received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value
of the common stock
 has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes
option pricing model:



    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3
                                         - 5&nbsp;

    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;87
                                         - 106

    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.67
                                         - 1.38

    
    


During
March 2014 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common
stock
 a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (which may be exercised
on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50
per share for total consideration of $2
500
000 less $27
675 in cost for a net amount received of $2
473
325. Included in the
cost of the offering is value of Units issued to legal counsel for services in connection with the offering.

The
fair value of the warrants
 estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $1
001
396. The estimated
value was higher than the proceeds received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value
of the common stock
 has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes
option pricing model:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we issued 600
000 shares of common stock to officers and directors of the Company for services rendered.
In accordance with ASC 718 compensation expense in the amount of $240.000 was recognized in the statement of operations for the
year ended March 31
 2014. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.

During
ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 30
000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance
in ASC 505
 the value of the shares was charged to expense in the amount of $16
230. The fair value of the stock was based on
the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued options to purchase 800
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50
per share to a Director of the Company. The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 3 years from the date
of issuance
 February 14
 2014. The fair value of the options
 $115
119
 which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


All
other previously outstanding stock options issued to employees were cancelled during the year ended March 31
 2014.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


The
following is a summary of outstanding stock options issued to employees as of March 31
 2014



    

    of Options

    price per share

    remaining term in years

    intrinsic value at date of grant


 2012
    
    
    
    

    
625
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2013
625
000
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
    
    

    
(625
000
    
    
    


 2014
800
000
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
    
    


Note
9. Outstanding Warrants

The
following is a summary of all outstanding warrants as of March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    

    of grant


    of common stock
16
872
332
0.25
                                         - 1.50
    
1
546
420


    notes
1
680
000
    
    
    

    
1
291
667
    
    
64
583


Note
10. Interest Expense

Interest
expense includes direct interest of $63
276 and $30
800 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 calculated
based on the interest rate stated in our debt instruments.

In
addition as more fully described in Note 6 above
 interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $228
165
and $165
689 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Interest
expense also included various finance charges of $1
447 for the year ended March 31
 2014.

Note
11. Income Taxes

Income
tax provision (benefit) for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 is summarized below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(790
200
(625
700

    
(76
700
(60
700

    
(866
900
(686
400

    
866
900
686
400

    
    
    



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision
for income taxes. The sources and tax effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Components
of the net deferred income tax assets at March 31
 2014 and 2013 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
1
706
500
839
600

    
(1
706
500
(839
600

    
    
    


ASC
740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more
than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the
evidence
 both positive and negative
 management has determined that a $1
706
500 and $839
600 allowance at March 31
 2014 and
2013
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The
change in the valuation allowance for the current year is $866
900.

As
of March 31
 2014
 we have a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $4
575
100. The loss will be available to offset
future taxable income. If not used
 this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
1
000

    
63
800

    
345
900

    
1
840
300

    
2
324
100


As
of March 31
 2014 we did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.

Note
12. Business Segments

During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:



    
    

    
65
760

    
44
325

    
110
085


During the
year ended March 31
 2013 we operated in only one segment and one geographic location.

All of our
asset are located in the United States.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2014 and 2013


The following
is a breakdown of customer representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2014:



    

    from customer

    of total revenue

    
67
760
    

    
20
160
    

    
12
960
    

    
100
880
    


The
following is a breakdown of customer representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2013



    

    from customer

    of total revenue

    
1
440
    

    
1
440
    

    
3
168
    

    
2
880
    

    
8
928
    


Note
13. Subsequent Events

Management
has evaluated all activity and concluded that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial
statements or disclosure in the notes to the financial statements except as for the following:


    
    


Exhibit
Index



    
    
    
    

    
    
Share
    Exchange Agreement dated January 10
 2012 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Andreas Wilcken
 Jr.
 Barfresh Inc. and the shareholders
    of Barfresh Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 25
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 (Registration
    No. 333-168738) as filed August 11
 2010)

    
    
Bylaws
    of Moving Box
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-168738) as filed August 11
    2010)

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 13
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Smoothie Holdings Inc. dated February 16
 2012 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
Form
    of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
Form
    of Series B Warrant*

    
    
Form
    of Series C Warrant*

    
    
Form
    of Series D Warrant*

    
    
Form
    of PA Warrant*

    
    
Form
    of Series CN Warrant*

    
    
Form
    of Series N Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10Q for the period ending December 31
 2013
 as filed
    February 13
 2014)

    
    
Form
    of Note dated December 20
 2013 by Barfresh Food Group Inc. in favor of certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    4.1 to Form 10Q for the period ending December 31
 2013
 as filed February 13
 2014)

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement dated December 20
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10Q for the period
    ending December 31
 2013
 as filed February 13
 2014)

    
    
Intellectual
    Property Sale Deed by and between National Australia Bank Limited and Barfresh Inc. dated October 15
 2013 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed November 11
 2013)

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement dated August 7
 2013 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors*

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement dated August 7
 2013 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors

    
    
Agreement
    of Sale
 dated January 10
 2012
 by and among Moving Box Inc. and Andreas Wilcken
 Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 of Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement dated January 10
 2012 by and between Moving Box
 Inc. and certain investors. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 of Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
Form
    of Lock Up Agreement dated January 10
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
    January 17
 2012)

    
    
Amendment
    No. 2
dated January 10
 2012 to Agreement dated March 21
 2010
 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Moving Box Entertainment LLC
    Garrett LLC
 Ian McKinnon
 Brad Miller
 Andreas Wilcken
 Jr. and Uptone Pictures
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.5 of Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed January17
 2012)

    
    
Investor
    Release dated January 10
 2012
 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Andreas Wilcken
 Jr.
 Garrett LLC
 Ian McKinnon and Brad Miller
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
Barfresh
    Food Group Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan*

    
    
    






    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


*&#9;Filed
herewith
+&#9;Compensatory
plan

In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.

Furnished
herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.


    
    













     



NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED FOR SALE
 SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY)
 IN A FORM
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

SERIES
B WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK




Warrant
    No. 2012-
    
Issuance
    Date: December __
 2012 


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies that
 for good and valuable consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 
 the registered holder hereof or its
&rdquo;)
 is entitled
 subject to the terms set forth below
 to purchase from the Company
at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect
 upon exercise of this Series B Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including
any Series B Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange
 transfer or replacement hereof
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 but not after 11:59 p.m.
New York time
 on the Expiration Date (as defined below)
 (subject to adjustment as provided herein)
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the &ldquo;

This
Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Subscription Agreement
 dated December __
 2012 by and among the Company and the Investors
&rdquo;). Except as otherwise defined herein
 capitalized
terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

1.


(a)


(i)
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including
 without limitation
)
 this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Issuance
&rdquo;)
 in whole or in part
 by delivery (whether via facsimile or otherwise) of a written
notice
&rdquo;)
 of the Holder&rsquo;s election
to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid
 the Holder shall deliver
payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number
&rdquo;) in cash or via
wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order
to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares
shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right
to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining
Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms hereof.


    
    


(ii)
On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which
the Company has received an Exercise Notice
 the Company shall transmit by facsimile an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt
of such Exercise Notice
 in the form attached hereto as 
 to the Holder and the Company&rsquo;s transfer agent
&rdquo;). On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has
received such Exercise Notice
 the Company shall (i) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust
&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program
 upon the request of the Holder
 credit such aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holder&rsquo;s or its designee&rsquo;s
balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system
 or (ii) if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program
 issue and deliver to the Holder or
 at the Holder&rsquo;s instruction pursuant
to the Exercise Notice
 the Holder&rsquo;s agent or designee
 in each case
 sent by reputable overnight courier to the address
as specified in the applicable Exercise Notice
 a certificate
 registered in the Company&rsquo;s share register in the name of
the Holder or its designee (as indicated in the applicable Exercise Notice)
 for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise.

(iii)
If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant
 and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than
the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise
 then
 at the request of the Holder
 the Company shall as soon as
practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense
 issue and deliver to
) representing the right to purchase the number
of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant
 less the number of Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant
 but
rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay
any and all taxes and fees which may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this
Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company&rsquo;s failure to deliver Warrant Shares to the Holder on or prior to the
second (2nd) Trading Day after the Company&rsquo;s receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price shall not be deemed to be a breach
of this Warrant.


    
    


(b)
. For purposes of this Warrant

Price
 subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)
. If
the Company shall fail
 for any reason or for no reason
 to issue to the Holder within the later of (i) three (3) Trading Days
after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or four (4) Trading Days if the Exercise Notice is delivered after 5:00 P.M.
New York City time
 on the Exercise Date) and (ii) two (2) Trading Days after the Company&rsquo;s receipt of the Aggregate Exercise
Price (or three (3) Trading Days if the Company receives the Aggregate Exercise Price after 5:00 P.M.
 New York City time
 on
the Exercise Date) (such later date
&rdquo;)
 a certificate for the number of shares
of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Company&rsquo;s share register
or to credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled
upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be)
 and if after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all
or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
 or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock
 issuable upon such exercise that the Holder so anticipated receiving from the Company
then
 in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder
 the Company shall
 within three (3) Business Days after the Holder&rsquo;s
request and in the Holder&rsquo;s discretion
 either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder&rsquo;s total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses
 if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
(including
 without limitation
 by any other Person in respect
 or on behalf
&rdquo;)
at which point the Company&rsquo;s obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate or credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account
with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise hereunder (as
the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate
 or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue
and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock or credit the Holder&rsquo;s
balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise
hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the
product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any
Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending on the date of such issuance
and payment under this clause (ii).


    
    


(d)
. In the case of a dispute as to the determination
of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof
the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in
accordance with 

(e)
. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Warrant
 this Warrant shall not be exercisable by the Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the
&rdquo;)
of the Common Stock after giving effect to such exercise. To the extent the above limitation applies
 the determination of whether
this Warrant shall be exercisable (vis-&agrave;-vis other convertible
 exercisable or exchangeable securities owned by the Holder
or any of its affiliates) and of which such securities shall be exercisable (as among all such securities owned by the Holder)
shall
 subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation
 be determined on the basis of the first submission to the Company for conversion
exercise or exchange (as the case may be). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any
effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability.
For the purposes of this paragraph
 beneficial ownership and all determinations and calculations (including
 without limitation
with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. For any reason at any time
 upon the written or oral request of the Holder
the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding
 including by virtue of any prior conversion or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities into Common
Stock
 including
 without limitation
 pursuant to this Warrant or securities issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. By
written notice to the Company
 any Holder may increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess
of 9.99% specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice
is delivered to the Company
 and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder sending such notice and not
to any other holder of the Warrants.


    
    


(f)
. The Company shall at all
times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Company&rsquo;s
obligation to issue shares of Common Stock hereunder (without regard to any limitation otherwise contained herein with respect
to the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant). If
 notwithstanding the foregoing
and not in limitation thereof
 at any time while any of the Warrants remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient
number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon exercise of
the Warrants at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 then the Company shall promptly take all action necessary to increase the
Company&rsquo;s authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve
Amount for all the Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence
 as soon as practicable
after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure
 but in no event later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence
of such Authorized Share Failure
 the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the
number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting
 the Company shall provide each stockholder with
a proxy statement or information statement and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders&rsquo;
approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders
that they approve such proposal.

2.
.
If the Company
 at any time on or after the Issuance Date
 (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding
shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock
(ii) subdivides (by any stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination
 reverse stock split or otherwise) one
or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares
 then in each such case the Exercise
Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
 and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii)
or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If
any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder
then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.


    
    


3.
. The Company hereby covenants and agrees
that the Company will not
 by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation
 Bylaws or through any reorganization
 transfer of
assets
 consolidation
 merger
 scheme of arrangement
 dissolution
 issue or sale of securities
 or any other voluntary action
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant
 and will at all times in good faith
carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable
upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect
 (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon
the exercise of this Warrant
 and (iii) shall
 so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding
 take all action necessary to reserve
and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock
 solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise
of the Warrants
 the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of
the Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

4.
. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein
 the Holder
 solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant
 shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends
or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose
 nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed
to confer upon the Holder
 solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant
 any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company
or any right to vote
 give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization
 issue of stock
 reclassification
of stock
 consolidation
 merger
 conveyance or otherwise)
 receive notice of meetings
 receive dividends or subscription rights
or otherwise
 prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise
of this Warrant. In addition
 nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to
purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company
 whether such liabilities
are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

5.


(a)
. If this Warrant is to be transferred
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
 whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order
)
 registered as the Holder may request
 representing the right
to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and
 if less than the total number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant is being transferred
) to the Holder representing
the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.


    
    


(b)
Lost
 Stolen or Mutilated Warrant
of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss
 theft
 destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which
a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence)
 and
 in the case of loss
theft or destruction
 of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and
 in
the case of mutilation
 upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant
 the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a
) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this
Warrant.

(c)
. This Warrant is exchangeable
upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company
 for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with
) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder
at the time of such surrender; provided
 however
 no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be given.

(d)
. Whenever the Company is required
to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant
 such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant
 (ii)
shall represent
 as indicated on the face of such new Warrant
 the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
(or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to 
 the Warrant Shares designated
by the Holder which
 when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection
with such issuance
 does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant)
 (iii) shall have an issuance date
as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date
 and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions
as this Warrant.

6.
. The Holder is entitled to the benefit
of certain registration rights with respect to this Warrant and the Warrant Shares
 pursuant to the Subscription Agreement.

7.
. Whenever notice is required to be given under this
Warrant
 unless otherwise provided herein
 such notice shall be given in accordance with the Subscription Agreement. The Company
shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant
 including in reasonable detail
a description of such action and the reason therefor.


    
    


8.
. Except as otherwise provided herein
the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited
 or omit to perform any act
herein required to be performed by it
 only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. The Holder shall be
entitled
 at its option
 to the benefit of any amendment of any other similar warrant issued under the Subscription Agreement.
No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

9.
. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited
by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 the provision that would otherwise
be prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable
and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant
so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express
 without material change
 the original intentions of the parties as
to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature
 invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not
substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the
prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s)
 the effect of which comes as close as possible to
that of the prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

10.
. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with
 and all questions concerning the construction
 validity
 interpretation and performance of this
Warrant shall be governed by
 the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the
laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Each of the Parties submits to the jurisdiction of any state or federal
court sitting in the State of Delaware
 in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and agrees that
all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction
to collect on the Company&rsquo;s obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder.
THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
 AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST
 A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF
ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

11.
. This Warrant shall be deemed to be
jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings
of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of
 or affect the interpretation of
 this Warrant.


    
    


12.
. In the case of a dispute as to the determination
of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant
Shares (as the case may be)
 the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic
calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile (i) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute
 at any
time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree
upon such determination or calculation (as the case may be) of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair
market value or the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) within three (3) Business Days of such disputed determination
or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be)
 then the Company shall
 within two
(2) Business Days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price
or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent
 reputable investment bank selected by the Holder or (b) the disputed
arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Company&rsquo;s independent
 outside accountant. The Company shall cause at
its expense the investment bank or the accountant (as the case may be) to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case
may be) and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such
disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may be). Such investment bank&rsquo;s or accountant&rsquo;s determination
or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.

13.
Remedies
 Characterization
 Other Obligations
 Breaches and Injunctive
Relief
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
 at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive
relief)
 and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply
with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument
other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments
 exercises and the
like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not
 except as expressly provided
herein
 be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach
by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may
be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that
 in the event of any such breach or threatened breach
 the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled
 in addition to all other available remedies
 to an injunction restraining any breach
 without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and
documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company&rsquo;s compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including
 without limitation
 hereof). The issuance
of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to
the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof
 provided that the Company shall not be required
to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name
other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.


    
    


14.
. This Warrant may be offered for sale
 sold
 transferred
or assigned without the consent of the Company
 except as may otherwise be required by the Subscription Agreement.

15.
. For purposes of this Warrant
 the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
&rdquo; means the common stock
 $0.000001
par value per share
 of the Company.

(b)
&rdquo; means any stock or other
security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances
 directly or indirectly
 convertible into
 exercisable
or exchangeable for
 or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire
 any shares of Common Stock.

(c)
&rdquo; means the date that is the
three (3) year anniversary of the Issuance Date or
 if such date falls on a day other than a Business Day or on which trading
&rdquo;)
 the next date that is not a Holiday.

(d)
&rdquo; means any rights
 warrants or options
to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(e)
&rdquo; means on any particular
date (a) the last closing bid price per share of the Common Stock on such date on the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national
stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed
 or if there is no such price on such date
 then the closing bid price
on such exchange or quotation system on the date nearest preceding such date
 or (b) if the Common Stock is not listed then on
the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national stock exchange
 the last closing bid price for a share of Common Stock in the
over-the-counter market
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices) at the close of business on such date
 or (c) if the Common Stock is not then reported by
the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc. (or similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices)
 then the average of the &ldquo;Pink Sheet&rdquo; quotes for the five (5) Trading Days preceding such date of determination
or (d) if the Common Stock is not then publicly traded the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board.

(f)
&rdquo; means an individual
 a limited liability
company
 a partnership
 a joint venture
 a corporation
 a trust
 an unincorporated organization
 any other entity or a government
or any department or agency thereof.


    
    


(g)


(h)
&rdquo; means any day on which the Common
Stock is traded on the Principal Market
 or
 if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock
then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded
 provided that &ldquo;Trading
Day&rdquo; shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than
4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market
(or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market
 then during
the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m.
 New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF




    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP Inc.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    
    


EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

The
&rdquo;)
of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 evidenced by Series A Warrant to Purchase
&rdquo;). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the
Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

2.
. The Company shall deliver to Holder
 or its designee or agent as specified below
 __________
Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder
 or for its benefit
 to the following
address:











    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Registered
    Holder

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



EXHIBIT
B



The
Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares
of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated ______________
 from the Company and acknowledged and
agreed to by _______________.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    














     




NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED FOR SALE
 SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY)
 IN A FORM
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

SERIES
C WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK



Warrant
    No. C-
    
Issuance
    Date: ______
 2013 


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies that
 for good and valuable consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 
 the registered holder hereof or its
&rdquo;)
 is entitled
 subject to the terms set forth below
 to purchase from the Company
at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect
 upon exercise of this Series C Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including
any Series C Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange
 transfer or replacement hereof
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 but not after 11:59 p.m.
 New
York time
 on the Expiration Date (as defined below)

 2016
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the &ldquo;

This
Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Subscription Agreement
 dated ________
 2013 by and among the Company and the Investors
&rdquo;). Except as otherwise defined herein
 capitalized
terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement.



    
    


1.


(a)


(i)
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including
 without limitation
)
the purchase rights represented by this Warrant are exercisable by the Holder in whole or in part at any time
 or from time to
time
 duly completed and executed
on behalf of the Holder
 at the office of the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice
in writing to the Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
 upon payment (i) in cash or by check
acceptable to the Company
 or (ii) by cashless exercise as set forth in Section 1(a)(ii)
 below
 of the purchase price of the
shares to be purchased.

(ii)
This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised immediately prior to the close of business on the date of its surrender for
exercise as provided above and payment of the Exercise Price if exercised for cash
 and the person entitled to receive the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise shall be treated for all purposes as the holder of record of such shares as of the
&rdquo;). As promptly as practicable on or after the Exercise Date
&rdquo;)
 the Company
at its expense shall issue and deliver to the person or persons entitled to receive the same a certificate or certificates for
the number of shares issuable upon such exercise. In the event that this Warrant is exercised in part
 the Company at its expense
will execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor exercisable for the number of shares for which this Warrant may then be exercised.

(iii)
The Holder
 at its option
 may exercise this Warrant in a cashless exercise transaction pursuant to this subsection (c) (a &ldquo;Cashless
Exercise&rdquo;). In order to effect a Cashless Exercise
 the Holder shall surrender this Warrant at the principal office of the
Company together with an Exercise Form
 completed and executed
 indicating Holder&rsquo;s election to effect a Cashless Exercise
in which event the Company shall issue Holder a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula:

X
= Y (A-B)/A

where:
X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y
= the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is being Exercised.



    
    



A
= the Market Price of one (1) share of Common Stock (for purposes of this Section 1(c)
 where &ldquo;Market Price
&rdquo; means
the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined herein) of one (1) share of Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive Trading
Day period immediately preceding the Exercise Date.

B
= the Exercise Price.

As
used herein
 the &ldquo;Volume Weighted Average Price&rdquo; for any security as of any date means the volume weighted average
sale price on The NASDAQ Global Market (&ldquo;NASDAQ&rdquo;) as reported by
 or based upon data reported by
 Bloomberg Financial
Markets or an equivalent
 reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by holders of a majority
in interest of the Warrants and the Company (&ldquo;Bloomberg&rdquo;) or
 if NASDAQ is not the principal trading market for such
security
 the volume weighted average sale price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where
such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg
 or
 if no volume weighted average sale price is reported for such
security
 then the last closing trade price of such security as reported by Bloomberg
 or
 if no last closing trade price is reported
for such security by Bloomberg
 the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the over
the counter market by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 Inc. or in the &ldquo;pink sheets&rdquo; by the Pink OTC Market
Inc. If the Volume Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above
 the
volume weighted average price shall be the fair market value as determined in good faith by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors.
&ldquo;Trading Day&rdquo; shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is traded for any period on NASDAQ
 or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

For
purposes of Rule 144 and sub-section (d)(3)(ii) thereof
 it is intended
 understood and acknowledged that the Common Stock issued
upon Exercise of this Warrant in a Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired at the time this Warrant
was issued. Moreover
 it is intended
 understood and acknowledged that the holding period for the Common Stock issued upon Exercise
of this Warrant in a Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to have commenced on the date this Warrant was issued.

In
the case of a dispute as to the determination of the closing price or the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Company&rsquo;s
Common Stock or the arithmetic calculation of the Exercise Price or Market Price
 the Company shall submit the disputed determinations
or arithmetic calculations via facsimile within four (4) business days of receipt
 or deemed receipt
 of the Exercise Notice
or other event giving rise to such dispute
 as the case may be
 to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree
upon such determination or calculation within two (2) business days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being
submitted to the Holder
 then the Company shall
 within two (2) business days submit via facsimile (i) the disputed determination
of the closing price or the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock to an independent
 reputable investment
bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder
 which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed or (ii)
the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Exercise Price
 Market Price to the Company&rsquo;s independent
 outside accountant
or another accounting firm of national standing selected by the Company. The Company shall cause the investment bank or the accountant
as the case may be
 to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later
than the later of (i) five (5) business days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations or (ii) five
(5) business days from the selection of the investment bank and accounting firm
 as applicable. Such investment bank&rsquo;s or
accountant&rsquo;s determination or calculation
 as the case may be
 shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.



    
    



(b)
Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant
&rdquo; means $0.25
 subject to adjustment as provided
herein.

(c)
Company&rsquo;s Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. If the Company shall fail
 for any reason or for no reason
 to issue to
the Holder within the later of (i) three (3) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or four (4) Trading
Days if the Exercise Notice is delivered after 5:00 P.M.
 New York City time
 on the Exercise Date) and (ii) two (2) Trading Days
after the Company&rsquo;s receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price (or three (3) Trading Days if the Company receives the Aggregate
Exercise Price after 5:00 P.M.
 New York City time
 on the Exercise Date) (such later date
&rdquo;)
a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock
on the Company&rsquo;s share register or to credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for such number of shares of Common
Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be)
 and if after such
Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
 or a sale of a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
 issuable upon such exercise that the Holder
so anticipated receiving from the Company
 then
 in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder
 the Company shall
within three (3) Business Days after the Holder&rsquo;s request and in the Holder&rsquo;s discretion
 either (i) pay cash to the
Holder in an amount equal to the Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket
expenses
 if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including
 without limitation
 by any other Person in respect
or on behalf
&rdquo;)
 at which point the Company&rsquo;s obligation to so issue
and deliver such certificate or credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common
Stock) shall terminate
 or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates
representing such shares of Common Stock or credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common
Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder
in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied
by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable
Exercise Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (ii).




    
    



(d)
Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of
Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof
 the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant
Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 12.

(e)
Limitations on Exercises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant
 this Warrant shall not be exercisable
by the Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder together with any of its affiliates would beneficially
&rdquo;) of the Common Stock after giving effect to such exercise
and as a result of such exercise. To the extent the above limitation applies
 the determination of whether this Warrant shall
be exercisable (vis-&agrave;-vis other convertible
 exercisable or exchangeable securities owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates)
and of which such securities shall be exercisable (as among all such securities owned by the Holder) shall
 subject to such Maximum
Percentage limitation
 be determined on the basis of the first submission to the Company for conversion
 exercise or exchange
(as the case may be). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability
of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. For the purposes of this paragraph
beneficial ownership and all determinations and calculations (including
 without limitation
 with respect to calculations of percentage
ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum
Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder
of this Warrant. For any reason at any time
 upon the written or oral request of the Holder
 the Company shall within one (1)
Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding
 including by virtue
of any prior conversion or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities into Common Stock
 including
 without limitation
pursuant to this Warrant or securities issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. By written notice to the Company
 any Holder
may increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase
will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company
 and (ii) any such increase or decrease
will apply only to the Holder sending such notice and not to any other holder of the Warrants. At any time when this Warrant
in its entirety or a portion thereof
 is not exercisable by Holder in accordance with the Maximum Percentage limitation described
above
 Holder may not assign or otherwise transfer this Warrant in its entirety (in the event that the entirety of the Warrant
is not exercisable as described) or the portion of this Warrant that is not exercisable as described (in the event that a portion
of this Warrant is not exercisable as described).



    
    



(f)
Insufficient Authorized Shares. The Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares
of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Company&rsquo;s obligation to issue shares of Common Stock hereunder (without
regard to any limitation otherwise contained herein with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquirable
upon exercise of this Warrant). If
 notwithstanding the foregoing
 and not in limitation thereof
 at any time while any of the
Warrants remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock
to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of all of the Warrants
&rdquo;)
 then the
Company shall promptly take all action necessary to increase the Company&rsquo;s authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount
sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for all the Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing sentence
 as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure
but in no event later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure
 the Company shall hold a meeting
of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such
meeting
 the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement or information statement and shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders&rsquo; approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause
its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal.

Adjustment
of Exercise Price and Number of Warrant Shares
 at any time on or after the Issuance Date
 (i) pays a
stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any
class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock
 (ii) subdivides (by any stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization
or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines
(by combination
 reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares
 then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction (the &ldquo;Adjustment Metric&rdquo;)
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number of Warrant Shares
shall be divided by the Adjustment Metric. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
 and
any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date
of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an
Exercise Price is calculated hereunder
 then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect
such event.



    
    



2.
. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not
 by amendment of its Certificate of
Incorporation
 Bylaws or through any reorganization
 transfer of assets
 consolidation
 merger
 scheme of arrangement
 dissolution
issue or sale of securities
 or any other voluntary action
 avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant
 and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as
may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Company (i) shall not
increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then
in effect
 (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant
 and (iii) shall
 so long as any
of the Warrants are outstanding
 take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares
of Common Stock
 solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of the Warrants
 the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of the Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations
on exercise).

3.
. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein
 the Holder
 solely in its capacity as
a holder of this Warrant
 shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose
 nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder
 solely in its capacity as
the Holder of this Warrant
 any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote
 give or withhold consent to
any corporate action (whether any reorganization
 issue of stock
 reclassification of stock
 consolidation
 merger
 conveyance
or otherwise)
 receive notice of meetings
 receive dividends or subscription rights
 or otherwise
 prior to the issuance to the
Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition
 nothing
contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise
of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company
 whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors
of the Company.

4.


(a)
Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred
 the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
 whereupon the
Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d))
 registered
as the Holder may request
 representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and
if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred
 a new Warrant (in accordance
with Section 5(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.



    
    



(b)
Lost
 Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss
theft
 destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below
shall suffice as such evidence)
 and
 in the case of loss
 theft or destruction
 of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder
to the Company in customary and reasonable form and
 in the case of mutilation
 upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant
the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing the right to
purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c)
Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable
 upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company
 for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase
the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
 and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such
portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided
 however
 no warrants for
fractional shares of Common Stock shall be given.

(d)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant
 such
new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant
 (ii) shall represent
 as indicated on the face of such new Warrant
the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to
Section 5(a) or Section 5(c)
 the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which
 when added to the number of shares of Common
Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance
 does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares
then underlying this Warrant)
 (iii) shall have an issuance date
 as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same
as the Issuance Date
 and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

5.
. The Holder is entitled to the benefit of certain registration rights with respect to this Warrant
and the Warrant Shares
 pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall prepare and
 as soon as practicable
but in no event later than the Filing Deadline
 file with the SEC the Registration Statement on such applicable form covering
the resale of all of the Registrable Securities (subject to any cutbacks based on Rule 415 of the 1933 Securities Act). The Company
shall use its commercially reasonable best efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as
practicable
Notices.
Whenever
 unless otherwise provided herein
 such notice shall be given in
accordance with the Subscription Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken
pursuant to this Warrant
 including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor.



    
    



6.
. Except as otherwise provided herein
 the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company
may take any action herein prohibited
 or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it
 only if the Company has
obtained the written consent of the Holder. The Holder shall be entitled
 at its option
he benefit of any amendment
of any other similar warrant issued under the Subscription Agreement. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

7.
. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction
 the provision that would otherwise be prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed
amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable
 and the invalidity or unenforceability of such
provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues
to express
 without material change
 the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited
nature
 invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations
or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the
parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s)
with a valid provision(s)
 the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable
provision(s).

8.
. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with
 and all questions concerning
the construction
 validity
 interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by
 the internal laws of the State
of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware
or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware.
Each of the Parties submits to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware
 in any action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and agrees that all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may
be heard and determined in any such court. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit
or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Company&rsquo;s obligations to the
Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO
 AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST
 A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR
ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.



    
    



9.
. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not
be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall
not form part of
 or affect the interpretation of
 this Warrant.

10.
. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the
Bid Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares (as the case may be)
 the Company or the Holder
(as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile (i)
within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as
the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute
 at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving
rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation (as the case may
be) of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair market value or the number of Warrant Shares (as the
case may be) within three (3) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company
or the Holder (as the case may be)
 then the Company shall
 within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed
determination of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent
reputable investment bank selected by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Company&rsquo;s
independent
 outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant (as the case may
be) to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case may be) and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no
later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may be).
Such investment bank&rsquo;s or accountant&rsquo;s determination or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all
parties absent demonstrable error. With regard to any conflict of methods for dispute resolution as described in this paragraph
compared to methods described in 1(a)(iii) above
 the latter shall prevail and be the applicable method in that circumstance.

11.

 Characterization
 Other Obligations
 Breaches and Injunctive Relief
be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
 at law or
in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief)
 and nothing herein shall limit the right
of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants
to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts
set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments
 exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts
to be received by the Holder and shall not
 except as expressly provided herein
 be subject to any other obligation of the Company
(or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable
harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that
 in the
event of any such breach or threatened breach
 the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled
 in addition to all other available
remedies
 to an injunction restraining any breach
 without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder
to enable the Holder to confirm the Company&rsquo;s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including
 without
limitation
 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby
upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs
in respect thereof
 provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.



    
    



12.
. This Warrant may be offered for sale
 sold
 transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company
 except
as may otherwise be required by the Subscription Agreement.

13.
. For purposes of this Warrant
 the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
&rdquo; means the common stock
 $0.000001 par value per share
 of the Company.

(b)
&rdquo; means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under
any circumstances
 directly or indirectly
 convertible into
 exercisable or exchangeable for
 or which otherwise entitles the
holder thereof to acquire
 any shares of Common Stock.

(c)
&rdquo; means the date that is the three (3) year anniversary of the Issuance Date or
 if such date
&rdquo;)
the next date that is not a Holiday.

(d)
&rdquo; means any rights
 warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities.

(e)
&rdquo; means on any particular date (a) the last closing bid price per share of the Common
Stock on such date on the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed
or if there is no such price on such date
 then the closing bid price on such exchange or quotation system on the date nearest
preceding such date
 or (b) if the Common Stock is not listed then on the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national stock
exchange
 the last closing bid price for a share of Common Stock in the over-the-counter market
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin
Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices) at the close
of business on such date
 or (c) if the Common Stock is not then reported by the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc.
(or similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 then the average of the &ldquo;Pink Sheet&rdquo;
quotes for the five (5) Trading Days preceding such date of determination
 or (d) if the Common Stock is not then publicly traded
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board.



    
    


(f)
&rdquo; means an individual
 a limited liability company
 a partnership
 a joint venture
 a corporation
 a
trust
 an unincorporated organization
 any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(g)
&ldquo;

(h)
&rdquo; means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market
 or
 if the Principal
Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock
 then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which the Common Stock is then traded
 provided that &ldquo;Trading Day&rdquo; shall not include any day on which the Common
Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from
trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance
the closing time of trading on such exchange or market
 then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m.
 New York time) unless such
day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder.

[Signature
Page Follows]



    
    



IN
WITNESS WHEREOF




    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP Inc.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer




    
    



EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

The
&rdquo;)
of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 evidenced by Series C Warrant to Purchase
&rdquo;). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the
Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

2.
. The Company shall deliver to Holder
 or its designee or agent as specified below
 __________
Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder
 or for its benefit
 to the following
address:







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Registered
    Holder

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


EXHIBIT
B



The
Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares
of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated ______________
 from the Company and acknowledged and
agreed to by _______________.



    
    
    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP Inc

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
















     





SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE
SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY)
 IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE
TO THE COMPANY
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144
OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

SERIES D WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK



    
    
Issuance Date: ______
 2013 



Inc.
&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies that
 for good and valuable consideration
 the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 
 the registered holder hereof or its permitted
&rdquo;)
 is entitled
 subject to the terms set forth below
 to purchase from the Company
 at
the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect
 upon exercise of this Series D Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including
any Series D Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange
 transfer or replacement hereof
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 but not after 11:59 p.m.
New York time
 on the Expiration Date (as defined below)

 2018
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the &ldquo;


issued pursuant to that certain Subscription Agreement
 dated ________
 2013 by and among the Company and the Investors signatory
&rdquo;). Except as otherwise defined herein
 capitalized terms
in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement.


    
    


Exercise
of Warrant

Mechanics
of Exercise. 

Subject
to the terms and conditions hereof (including
 without limitation
)
 this Warrant
&rdquo;)
 in whole or in
part
 by delivery (whether via facsimile or otherwise) of a written notice
 (the
&rdquo;)
 of the Holder&rsquo;s election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following
an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid
 the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price
in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the
&rdquo;) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not
be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise
Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant
and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of
an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this
Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

On
or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received an Exercise Notice
 the Company shall
transmit by facsimile an acknowledgment of confirmation of receipt of such Exercise Notice

B
&rdquo;). On or before the third (3rd)
Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice
 the Company shall (i) provided that the
&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program
upon the request of the Holder
 credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise to the Holder&rsquo;s or its designee&rsquo;s balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian
system
 or (ii) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program
 issue and deliver
to the Holder or
 at the Holder&rsquo;s instruction pursuant to the Exercise Notice
 the Holder&rsquo;s agent or designee
 in each
case
 sent by reputable overnight courier to the address as specified in the applicable Exercise Notice
 a certificate
 registered
in the Company&rsquo;s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee (as indicated in the applicable Exercise Notice)
for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise.



    
    


If
 and the number of Warrant Shares
represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise
then
 at the request of the Holder
 the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days
after any exercise and at its own expense
 issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in accordance with
) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise
under this Warrant
 less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of
Common Stock are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant
 but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall
be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all taxes and fees which may be payable with respect to
the issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company&rsquo;s failure
to deliver Warrant Shares to the Holder on or prior to the second (2nd) Trading Day after the Company&rsquo;s receipt of the Aggregate
Exercise Price shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant.

Exercise
Price. For purposes of this Warrant
&rdquo; means $0.50
 subject to adjustment as provided herein.

Company&rsquo;s
Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. If the Company shall fail
 for any reason or for no reason
 to issue to the Holder within
the later of (i) three (3) Trading Days after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or four (4) Trading Days if the Exercise
Notice is delivered after 5:00 P.M.
 New York City time
 on the Exercise Date) and (ii) two (2) Trading Days after the Company&rsquo;s
receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price (or three (3) Trading Days if the Company receives the Aggregate Exercise Price after 5:00
P.M.
 New York City time
 on the Exercise Date) (such later date
&rdquo;)
 a certificate
for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Company&rsquo;s
share register or to credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be)
 and if after such Share Delivery Deadline
the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
the Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
 or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal
to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock
 issuable upon such exercise that the Holder so anticipated receiving
from the Company
 then
 in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder
 the Company shall
 within three (3) Business
Days after the Holder&rsquo;s request and in the Holder&rsquo;s discretion
 either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal
to the Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses
 if any) for the shares
of Common Stock so purchased (including
 without limitation
 by any other Person in respect
 or on behalf
 of the Holder) (the
&rdquo;)
 at which point the Company&rsquo;s obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate or credit
the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s
exercise hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate
 or (ii) promptly honor its
obligation to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock or credit
the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s
exercise hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price
over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock
on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending on the date of such issuance
and payment under this clause (ii).



    
    


Disputes.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares
to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof
 the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are
not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 12.

Limitations
on Exercises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant
 this Warrant shall not be exercisable by the
Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder together with any of its affiliates would beneficially own
&rdquo;) of the Common Stock after giving effect to such exercise and as
a result of such exercise. To the extent the above limitation applies
 the determination of whether this Warrant shall be exercisable
(vis-&agrave;-vis other convertible
 exercisable or exchangeable securities owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates) and of
which such securities shall be exercisable (as among all such securities owned by the Holder) shall
 subject to such Maximum Percentage
limitation
 be determined on the basis of the first submission to the Company for conversion
 exercise or exchange (as the case
may be). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the
provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. For the purposes of this paragraph
beneficial ownership and all determinations and calculations (including
 without limitation
 with respect to calculations of percentage
ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph
to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial
ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
Maximum Percentage limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. For
any reason at any time
 upon the written or oral request of the Holder
 the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally
and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding
 including by virtue of any prior conversion
or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities into Common Stock
 including
 without limitation
 pursuant to this Warrant
or securities issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. By written notice to the Company
 any Holder may increase or decrease
the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company
 and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the
Holder sending such notice and not to any other holder of the Warrants. At any time when this Warrant
 in its entirety or a portion
thereof
 is not exercisable by Holder in accordance with the Maximum Percentage limitation described above
 Holder may not assign
or otherwise transfer this Warrant in its entirety (in the event that the entirety of the Warrant is not exercisable as described)
or the portion of this Warrant that is not exercisable as described (in the event that a portion of this Warrant is not exercisable
as described).


    
    



Insufficient
Authorized Shares. The Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock
as shall be necessary to satisfy the Company&rsquo;s obligation to issue shares of Common Stock hereunder (without regard to any
limitation otherwise contained herein with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquirable upon exercise
of this Warrant). If
 notwithstanding the foregoing
 and not in limitation thereof
 at any time while any of the Warrants remain
outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation
to reserve for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares

&rdquo;)
 then the Company shall promptly take all action
necessary to increase the Company&rsquo;s authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve
the Required Reserve Amount for all the Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence
 as
soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure
 but in no event later than ninety (90) days
after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure
 the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of
an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting
 the Company shall provide each
stockholder with a proxy statement or information statement and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders&rsquo;
approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders
that they approve such proposal.



    
    


Adjustment of Exercise
Price and Number of Warrant Shares
 at any time on or after the Issuance Date
 (i) pays a stock dividend
on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital
stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock
 (ii) subdivides (by any stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization or otherwise)
one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination
reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares
then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction (the &ldquo;Adjustment Metric&rdquo;) of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number of Warrant Shares shall be
divided by the Adjustment Metric. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
 and any adjustment
pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision
or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated
hereunder
 then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not
 by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation
 Bylaws or
through any reorganization
 transfer of assets
 consolidation
 merger
 scheme of arrangement
 dissolution
 issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action
 avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant
 and will
at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights
of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares
of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect
 (ii) shall take all such
actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant
 and (iii) shall
 so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding
 take
all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock
 solely for the purpose
of effecting the exercise of the Warrants
 the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary
to effect the exercise of the Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

Holder
Not Deemed a Stockholder
 the Holder
 solely in its capacity as a holder
of this Warrant
 shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for
any purpose
 nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder
 solely in its capacity as the
Holder of this Warrant
 any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote
 give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization
 issue of stock
 reclassification of stock
 consolidation
 merger
 conveyance or otherwise)
receive notice of meetings
 receive dividends or subscription rights
 or otherwise
 prior to the issuance to the Holder of the
Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition
 nothing contained in this
Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant
or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company
 whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.



    
    


Reissuance
of Warrants

Transfer
of Warrant. 
 the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
 whereupon the Company
will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d))
 registered as the
Holder may request
 representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and
 if less
than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred
 a new Warrant (in accordance with Section
5(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.

Lost
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. 
 theft
destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall
suffice as such evidence)
 and
 in the case of loss
 theft or destruction
 of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to
the Company in customary and reasonable form and
 in the case of mutilation
 upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant
 the
Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing the right to purchase
the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

Exchangeable
for Multiple Warrants. 
 upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the
Company
 for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 5(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the
number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
 and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion
of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided
 however
 no warrants for fractional
shares of Common Stock shall be given.

Issuance
of New Warrants. 
 such new Warrant
(i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant
 (ii) shall represent
 as indicated on the face of such new Warrant
 the right to
purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 5(a)
or Section 5(c)
 the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which
 when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying
the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance
 does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this
Warrant)
 (iii) shall have an issuance date
 as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date
and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.



    
    


Registration
Rights
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall prepare and
 as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than
the Filing Deadline
 file with the SEC the Registration Statement on such applicable form covering the resale of all of the Registrable
Securities (subject to any cutbacks based on Rule 415 of the 1933 Securities Act). The Company shall use its commercially reasonable
best efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than
for such Registration Statement. If the Registration
Statement is not declared effective by the Effectiveness Date
 this warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis.

.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant
 unless otherwise provided herein
 such notice shall be given in accordance
with the Subscription Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant
to this Warrant
 including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor.

Amendment
and Waiver
 the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any
action herein prohibited
 or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it
 only if the Company has obtained the
written consent of the Holder. The Holder shall be entitled
 at its option
 to the benefit of any amendment of any other similar
warrant issued under the Subscription Agreement. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party.

.
If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction
 the provision that would otherwise be prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the
broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable
 and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect
the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express
 without material
change
 the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature
 invalidity or unenforceability
of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties
or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good
faith negotiations to replace the prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s)
 the effect of which
comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s).



    
    


Governing
Law
 and all questions concerning the construction
validity
 interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by
 the internal laws of the State of Delaware without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Each of the Parties submits
to the jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware
 in any action or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement and agrees that all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined in
any such court. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted
by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action
against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Company&rsquo;s obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment
or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
 AND AGREES NOT TO
REQUEST
 A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Construction;
Headings
any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of
 or
affect the interpretation of
 this Warrant.

Dispute
Resolution
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or
fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares (as the case may be)
 the Company or the Holder (as the case
may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile (i) within two (2)
Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may
be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute
 at any time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such
dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation (as the case may be) of the Exercise
Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair market value or the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) within three
(3) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company or the Holder (as the
case may be)
 then the Company shall
 within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise
Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent
 reputable investment
bank selected by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Company&rsquo;s independent
outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant (as the case may be) to perform
the determinations or calculations (as the case may be) and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten
(10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may be). Such investment
bank&rsquo;s or accountant&rsquo;s determination or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error.



    
    


Remedies
Characterization
 Other Obligations
 Breaches and Injunctive Relief
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
 at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief)
 and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue
actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that
there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided
for herein with respect to payments
 exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by
the Holder and shall not
 except as expressly provided herein
 be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance
thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and
that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that
 in the event of any such breach
or threatened breach
 the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled
 in addition to all other available remedies
 to an injunction
restraining any breach
 without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The
Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm
the Company&rsquo;s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including
 without limitation

2
be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof
 provided that the Company
shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any
certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

.
This Warrant may be offered for sale
 sold
 transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company
 except as may otherwise
be required by the Subscription Agreement.

Certain
Definitions
 the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Common
Stock
 $0.000001 par value per share
 of the Company.


&rdquo; means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under
any circumstances
 directly or indirectly
 convertible into
 exercisable or exchangeable for
 or which otherwise entitles the holder
thereof to acquire
 any shares of Common Stock.

Expiration
Date
 if such date falls on a day other
&rdquo;)
 the next
date that is not a Holiday.



    
    


&rdquo;
means any rights
 warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

Per
Share Market Value
date on the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed
 or if there
is no such price on such date
 then the closing bid price on such exchange or quotation system on the date nearest preceding such
date
 or (b) if the Common Stock is not listed then on the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national stock exchange
 the last
closing bid price for a share of Common Stock in the over-the-counter market
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink
OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices) at the close of business on
such date
 or (c) if the Common Stock is not then reported by the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc. (or similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 then the average of the &ldquo;Pink Sheet&rdquo; quotes for the five
(5) Trading Days preceding such date of determination
 or (d) if the Common Stock is not then publicly traded the fair market value
of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board.

&rdquo;
means an individual
 a limited liability company
 a partnership
 a joint venture
 a corporation
 a trust
 an unincorporated organization
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

Principal
Market

Trading
Day
 or
 if the Principal Market is not the
principal trading market for the Common Stock
 then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common
Stock is then traded
 provided that &ldquo;Trading Day&rdquo; shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled
to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the
final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time
of trading on such exchange or market
 then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m.
 New York time) unless such day is otherwise
designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder.




    
    


IN WITNESS WHEREOF

the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    






BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.


&rdquo;)
of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 evidenced by Series D Warrant to Purchase
&rdquo;). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

Payment
of Exercise Price
with the terms of the Warrant.

Delivery
of Warrant Shares
 or its designee or agent as specified below
 __________ Warrant Shares
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder
 or for its benefit
 to the following address:







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    







acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock
in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated ______________
 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by _______________.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    















     



NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED FOR SALE
 SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY)
 IN A FORM
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

PLACEMENT
AGENT WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK



Warrant
    No. PA-
    
    

    
    
    

Number
    of Placement Agent Warrants 132
520
    
Issuance
    Date: 


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies that
 for good and valuable consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 
 the registered holder hereof or its permitted
&rdquo;)
 is entitled
 subject to the terms set forth below
 to purchase from the Company
 at
the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect
 upon exercise of this Placement Agent Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including
any Placement Agent Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange
 transfer or replacement hereof
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 but not after 11:59 p.m.
New York time
 on the Expiration Date (as defined below)
 (subject to adjustment as provided herein) fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the &ldquo;

This
Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain Placement Agent&rsquo;s Agreement
 dated May 6
 2013 by and among the Company and the
&rdquo;). Except as otherwise defined herein
 capitalized terms in
this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Subscription Agreement entered into by the investor in the private
placement which terminated on August 7
 2013.


    
    


1.


(a)


(i)
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof (including
 without limitation
)
 the purchase rights represented by this Warrant are exercisable by the Holder
in whole or in part at any time
 or from time to time
 by the surrender of this Warrant and the Notice of Exercise annexed hereto
 duly completed and executed on behalf of the Holder
 at the office of the Company (or such other office or
agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books
of the Company)
 upon payment (i) in cash or by check acceptable to the Company
 or (ii) by cashless exercise as set forth in
Section 1(a)(ii)
 below
 of the purchase price of the shares to be purchased.

(ii)
This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of its surrender for exercise as provided above and payment of the Exercise Price if
exercised for cash
 and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise shall be treated
&rdquo;).
As promptly as practicable on or after the Exercise Date

Share Delivery Date
 the Company at its expense shall issue and deliver to the person or persons entitled to receive
the same a certificate or certificates for the number of shares issuable upon such exercise. In the event that this Warrant is
exercised in part
 the Company at its expense will execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor exercisable for the number
of shares for which this Warrant may then be exercised.

(iii)
The Holder
 at its option
 may exercise this Warrant in a cashless
exercise transaction pursuant to this subsection (c) (a &ldquo;Cashless Exercise&rdquo;). In order to effect a Cashless Exercise
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant at the principal office of the Company together with an Exercise Form
 completed and executed
indicating Holder&rsquo;s election to effect a Cashless Exercise
 in which event the Company shall issue Holder a number of shares
of Common Stock computed using the following formula:


    
    


X
= Y (A-B)/A

where:
X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to Holder.

Y
= the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is being Exercised.

A
= the Market Price of one (1) share of Common Stock (for purposes of this Section 1(c)
 where &ldquo;Market Price
&rdquo; means
the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined herein) of one (1) share of Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive Trading
Day period immediately preceding the Exercise Date.

B
= the Exercise Price.

As
used herein
 the &ldquo;Volume Weighted Average Price&rdquo; for any security as of any date means the volume weighted average
sale price on The NASDAQ Global Market (&ldquo;NASDAQ&rdquo;) as reported by
 or based upon data reported by
 Bloomberg Financial
Markets or an equivalent
 reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by holders of a majority
in interest of the Warrants and the Company (&ldquo;Bloomberg&rdquo;) or
 if NASDAQ is not the principal trading market for such
security
 the volume weighted average sale price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where
such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg
 or
 if no volume weighted average sale price is reported for such
security
 then the last closing trade price of such security as reported by Bloomberg
 or
 if no last closing trade price is reported
for such security by Bloomberg
 the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the over
the counter market by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 Inc. or in the &ldquo;pink sheets&rdquo; by the Pink OTC Market
Inc. If the Volume Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above
 the
volume weighted average price shall be the fair market value as determined in good faith by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors.
&ldquo;Trading Day&rdquo; shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is traded for any period on NASDAQ
 or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

For
purposes of Rule 144 and sub-section (d)(3)(ii) thereof
 it is intended
 understood and acknowledged that the Common Stock issued
upon Exercise of this Warrant in a Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired at the time this Warrant
was issued. Moreover
 it is intended
 understood and acknowledged that the holding period for the Common Stock issued upon Exercise
of this Warrant in a Cashless Exercise transaction shall be deemed to have commenced on the date this Warrant was issued.

In
the case of a dispute as to the determination of the closing price or the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Company&rsquo;s
Common Stock or the arithmetic calculation of the Exercise Price or Market Price
 the Company shall submit the disputed determinations
or arithmetic calculations via facsimile within four (4) business days of receipt
 or deemed receipt
 of the Exercise Notice
or other event giving rise to such dispute
 as the case may be
 to the Holder. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree
upon such determination or calculation within two (2) business days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being
submitted to the Holder
 then the Company shall
 within two (2) business days submit via facsimile (i) the disputed determination
of the closing price or the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock to an independent
 reputable investment
bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder
 which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed or (ii)
the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Exercise Price
 Market Price to the Company&rsquo;s independent
 outside accountant
or another accounting firm of national standing selected by the Company. The Company shall cause the investment bank or the accountant
as the case may be
 to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later
than the later of (i) five (5) business days from the time it receives the disputed determinations or calculations or (ii) five
(5) business days from the selection of the investment bank and accounting firm
 as applicable. Such investment bank&rsquo;s or
accountant&rsquo;s determination or calculation
 as the case may be
 shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error.


    
    


(b)
Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant

Price
 subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)
Company&rsquo;s Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. If the Company
shall fail
 for any reason or for no reason
 to issue to the Holder within the later of (i) three (3) Trading Days after receipt
of the applicable Exercise Notice (or four (4) Trading Days if the Exercise Notice is delivered after 5:00 P.M.
 New York City
time
 on the Exercise Date) and (ii) two (2) Trading Days after the Company&rsquo;s receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price (or
three (3) Trading Days if the Company receives the Aggregate Exercise Price after 5:00 P.M.
 New York City time
 on the Exercise
Date) (such later date
&rdquo;)
 a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Company&rsquo;s share register or to credit the
Holder&rsquo;s balance account with DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s
exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be)
 and if after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the
number of shares of Common Stock
 or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of
shares of Common Stock
 issuable upon such exercise that the Holder so anticipated receiving from the Company
 then
 in addition
to all other remedies available to the Holder
 the Company shall
 within three (3) Business Days after the Holder&rsquo;s request
and in the Holder&rsquo;s discretion
 either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder&rsquo;s total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses
 if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including
without limitation
 by any other Person in respect
 or on behalf
&rdquo;)
 at which
point the Company&rsquo;s obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate or credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance account with
DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise hereunder (as the
case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate
 or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and
deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock or credit the Holder&rsquo;s balance
account with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder&rsquo;s exercise hereunder
(as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product
of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading
Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment
under this clause (ii).


    
    


(d)
Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the
Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof
 the Company
shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with
Section 12.

(e)
Limitations on Exercises. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Warrant
 this Warrant shall not be exercisable by the Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the extent) that
&rdquo;)
of the Common Stock after giving effect to such exercise and as a result of such exercise. To the extent the above limitation
applies
 the determination of whether this Warrant shall be exercisable (vis-&agrave;-vis other convertible
 exercisable or exchangeable
securities owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates) and of which such securities shall be exercisable (as among all such
securities owned by the Holder) shall
 subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation
 be determined on the basis of the first
submission to the Company for conversion
 exercise or exchange (as the case may be). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant
pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any
subsequent determination of exercisability. For the purposes of this paragraph
 beneficial ownership and all determinations and
calculations (including
 without limitation
 with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph
(or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership limitation
herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. For any reason at any time
 upon
the written or oral request of the Holder
 the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding
 including by virtue of any prior conversion or exercise of convertible
or exercisable securities into Common Stock
 including
 without limitation
 pursuant to this Warrant or securities issued pursuant
to the Placement Agent&rsquo;s Agreement. By written notice to the Company
 any Holder may increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage
to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the 61st day
after such notice is delivered to the Company
 and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder sending such
notice and not to any other holder of the Warrants. At any time when this Warrant
 in its entirety or a portion thereof
 is not
exercisable by Holder in accordance with the Maximum Percentage limitation described above
 Holder may not assign or otherwise
transfer this Warrant in its entirety (in the event that the entirety of the Warrant is not exercisable as described) or the portion
of this Warrant that is not exercisable as described (in the event that a portion of this Warrant is not exercisable as described).


    
    


(f)
Insufficient Authorized Shares. The Company shall at all times keep
reserved for issuance under this Warrant a number of shares of Common Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Company&rsquo;s
obligation to issue shares of Common Stock hereunder (without regard to any limitation otherwise contained herein with respect
to the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant). If
 notwithstanding the foregoing
and not in limitation thereof
 at any time while any of the Warrants remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient
number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon exercise of
the Warrants at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 then the Company shall promptly take all action necessary to increase the
Company&rsquo;s authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve
Amount for all the Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence
 as soon as practicable
after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure
 but in no event later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence
of such Authorized Share Failure
 the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the
number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting
 the Company shall provide each stockholder with
a proxy statement or information statement and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders&rsquo;
approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders
that they approve such proposal.

Adjustment
of Exercise Price and Number of Warrant Shares
 at any time on or after the Issuance Date
 (i) pays a
stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any
class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock
 (ii) subdivides (by any stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization
or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines
(by combination
 reverse stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares
 then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction (the &ldquo;Adjustment Metric&rdquo;)
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the number of Warrant Shares
shall be divided by the Adjustment Metric. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective
immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
 and
any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date
of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an
Exercise Price is calculated hereunder
 then the calculation of such Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect
such event.


    
    


2.
. The Company hereby covenants and agrees
that the Company will not
 by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation
 Bylaws or through any reorganization
 transfer of
assets
 consolidation
 merger
 scheme of arrangement
 dissolution
 issue or sale of securities
 or any other voluntary action
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant
 and will at all times in good faith
carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable
upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect
 (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon
the exercise of this Warrant
 and (iii) shall
 so long as any of the Warrants are outstanding
 take all action necessary to reserve
and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock
 solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise
of the Warrants
 the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of
the Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

3.
. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein
 the Holder
 solely in its capacity as a holder of this Warrant
 shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends
or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose
 nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed
to confer upon the Holder
 solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant
 any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company
or any right to vote
 give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization
 issue of stock
 reclassification
of stock
 consolidation
 merger
 conveyance or otherwise)
 receive notice of meetings
 receive dividends or subscription rights
or otherwise
 prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise
of this Warrant. In addition
 nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to
purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company
 whether such liabilities
are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

4.


(a)
Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred
 the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
 whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 4(d))
 registered as the Holder may request
 representing the right to purchase the
number of Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and
 if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying
this Warrant is being transferred
 a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 4(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase
the number of Warrant Shares not being transferred.


    
    


(b)
Lost
 Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss
 theft
 destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written
certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence)
 and
 in the case of loss
 theft or destruction
of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and
 in the case of mutilation
upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant
 the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance
with Section 4(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c)
Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable
upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company
 for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with
Section 4(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
 and
each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares as is designated by the Holder
at the time of such surrender; provided
 however
 no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be given.

(d)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue
a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant
 such new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant
 (ii) shall
represent
 as indicated on the face of such new Warrant
 the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant
(or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 4(a) or Section 4(c)
 the Warrant Shares designated by the Holder
which
 when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance
does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant)
 (iii) shall have an issuance date
 as indicated on
the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date
 and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this
Warrant.

5.
. Except as otherwise provided herein
the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited
 or omit to perform any act
herein required to be performed by it
 only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. The Holder shall be
entitled
 at its option
he benefit of any amendment of any other similar warrant
issued under the Placement Agent&rsquo;s Agreement. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party.


    
    


6.
. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited
by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 the provision that would otherwise
be prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable
and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant
so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express
 without material change
 the original intentions of the parties as
to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature
 invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not
substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the
prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s)
 the effect of which comes as close as possible to
that of the prohibited
 invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

7.
. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with
 and all questions concerning the construction
 validity
 interpretation and performance of this
Warrant shall be governed by
 the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict
of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the
laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Each of the Parties submits to the jurisdiction of any state or federal
court sitting in the State of Delaware
 in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and agrees that
all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction
to collect on the Company&rsquo;s obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder.
THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
 AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST
 A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF
ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

8.
. This Warrant shall be deemed to be
jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings
of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of
 or affect the interpretation of
 this Warrant.


    
    


9.
. In the case of a dispute as to the determination
of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the Warrant
Shares (as the case may be)
 the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or arithmetic
calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile (i) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute
 at any
time after the Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to agree
upon such determination or calculation (as the case may be) of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price or fair
market value or the number of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) within three (3) Business Days of such disputed determination
or arithmetic calculation being submitted to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be)
 then the Company shall
 within two
(2) Business Days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed determination of the Exercise Price
 the Closing Sale Price
 the Bid Price
or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent
 reputable investment bank selected by the Holder or (b) the disputed
arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares to the Company&rsquo;s independent
 outside accountant. The Company shall cause at
its expense the investment bank or the accountant (as the case may be) to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case
may be) and notify the Company and the Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such
disputed determinations or calculations (as the case may be). Such investment bank&rsquo;s or accountant&rsquo;s determination
or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. With regard to any conflict of
methods for dispute resolution as described in this paragraph compared to methods described in 1(a)(iii) above
 the latter shall
prevail and be the applicable method in that circumstance.

10.
Remedies
 Characterization
 Other Obligations
 Breaches and Injunctive
Relief
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
 at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive
relief)
 and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual damages for any failure by the Company to comply
with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument
other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments
 exercises and the
like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not
 except as expressly provided
herein
 be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach
by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may
be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that
 in the event of any such breach or threatened breach
 the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled
 in addition to all other available remedies
 to an injunction restraining any breach
 without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and
documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Company&rsquo;s compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Warrant (including
 without limitation
 hereof). The issuance
of shares and certificates for shares as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to
the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof
 provided that the Company shall not be required
to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name
other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

11.
. This Warrant may be offered for sale
 sold
 transferred
or assigned without the consent of the Company
 except as may otherwise be required by the Placement Agent&rsquo;s Agreement.


    
    


12.
. For purposes of this Warrant
 the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
&rdquo; means the common stock
 $0.000001
par value per share
 of the Company.

(b)
&rdquo; means any stock or other
security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances
 directly or indirectly
 convertible into
 exercisable
or exchangeable for
 or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire
 any shares of Common Stock.

(c)
&rdquo; means the date that is the
three (3) year anniversary of the Issuance Date or
 if such date falls on a day other than a Business Day or on which trading
&rdquo;)
 the next date that is not a Holiday.

(d)
&rdquo; means any rights
 warrants or options
to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(e)
&rdquo; means on any particular
date (a) the last closing bid price per share of the Common Stock on such date on the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national
stock exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed
 or if there is no such price on such date
 then the closing bid price
on such exchange or quotation system on the date nearest preceding such date
 or (b) if the Common Stock is not listed then on
the OTC Bulletin Board or any registered national stock exchange
 the last closing bid price for a share of Common Stock in the
over-the-counter market
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices) at the close of business on such date
 or (c) if the Common Stock is not then reported by
the OTC Bulletin Board or by Pink OTC Markets Inc. (or similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices)
 then the average of the &ldquo;Pink Sheet&rdquo; quotes for the five (5) Trading Days preceding such date of determination
or (d) if the Common Stock is not then publicly traded the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by the Board.

(f)
&rdquo; means an individual
 a limited liability
company
 a partnership
 a joint venture
 a corporation
 a trust
 an unincorporated organization
 any other entity or a government
or any department or agency thereof.

(g)


(h)
&rdquo; means any day on which the Common
Stock is traded on the Principal Market
 or
 if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock
then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded
 provided that &ldquo;Trading
Day&rdquo; shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than
4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market
(or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market
 then during
the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m.
 New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF




    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP Inc.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    
    


EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc.

The
&rdquo;)
of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
&rdquo;)
 evidenced by Placement Agent Warrant to
&rdquo;). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the
Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

2.
. The Company shall deliver to Holder
 or its designee or agent as specified below
 __________
Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder
 or for its benefit
 to the following
address:











    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Registered
    Holder

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


EXHIBIT
B



The
Company hereby acknowledges this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares
of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated ______________
 from the Company and acknowledged and
agreed to by _______________.




    
    
    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP Inc

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
















     



WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.

Void

 



Warrant
    No. 2013-CN_
Date

 


This
certifies that
 for value received
 ____________________________
&rdquo;)
is entitled
 subject to the terms set forth below
&rdquo;)
a Delaware corporation
 _____________ (______) (being an amount equal to 100% x the &ldquo;Principal Amount&rdquo; of the related
Senior Subordinated Promissory Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement &ndash; as defined below &ndash;
 divided by the
&rdquo;)
 upon surrender hereof
 at the principal
office of the Company referred to below and simultaneous payment therefor in lawful money of the United States or otherwise as
hereinafter provided
&rdquo;) is
issued pursuant to the &ldquo;Senior Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement&rdquo; dated as of August 29
2012
&rdquo;). The
number
&rdquo;) are subject to adjustment
as provided below. The term &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo; as used herein shall include this Warrant and any warrants delivered in substitution
or exchange therefor as provided herein.

1.
. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein
 this Warrant shall be exercisable
 in whole
or in part
 during the term commencing on the Date of Issuance
 and ending at the sooner of: (i) the sale
 conveyance or disposal
of all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s property
 assets or business or the Company&rsquo;s merger with or into or
consolidation with any other corporation
 limited liability company or other entity (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company) or any other transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power
&rdquo;)
 that (A) this Section 1(i) shall not
apply to a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company or to an equity financing in which
the Company is the surviving corporation
 and (B) a majority of the number of shares for which the Warrants are exercisable vote
to approve the Change of Control
 and (ii) 5:00 p.m.
 Eastern Time on the third anniversary of the Date of Issuance
 and shall
be void thereafter. For the avoidance of doubt
 the Warrants shall not automatically expire upon the closing of a Pubco Transaction
(as defined in the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation) or a Qualified Initial Public Offering (as
defined in the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation).

2.
. The Exercise Price per share of Common Stock at which this Warrant may be exercised shall be equal
&rdquo;). If the
Exercise Price is adjusted
 then the number of Shares issuable pursuant to this Warrant shall be appropriately adjusted
 using
the formula set forth in Section 1 hereof.


    
    


3.


(a)
The purchase rights represented by this Warrant are exercisable by the Holder in whole or in part
 at any time
 or from time to
time
 by the surrender of this Warrant and the Notice of Exercise annexed hereto duly completed and executed on behalf of the
Holder
 at the office of the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to
the Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
 upon payment in cash or by check acceptable to
the Company.

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein
 upon exercise of this Warrant
 the Holder may
 at the Holder&rsquo;s
election
 either (i) exercise this Warrant by paying to the Company an amount equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares
being purchased or (ii) receive Shares equal to the value (as determined below) of this Warrant
 or the portion thereof being
cancelled
 in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder a number of Shares computed using the following formula:



    
X
    =
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
X
    = the number of Shares to be issued to the Holder

    
    
    

    
    
Y
    = the total number of Shares for which this Warrant is being exercised

    
    
    

    
    
A
    = the Current Fair Market Value of one Share

    
    
    

    
    
B
    = the Exercise Price then in effect



As
used herein
 Current Fair Market Value of one Share shall mean
 as of any particular date: (a) the volume weighted average of
the closing sales prices of the Common Stock for such day on all domestic securities exchanges on which the Common Stock may at
the time be listed; (b) if there have been no sales of the Common Stock on any such exchange on any such day
 the average of the
highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock on all such exchanges at the end of such day; (c) if on any such day
the Common Stock is not listed on a domestic securities exchange
 the closing sales price of the Common Stock as quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board
 the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association for such day; or (d) if there have been no
sales of the Common Stock on the OTC Bulletin Board
 the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association on such day
the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 the Pink OTC Markets
or similar quotation system or association at the end of such day; in each case
 averaged over twenty (20) consecutive Business
Days ending on the business day immediately prior to the day as of which &ldquo;Current Fair Market Value&rdquo; is being determined;

 that if the Common Stock is listed on any domestic securities exchange
 the term &ldquo;Business Day&rdquo; as
used in this sentence means Business Days on which such exchange is open for trading. If at any time the Common Stock is not listed
on any domestic securities exchange or quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 the Pink OTC Markets or similar quotation system or association
the &ldquo;Current Fair Market Value&rdquo; of the Common Stock shall be the fair market value per share as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Company
 unless the Holder shall purchase such shares in conjunction with an underwritten

Act
 in which case the Current Fair Market Value shall be the price at which the Common Stock is sold to the public
in such offering.


    
    


(c)
This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised immediately prior to the close of business on the date of its surrender for
exercise as provided above
 and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise shall be
treated for all purposes as the holder of record of such shares as of the close of business on such date. As promptly as practicable
on or after such date
 the Company at its expense shall issue and deliver to the person or persons entitled to receive the same
a certificate or certificates for the number of shares issuable upon such exercise. In the event that this Warrant is exercised
in part
 the Company at its expense will execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor exercisable for the number of shares
for which this Warrant may then be exercised.

4.
. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon
the exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled
 the Company shall
make a cash payment equal to the Exercise Price multiplied by such fraction.

5.
. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss
 theft
 destruction
or mutilation of this Warrant and
 in the case of loss
 theft
 or destruction
 on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Company or
 in the case of mutilation
 on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant
the Company at its expense shall execute and deliver
 in lieu of this Warrant
 a new warrant of like tenor and amount.

6.
. Until the Holder exercises this Warrant and the Company issues the Holder Shares purchasable
upon the exercise hereof
 as provided herein
 The Holder shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder
of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company that may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose
nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder
 as such
 any of the rights of a shareholder of the
Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof
or to give or withhold consent or assert dissenter&rsquo;s rights with respect to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization
issuance of stock
 reclassification of stock
 change of par value
 or change of stock to no par value
 consolidation
 merger
conveyance
 or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings
 or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise.


    
    


7.


(a)
&rdquo;) containing the names
and addresses of the Holder. The Holder may change his address as shown on the Warrant Register by written notice to the Company
requesting such change. Any notice or written communication required or permitted to be given to the Holder may be delivered or
given by mail to the Holder as shown on the Warrant Register and at the address shown on the Warrant Register. Until this Warrant
is transferred on the Warrant Register
 the Company may treat the Holder as shown on the Warrant Register as the absolute owner
of this Warrant for all purposes
 notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.

(b)
. The Company may
 by written notice to the Holder
 appoint an agent for the purpose of maintaining the Warrant
Register referred to in Section 7(a) above
 issuing the Common Stock or other securities then issuable upon the exercise of this
Warrant
 exchanging this Warrant
 replacing this Warrant
 or any or all of the foregoing. Thereafter
 any such registration
 issuance
exchange
 or replacement
 as the case may be
 shall be made at the office of such agent.

(c)
. This Warrant may not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part without
compliance with the terms of this Warrant and all applicable federal and state securities laws by the transferor and the transferee
(including the delivery of investment representation letters reasonably satisfactory to the Company
 if such are requested by
the Company).

(d)


(i)
The Holder understands that the Warrant and the Shares are characterized as &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; under the 1933
Act inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering
 and that under the
1933 Act and applicable regulations thereunder
 such securities may be resold without registration under the 1933 Act only in
certain limited circumstances. In this connection
 the Holder represents that it is familiar with SEC Rule 144
 as presently in
effect
 and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the 1933 Act. The Holder understands that the Company is
under no obligation to register any of the securities sold hereunder except as provided in Section&nbsp;11 hereof. The Holder
understands that no public market now exists for this Warrant or the Shares and that it is uncertain whether a public market will
ever exist for this Warrant or the Shares.

(ii)
This Warrant and all certificates for the Shares issued upon exercise hereof shall be stamped or imprinted with a legend in substantially
the following form (in addition to any legend required by state securities laws):

&ldquo;THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. THE SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OFFERED
FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SHARES UNDER SUCH ACT
 (B) A &ldquo;NO ACTION&rdquo;
LETTER OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SALE OR OFFER OR (C) SATISFACTORY ASSURANCES TO THE CORPORATION
THAT REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT IS NOT REQUIRED WITH RESPECT TO SUCH SALE OR OFFER.&rdquo;


    
    


(e)


(i)
. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws
 this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including
without limitation
 any registration rights) are transferable
 in whole or in part
 upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal
office of the Company or its designated agent
 together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached
hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making
of such transfer. Upon such surrender and
 if required
 such payment
 the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees
 as applicable
 and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment
 and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned
 and this
Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant
 if properly assigned in accordance herewith
 may be exercised by a new holder
for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

(ii)
. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company
 together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued
signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 7(e)(i)
 as to any transfer which may be involved
in such division or combination
 the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or
Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated
the initial exercise date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.

(f)


(i)
In connection with any underwritten public offering by the Company of its equity securities pursuant to an effective registration
statement filed under the 1933 Act
 including the Company's initial public offering
 the Holder shall not sell
 make any short
sale of
 loan
 hypothecate
 pledge
 grant any option for the purchase of
 or otherwise dispose or transfer for value or otherwise
agree to engage in any of the foregoing transactions with respect to
 any shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof
&rdquo;)
shall be in effect for such period of time from and after the effective date of the final prospectus for the offering as may be
requested by the Company or such underwriters. In no event
 however
 shall such period exceed one hundred eighty (180) days
 and
the Market Stand-Off shall in all events terminate two (2) years after the effective date of the Company's initial public offering.

(ii)
The Holder shall be subject to the Market Stand-Off only if the officers and directors of the Company are also subject to similar
restrictions.

(iii)
Any new
 substituted or additional securities which are by reason of any recapitalization or reorganization of the Company distributed
with respect to the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof shall be immediately subject to the Market standoff
to the same extent the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof are at such time covered by such provisions.


    
    


(iv)
In order to enforce the Market Stand-Off
 the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the shares of Common
Stock to be issued upon exercise hereof until the end of the applicable stand-off period.

(g)
Any entity to whom the Holder transfers any right to purchase the Shares pursuant to this Warrant or any of the Shares issuable
upon the exercise of such right shall become a &ldquo;Holder&rdquo; for purposes of this Section 7.

8.
. The Company covenants that during the term this Warrant is exercisable
 the Company will reserve
from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the
exercise of this Warrant and
 from time to time
 will take all steps necessary to amend its Amended and Restated Certificate of
&rdquo;) as the same may be amended from time to time to provide sufficient reserves
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. The Company further covenants that all shares that may be issued
upon the exercise of rights represented by this Warrant
 upon exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant and payment of
the Exercise Price
 all as set forth herein
 will be free from all taxes
 liens
 and charges in respect of the issue thereof (other
than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously or otherwise specified herein). The Company agrees that its
issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates
to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

9.


(a)
Any term of the Warrants
 including this Warrant
 may be amended
 and any waiver of any term of the Warrants may be granted
 with
the written consent of the Company and the holders of Warrants exercisable for at least a majority of the shares of Common Stock
for which all Warrants are exercisable. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 9 shall be binding upon
the Holder and each future holder of the Warrant and the Company
 notwithstanding the fact that the Holder or such future holder
did not consent to such amendment or waiver.

(b)
No waivers of or exceptions to any term
 condition or provision of the Warrants
 in any one or more instances
 shall be deemed
to be
 or construed as
 a further or continuing waiver of any such term
 condition or provision.

10.
. The Exercise Price and the number of shares purchasable hereunder are subject to adjustment from time
to time as follows:

(a)

 etc
 or any portion thereof
 remains outstanding and unexpired
shall
 by reclassification of securities or otherwise
 change any of the securities as to which purchase rights under this Warrant
exist into the same or a different number of securities of any other class or classes
 this Warrant shall thereafter represent
the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect
to the securities which were subject to the purchase rights under this Warrant immediately prior to such reclassification or other
change and the Exercise Price therefor shall be appropriately adjusted
 all subject to further adjustment as provided in this
Section 10.


    
    


(b)

 Subdivision or Combination of Shares
 or any portion thereof
 remains
outstanding and unexpired shall split
 subdivide or combine the securities as to which purchase rights under this Warrant exist
into a different number of securities of the same class
 the Exercise Price for such securities shall be proportionately decreased
in the case of a split or subdivision or proportionately increased in the case of a combination.

(c)
. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment pursuant to this Section 10
 the
Company at its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish
to each holder of this Warrant a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon
which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company shall
 upon the written request
 at any time
 of any such holder
furnish or cause to be furnished to such holder a like certificate setting forth: (i) such adjustments and readjustments; (ii)
the Exercise Price at the time in effect; and (iii) the number of shares and the amount
 if any
 of other property which at the
time would be received upon the exercise of the Warrant.

13.


(a)
. The Holder hereby agrees to take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents
the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed
on either the Holder or the shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise hereof pursuant to the provisions of this Warrant.

(b)
. This Warrant shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
 the laws of the State of New York without
resort to that State's conflict-of-laws rules.

(c)
. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
 and be binding upon
 the Company
and its successors and assigns and upon the Holder
 the Holder's permitted assigns and the legal representatives
 heirs and legatees
of the Holder's estate
 whether or not any such person shall have become a party to this Warrant and have agreed in writing to
join herein and be bound by the terms hereof.

(d)

 Theft
 Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant
satisfactory to it of the loss
 theft
 destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares
 and in case of loss
 theft or destruction
 of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which
 in the case
of the Warrant
 shall not include the posting of any bond)
 and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate
if mutilated
 the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.


    
    


(e)
. All questions concerning the construction
 validity
 enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(f)
. Any notice
 request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company
shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(g)
. No provision hereof
 in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Shares
 and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder
 shall give rise to any liability of the
Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company
 whether such liability is asserted by the
Company or by creditors of the Company.

(h)
. The Holder
 in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law
 including recovery of damages
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not
be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees
to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(Signatures
appear on the following page.)


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 Barfresh Food Group Inc. has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized.

Dated

 



    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Arnold
    Tinter

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    


NOTICE
OF EXERCISE





(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 pursuant to the terms
of the attached Warrant.



    
    
Such
    exercise is made pursuant to Section 1(a) and the undersigned herewith makes payment of the Warrant Price for such shares
    in full in the amount of $___________.

    
    
    

    
    
Such
    exercise is made pursuant to Section 1(b) and no cash is being paid herewith.


(2)
In exercising this Warrant
 the undersigned hereby confirms and acknowledges that the shares of Common Stock have not been registered
under the Securities Act of 1933
&rdquo;)
 and are restricted securities under the 1933
Act and that the undersigned will not offer
 sell
 or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Common Stock except under circumstances
that will not result in a violation of the 1933 Act or any state securities laws.

(3)
Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such
other name as is specified below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


(4)
Please issue a new Warrant for the unexercised portion of the attached Warrant in the name of the undersigned or in such other
name as is specified below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
















     




BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.
2014
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1.
 The Barfresh Food Group Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan has two complementary purposes: (a) to attract and
retain outstanding individuals to serve as officers
 employees
 directors
 consultants and advisors to the Company and its Affiliates
and (b) to increase stockholder value. The Plan will provide participants with incentives to increase stockholder value by offering
the opportunity to acquire shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock or receive monetary payments based on the value of such
Common Stock
 on the potentially favorable terms that this Plan provides.

2.
 The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board of Directors of the Company
 subject
to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months of the effective date. Any Awards granted under the Plan
prior to such stockholder approval shall be conditioned on such approval.

3.


(a)
&ldquo;Affiliate&rdquo; means any entity that
 directly or through one or more intermediaries
 is controlled by
 controls
 or
is under common control with
 the Company within the meaning of Code Sections 414(b) or (c)
 provided that
 in applying such provisions
the phrase &ldquo;at least fifty percent (50%)&rdquo; shall be used in place of &ldquo;at least eighty percent (80%)&rdquo; each
place it appears therein.

(b)
&ldquo;Award&rdquo; means a grant of Options (as defined below)
 Stock Appreciation Rights (as defined in Section 3(w) hereof)
Performance Shares (as defined in Section 3(p) hereof)
 Restricted Stock (as defined in Section 3(s) hereof)
 or Restricted Stock
Units (as defined in Section 3(t) hereof).

(c)
&ldquo;Bankruptcy&rdquo; shall mean (i) the filing of a voluntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law
 or a petition
for the appointment of a receiver or the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors
 with respect to the Participant
or (ii) the Participant being subjected involuntarily to such a petition or assignment or to an attachment or other legal or equitable
interest with respect to the Participant&rsquo;s assets
 which involuntary petition or assignment or attachment is not discharged
within 60 days after its date
 and (iii) the Participant being subject to a transfer of its Issued Shares by operation of law
(including by divorce
 even if not insolvent)
 except by reason of death.

(d)
&ldquo;Board&rdquo; means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(e)
&ldquo;Change of Control&rdquo; shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day that any one or more of the following conditions
is satisfied
 including
 but not limited to
 the signing of documents by all parties and approval by all regulatory agencies
if required:

(i)
The stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(ii)
The consummation of (A) an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets (other
than to an Excluded Person (as defined below))
 or (B) a merger
 consolidation or reorganization of the Company with or involving
any other corporation
 other than a merger
 consolidation or reorganization that would result in the holders of voting securities
of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to hold (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted
into voting securities of the surviving entity)
 at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of the Company (or such other surviving entity) outstanding immediately after such merger
 consolidation or reorganization.


    
    


An
Excluded Person means: (i) the Company or any of its Affiliates
 (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates
 (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to
an offering of such securities or (iv) a corporation owned
 directly or indirectly
 by the stockholders of the Company in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of stock in the Company.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 with respect to an Award that is considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A
 if the definition
of &ldquo;Change of Control&rdquo; results in the payment of such Award
 then such definition shall be amended to the minimum
extent necessary
 if at all
 so that the definition satisfies the requirements of a change of control under Code Section 409A.

(f)
&ldquo;Code&rdquo; means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. Any reference to a specific provision of the Code includes
any successor provision and the regulations promulgated under such provision.

(g)
&ldquo;Committee&rdquo; means the Compensation Committee of the Board (or a successor committee with similar authority) or if
no such committee is named by the Board
 than it shall mean the Board.

(h)
&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo; means the Common Stock of the Company
 par value $0.001 per share.

(i)
&ldquo;Company&rdquo; means Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 or any successor thereto.

(j)
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo; means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended from time to time. Any reference to a specific
provision of the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any successor provision thereto.

(k)
&ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; means
 per Share on a particular date
 the value as determined by the Committee using a reasonable
valuation method within the meaning of Code Section 409A
 based on all information in the Company&rsquo;s possession at such time
or if applicable
 the value as determined by an independent appraiser selected by the Board or Committee.

(l)
&ldquo;Issued Shares&rdquo; means
 collectively
 all outstanding Shares issued pursuant to an Award and all Option Shares.

(m)
&ldquo;Option&rdquo; means the right to purchase Shares at a stated price upon and during a specified time. &ldquo;Options&rdquo;
may either be &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; which meet the requirements of Code Section 422
 or &ldquo;nonqualified stock
options&rdquo; which do not meet the requirements of Code Section 422.


    
    


(n)
&ldquo;Option Shares&rdquo; means outstanding Shares that were issued to a Participant upon the exercise of an Option.

(o)
&ldquo;Participant&rdquo; means an officer or other employee of the Company or its Affiliates
 or an individual that the Company
or an Affiliate has engaged to become an officer or employee
 or a consultant or advisor who provides services to the Company
or its Affiliates
 including a non-employee director of the Board
 whom the Committee designates to receive an Award.

(p)
&ldquo;Performance Shares&rdquo; means the right to receive Shares to the extent the Company
 Subsidiary
 Affiliate or other business
unit and/or Participant achieves certain goals that the Committee establishes over a period of time the Committee designates.

(q)
&ldquo;Permitted Transferee&rdquo; means
 in connection with a transfer made for bona fide estate planning purposes
 either during
a Participant&rsquo;s lifetime or on death by will or intestacy
 to his or her spouse
 child (natural or adopted)
 or any other
direct lineal descendant of such Participant (or his or her spouse) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to as &ldquo;family
members&rdquo;)
 or any other relative approved unanimously by the Board of Directors of the Company
 or any custodian or trustee
of any trust
 partnership or limited liability company for the benefit of
 or the ownership interests of which are owned wholly
by
 such Participant or any such family members.

(r)
&ldquo;Plan&rdquo; means this Barfresh Food Group Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended from time to time.

(s)
&ldquo;Restricted Stock&rdquo; means Shares that are subject to a risk of forfeiture and/or restrictions on transfer (including
but not limited to stock grants with the recipient having the right to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code)
 which
may lapse upon the achievement or partial achievement of performance goals during a specified period and/or upon the completion
of a period of service or upon the occurrence of other events
 as determined by the Committee.

(t)
&ldquo;Restricted Stock Unit&rdquo; means the right to receive a Share
 or a cash payment
 the amount of which is equal to the
Fair Market Value of a Share
 which is subject to a risk of forfeiture which may lapse upon the achievement or partial achievement
of performance goals during a specified period and/or upon the completion of a period of service or upon the occurrence of other
events
 as determined by the Committee.

(u)
&ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo; means the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(v)
&ldquo;Share&rdquo; means a share of Common Stock.

(w)
&ldquo;Stock Appreciation Right&rdquo; or &ldquo;SAR&rdquo; means the right of a Participant to receive cash
 and/or Shares with
a Fair Market Value
 equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share over the grant price.

(x)
&ldquo;Subsidiary&rdquo; means any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the
corporations (other than the last corporation in the chain) owns stock possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined
voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in the chain.


    
    


(y)
&ldquo;10% Owner-Employee&rdquo; means an employee who
 at the time an incentive stock option is granted
 owns (directly or indirectly
within the meaning of Code Section 424(d)) more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock
of the Company or of any Subsidiary.

4.


(a)
. The Committee has full authority to administer this Plan
 including the authority to (i) interpret
the provisions of this Plan
 (ii) prescribe
 amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan
 (iii) correct any
defect
 supply any omission
 or reconcile any inconsistency in any Award or agreement covering an Award in the manner and to the
extent it deems desirable to carry this Plan into effect
 and (iv) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the
administration of this Plan. All actions or determinations of the Committee are made in its sole discretion and will be final
and binding on any person with an interest therein. If at any time the Committee is not in existence
 the Board shall administer
the Plan and references to the Committee in the Plan shall mean the Board.

(b)
. To the extent applicable law permits
 the Board may delegate to another committee
of the Board or to one or more officers of the Company
 or the Committee may delegate to a sub-committee
 any or all of the authority
and responsibility of the Committee. If the Board or Committee has made such a delegation
 then all references to the Committee
in this Plan include such committee
 sub-committee or one or more officers to the extent of such delegation.

(c)
. No member of the Committee
 and no individual or officer to whom a delegation under subsection (b) has been
made
 will be liable for any act done
 or determination made
 by the individual in good faith with respect to the Plan or any
Award. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless such individual to the maximum extent that the law and the Company&rsquo;s
bylaws permit.

5.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee has full power and authority to: (a)
designate from time to time the Participants to receive Awards under this Plan; (b) determine the type or types of Awards to be
granted to each Participant; (c) determine the number of Shares with respect to which an Award relates; and (d) determine any
terms and conditions of any Award including but not limited to permitting the delivery to the Company of Shares or the relinquishment
of an appropriate number of vested Shares under an exercisable Option in satisfaction of part of all of the exercise price of
or withholding taxes with respect to
 an Award. Awards may be granted either alone or in addition to
 in tandem with
 or in substitution
for any other Award (or any other award granted under another plan of the Company or any Affiliate). The Committee&rsquo;s designation
of a Participant in any year will not require the Committee to designate such person to receive an Award in any other year.


    
    


6.


(a)
. An aggregate of nine million (9
000
000) Shares are reserved for issuance under this Plan
 all of which may
be issued as any form of Award.

(b)
. If an Award lapses
 expires
 terminates or is cancelled without the issuance of
Shares or payment of cash under the Award
 then the Shares subject to or reserved for in respect of such Award
 or the Shares
to which such Award relates
 may again be used for new Awards as determined under subsection (a)
 including issuance pursuant
to incentive stock options. If Shares are delivered to (or withheld by) the Company in payment of the exercise price or withholding
taxes of an Award
 then such Shares may be used for new Awards under this Plan as determined under subsection (a)
 including issuance
pursuant to incentive stock options. If Shares are issued under any Award and the Company subsequently reacquires them pursuant
to rights reserved upon the issuance of the Shares
 then such Shares may be used for new Awards under this Plan as determined
under subsection (a)
 but excluding issuance pursuant to incentive stock options.

7.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine all terms and conditions of each Option
 including
but not limited to:

(a)
Whether the Option is an incentive stock option or a nonqualified stock option; provided that in the case of an incentive stock
option
 if the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of the Shares with respect to which such option and
all other incentive stock options issued under this Plan (and under all other incentive stock option plans of the Company or any
Affiliate that is required to be included under Code Section 422) are first exercisable by the Participant during any calendar
year exceeds $100
000
 such Option automatically shall be treated as a nonqualified stock option to the extent this limit is exceeded.
Only employees of the Company or a Subsidiary are eligible to be granted incentive stock options;

(b)
The number of Shares subject to the Option;

(c)
The exercise price per Share
 which may not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share as determined on the date of grant;
provided that an incentive stock option granted to a 10% Owner-Employee must have an exercise price that is at least one hundred
ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant;

(d)
The terms and conditions of exercise; and

(e)
The termination date
 except that each Option must terminate no later than the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of grant and
each incentive stock option granted to any 10% Owner-Employee must terminate no later than the fifth (5th) anniversary of the
date of grant.

In
all other respects
 the terms of any incentive stock option should comply with the provisions of Code Section 422 except to the
extent the Committee determines otherwise.

8.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine all terms and conditions
of each SAR
 including but not limited to:

(a)
The number of Shares to which the SAR relates;


    
    


(b)
The grant price
 provided that the grant price shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the SAR as
determined on the date of grant;

(c)
The terms and conditions of exercise or maturity;

(d)
The term
 provided that an SAR must terminate no later than the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of grant; and

(e)
Whether the SAR will be settled in cash
 Shares or a combination thereof.

9.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine all terms and conditions
of each Performance Share Award
 including but not limited to:

(a)
The number of Shares to which the Performance Share Award relates;

(b)
The terms and conditions of each Award
 including
 without limitation
 the selection of the performance goals that must be achieved
for the Participant to realize all or a portion of the benefit provided under the Award; and

(c)
Whether all or a portion of the Shares subject to the Award will be issued to the Participant
 without regard to whether the performance
goals have been attained
 in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death
 disability
 retirement or other circumstance.

10.
. Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine
all terms and conditions of each award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units
 including but not limited to:

(a)
The number of Shares or Restricted Stock Units to which such Award relates;

(b)
The period of time over which
 and/or the criteria or conditions that must be satisfied so that
 the risk of forfeiture and/or
restrictions on transfer imposed on the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units will lapse;

(c)
Whether all or a portion of the Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units will be released from a right of repurchase and/or
be paid to the Participant in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death
 disability
 retirement or other circumstance;

(d)
With respect to awards of Restricted Stock
 the manner of registration of certificates for such Shares
 and whether to hold such
Shares in escrow pending lapse of the risk of forfeiture
 right of repurchase and/or restrictions on transfer or to issue such
Shares with an appropriate legend referring to such restrictions;

(e)
With respect to awards of Restricted Stock
 whether dividends paid with respect to such Shares will be immediately paid or held
in escrow or otherwise deferred and whether such dividends shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the Award to which
they relate; and


    
    


(f)
With respect to awards of Restricted Stock Units
 whether to credit dividend equivalent units equal to the amount of dividends
paid on a Share and whether such dividend equivalent units shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the Award to which
they relate.

11.
. Except as set forth in Section 15 hereof
 each award granted under this plan is not transferable other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 or to a revocable trust
 or as permitted by Rule 701 of the Securities Act.

12.


(a)
. Subject to the right of the Board or Committee to terminate the Plan earlier pursuant to Section 12(b)
 the Plan
shall terminate on
 and no Awards may be granted after the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Plan&rsquo;s effective date.

(b)
. The Board or Committee may amend
 alter
 suspend
 discontinue or terminate this Plan at any
time
 provided that:

(i)
the Board must approve any amendment of this Plan to the extent the Company determines such approval is required by: (a) action
of the Board
 (b) applicable corporate law
 or (c) any other applicable law or rule of a self-regulatory organization;

(ii)
stockholders must approve any of the following Plan amendments: (a) an amendment to materially increase any number of Shares specified
in Section 6(a) (except as permitted by Section 14(a)) or expand the class of individuals eligible to receive an Award to the
extent required by the Code
 the Company&rsquo;s bylaws or any other applicable law
 (b) any other amendment if required by applicable
law or the rules of any self-regulatory organization
 or (c) an amendment that would diminish the protections afforded by Section
12(e); provided
 that such stockholder approval may be obtained within 12 months of the approval of such amendment by the Board
or Committee.

(c)

 Modification or Cancellation of Awards
of this Plan
 the Committee may modify or amend an Award or waive any restrictions or conditions applicable to an Award (including
relating to the exercise
 vesting or payment thereof)
 and the Committee may modify the terms and conditions applicable to any
Award (including the terms of the Plan)
 and the Committee may cancel any Award
 provided that the Participant (or any other person
as may then have an interest in such Award as a result of the Participant&rsquo;s death or the transfer of an Award) must consent
in writing if any such action would adversely affect the rights of the Participant (or other interested party) under such Award.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Committee need not obtain Participant (or other interested party) consent for the amendment
modification or cancellation of an Award pursuant to the provisions of Section 14(a)
 or the amendment or modification of an Award
to the extent deemed necessary to comply with any applicable law
 the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange
or market on which the Shares are then traded
 or to preserve favorable accounting treatment of any Award for the Company.

(d)
. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the authority of the Committee to administer
this Plan and modify or amend an Award
 and the authority of the Board or Committee to amend this Plan
 shall extend beyond the
date of this Plan&rsquo;s termination. In addition
 termination of this Plan will not affect the rights of Participants with respect
to Awards previously granted to them
 and all unexpired Awards will continue in full force and effect after termination of this
Plan except as they may lapse or be terminated by their own terms and conditions.


    
    


(e)
. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary
 neither the Committee nor any other person
may decrease the exercise price of any Option or the grant price of any SAR nor take any action that would result in a deemed
decrease of the exercise price or grant price of an Option or SAR under Code Section 409A
 after the date of grant
 except in
accordance with Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) of the Treasury Regulations (26 C.F.R.)
 or in connection with a transaction which
is considered the grant of a new Option or SAR for purposes of Section 409A of the Code
 provided that the new exercise price
or grant price is not less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the new grant date.

(f)
. To assure the viability of Awards granted to Participants employed or residing in foreign countries
the Committee may provide for such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local
law
 tax policy or custom. Moreover
 the Committee may approve such supplements to
 or amendments
 restatements or alternative
versions of this Plan as it determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment
 restatement or alternative
versions that the Committee approves for purposes of using this Plan in a foreign country will not affect the terms of this Plan
for any other country.

13.


(a)
. In the event the Company or any Affiliate is required to withhold any foreign
 Federal
 state or local taxes
or other amounts in respect of any income recognized by a Participant as a result of the grant
 vesting
 payment or settlement
of an Award or disposition of any Shares acquired under an Award
 the Company may deduct (or require an Affiliate to deduct) from
any payments of any kind otherwise due the Participant cash
 or with the consent of the Committee
 Shares otherwise deliverable
or vesting under an Award
 to satisfy such tax obligations. Alternatively
 the Company may require such Participant to pay to
the Company
 in cash
 promptly on demand
 or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment to the
Company of the aggregate amount of any such taxes and other amounts required to be withheld. If Shares are deliverable upon exercise
or payment of an Award
 the Committee may permit a Participant to satisfy all or a portion of the foreign
 Federal
 state and
local withholding tax obligations arising in connection with such Award by electing to (a) have the Company withhold Shares otherwise
issuable under the Award
 (b) tender back Shares received in connection with such Award
 or (c) deliver other previously owned
Shares; provided that the amount to be withheld may not exceed the total minimum foreign
 federal
 state and local tax withholding
obligations associated with the transaction to the extent needed for the Company to avoid an accounting charge. If an election
is provided
 the election must be made on or before the date as of which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined and otherwise
as the Company requires. In any case
 the Company may defer making payment or delivery under any Award if any such tax may be
pending unless and until indemnified to its satisfaction.

(b)
. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan
 the Company does not guarantee to any Participant
or any other person with an interest in an Award that any Award intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A shall be so exempt
nor that any Award intended to comply with Code Section 409A shall so comply
 nor that any Award designated as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Code Section 422 qualifies as such
 and neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall indemnify
 defend
or hold harmless any individual with respect to the tax consequences of any such failure.


    
    


14.


(a)
. If (i) the Company shall at any time be involved in a merger or other transaction in which the Shares
are changed or exchanged; (ii) the Company shall subdivide or combine the Shares or the Company shall declare a dividend payable
in Shares
 other securities or other property; (iii) the Company shall effect a cash dividend the amount of which
 on a per Share
basis
 exceeds ten percent (10%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share at the time the dividend is declared
 or the Company shall
effect any other dividend or other distribution on the Shares in the form of cash
 or a repurchase of Shares
 that the Committee
determines by resolution is special or extraordinary in nature or that is in connection with a transaction that is a recapitalization
or reorganization involving the Shares; or (iv) any other event shall occur
 which
 in the case of this subsection (iv)
 in the
judgment of the Committee necessitates an adjustment to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits
intended to be made available under this Plan
 then
 in each case
 the Committee shall
 in such manner as it may deem equitable
adjust any or all of: (w) the number and type of Shares subject to this Plan (including the number and type of Shares that may
be issued pursuant to incentive stock options)
 (x) the number and type of Shares subject to outstanding Awards
 (y) the grant
purchase
 or exercise price with respect to any Award
 and (z) the performance goals established under any Award.

(i)
In any such case
 the Committee may also make provision for a cash payment
 in an amount determined by the Committee
 to the holder
of an outstanding Award in exchange for the cancellation of all or a portion of the Award (without the consent of the holder of
an Award)
 effective at such time as the Committee specifies (which may be the time such transaction or event is effective); provided
that any such adjustment to an Award that is exempt from Code Section 409A shall be made in a manner that permits the Award to
continue to be so exempt
 and any adjustment to an Award that is subject to Code Section 409A shall be made in a manner that complies
with the provisions thereof. However
 with respect to Awards of incentive stock options
 no such adjustment may be authorized
to the extent that such authority would cause this Plan to violate Code Section 422(b). Further
 the number of Shares subject
to any Award payable or denominated in Shares must always be a whole number.

(ii)
Without limitation
 in the event of any reorganization
 merger
 consolidation
 combination or other similar corporate transaction
or event
 whether or not constituting a Change of Control
 other than any such transaction in which the Company is the continuing
corporation and in which the outstanding Common Stock is not being converted into or exchanged for different securities
 cash
or other property
 or any combination thereof
 the Committee may provide that awards
 without limitation
 will be assumed by the
surviving corporation or its parent
 will have the vesting accelerated or will be cancelled with or without consideration
 in
all cases without the consent of the Participant.


    
    


(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the case of a stock dividend (other than a stock dividend declared in lieu of an ordinary cash
dividend) or subdivision or combination of the Shares (including a reverse stock split)
 adjustments contemplated by this subsection
that are proportionate shall nevertheless automatically be made as of the date of such stock dividend or subdivision or combination
of the Shares.

(b)
. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan
 and without affecting the number of Shares otherwise
reserved or available under this Plan
 in connection with any merger
 consolidation
 acquisition of property or stock
 or reorganization
the Committee may authorize the cancellation
 with or without consideration
 issuance
 assumption or acceleration of vesting of
awards upon such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate
 in all cases without the consent of the Participant.

(c)
. Upon a Change of Control
 the Committee may
 in its discretion
 determine that any or all outstanding
Awards held by Participants who are then in the employ or service of the Company or any Affiliate shall vest or be deemed to have
been earned in full
 and:

(i)
If the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) so agrees
 all outstanding Awards shall be assumed
 or replaced
with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions
 by the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) in
the Change of Control. If applicable
 each Award which is assumed by the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof)
shall be appropriately adjusted
 immediately after such Change of Control
 to apply to the number and class of securities which
would have been issuable to the Participant upon the consummation of such Change of Control had the Award been exercised or vested
immediately prior to such Change of Control
 and such other appropriate adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Award shall
be made.

(ii)
If the provisions of paragraph (i) do not apply
 then all outstanding Awards shall be cancelled as of the date of the Change of
Control and
 at the option of the Committee
 may be exchanged for a payment in cash and/or Shares (which may include shares or
other securities of any surviving or successor entity or the purchasing entity or any parent thereof) equal to:

(1)
In the case of an Option or SAR
 the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of the Change of Control covered
by the vested portion of the Option or SAR that has not been exercised over the exercise or grant price of such Shares under the
Award;

(2)
In the case of Restricted Stock Units
 the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of the Change of Control multiplied by the
number of vested units
 unless otherwise provided in the Award agreement and subject to the repurchase right set forth in Section
15 hereof; and


    
    


(3)
In the case of a Performance Share Award
 the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of the Change of Control multiplied by
the number of earned Shares.

(d)


(i)
Except as may be set forth in a written agreement by and between the Company and the holder of an Award
 in the event that the
Company&rsquo;s auditors determine that any payment or transfer by the Company under the Plan to or for the benefit of a Participant
(a &ldquo;Payment&rdquo;) would be nondeductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of the provisions concerning
&ldquo;excess parachute payments&rdquo; in Code Section 280G
 then the aggregate present value of all Payments shall be reduced
(but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount (defined herein). For purposes of this Section 14(d)
 the &ldquo;Reduced Amount&rdquo;
shall be the amount
 expressed as a present value
 which maximizes the aggregate present value of the Payments without causing
any Payment to be nondeductible by the Company because of Code Section 280G.

(ii)
If the Company&rsquo;s auditors determine that any Payment would be nondeductible by the Company because of Code Section 280G
then the Company shall promptly give the Participant notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof and
of the Reduced Amount
 and the Participant may then elect
 in his or her sole discretion
 which and how much of the Payments shall
be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the Payments equals the Reduced Amount)
and shall advise the Company in writing of his or her election within ten (10) days of receipt of notice. If no such election
is made by the Participant within such ten (10) day period
 then the Company may elect which and how much of the Payments shall
be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the Payments equals the Reduced Amount)
and shall notify the Participant promptly of such election. For purposes of this Section 14(d)
 present value shall be determined
in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(4). All determinations made by the Company&rsquo;s auditors under this Section 14(d) shall
be binding upon the Company and the Participant and shall be made within sixty (60) days of the date when a Payment becomes payable
or transferable. As promptly as practicable following such determination and the elections hereunder
 the Company shall pay or
transfer to or for the benefit of the Participant such amounts as are then due to him or her under the Plan and shall promptly
pay or transfer to or for the benefit of the Participant in the future such amounts as become due to him or her under the Plan.

(iii)
Except to the extent such payment was made in connection with a Change of Control
 as a result of uncertainty in the application
of Code Section 280G at the time of an initial determination by the Company&rsquo;s auditors hereunder
 it is possible that Payments
will have been made by the Company that should not have been made (an &ldquo;Overpayment&rdquo;) or that additional Payments that
will not have been made by the Company could have been made (an &ldquo;Underpayment&rdquo;)
 consistent in each case with the
calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Company&rsquo;s auditors
 based upon the assertion of a deficiency
by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Participant that the auditors believe has a high probability of success
determine that an Overpayment has been made
 such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Participant which
he or she shall repay to the Company
 together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2);
provided
 however
 that no amount shall be payable by the Participant to the Company if and to the extent that such payment would
not reduce the amount subject to taxation under Code Section 4999. In the event that the auditors determine that an Underpayment
has occurred
 such Underpayment shall promptly be paid or transferred by the Company to or for the benefit of the Participant
together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2).


    
    


(iv)
For purposes of this Section 14(d)
 the term &ldquo;Company&rdquo; shall include affiliated corporations to the extent determined
by the auditors in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(5).

15.


(a)
. No Option shall be transferable by the Participant otherwise than by will or by the
laws of descent and distribution and all Options shall be exercisable
 during the Participant&rsquo;s lifetime
 only by the Participant
or by the Participant&rsquo;s legal representative or guardian in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s incapacity. The Participant
may elect to designate a beneficiary by providing written notice of the name of such beneficiary to the Company
 and may revoke
or change such designation at any time by filing written notice of revocation or change with the Company
 and any such beneficiary
may exercise the Participant&rsquo;s Option in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death to the extent provided herein. If the
Participant does not designate a beneficiary
 or if the designated beneficiary predeceases the Participant
 the legal representative
of the Participant may exercise the Option in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death to the extent provided herein. Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 the Committee
 in its sole discretion
 may provide in the Award agreement regarding a given Option that the Participant
may transfer
 without consideration for the transfer
 his or her Options to members of his or her immediate family
 to trusts
for the benefit of such family members
 or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners
 provided that the
transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Option.

(b)
. No Issued Shares shall be sold
 assigned
 transferred
 pledged
 hypothecated
 given away or in any other
manner disposed of or encumbered
 whether voluntarily or by operation of law
 unless such transfer is in compliance with the terms
of the applicable Award
 all applicable securities laws (including
 without limitation
 the Securities Act and the Exchange Act)
and with the terms and conditions of this Section 15. In connection with any proposed transfer
 the Committee may require the
transferor to provide at the transferor&rsquo;s own expense an opinion of counsel to the transferor and the Company
 satisfactory
to the Committee that such transfer is in compliance with all foreign
 federal and state securities laws (including
 without limitation
the Securities Act). Any attempted disposition of Issued Shares not in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Section
15 shall be null and void
 and the Company shall not reflect on its records any change in record ownership of any Issued Shares
as a result of any such disposition
 shall otherwise refuse to recognize any such disposition and shall not in any way give effect
to any such disposition of Issued Shares.


    
    


(c)
. The Company may cause a legend or legends to be put on any certificates for shares to make appropriate references
to any applicable legal restrictions on transfer.

(d)
. If
 as a result of any reorganization
 recapitalization
 reclassification
stock dividend
 stock split
 reverse stock split or other similar change in the outstanding Shares of the Company
 the outstanding
Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 the
restrictions contained in this Section 15 shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities
 if any
 received
by Participant in exchange for
 or by virtue of his or her ownership of
 Issued Shares.

16.


(a)
. The grant of any Award under this Plan may also be subject to other provisions (whether or
not applicable to the Award awarded to any other Participant) as the Committee determines appropriate
 subject to any limitations
imposed in the Plan.

(b)
. The provisions of Code Section 409A are incorporated herein by reference to the extent necessary for
any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to comply therewith.

(c)
. The issuance of an Award shall not confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continued
employment or service with the Company or any Affiliate
 or the right to continue as a consultant or director. Unless determined
otherwise by the Committee
 for purposes of the Plan and all Awards
 the following rules shall apply:

(i)
a Participant who transfers employment between the Company and any Affiliate
 or between Affiliates
 will not be considered to
have terminated employment;

(ii)
a Participant who ceases to be a consultant
 advisor or non-employee director because he or she becomes an employee of the Company
or an Affiliate shall not be considered to have ceased service with respect to any Award until such Participant&rsquo;s termination
of employment with the Company and its Affiliates;

(iii)
a Participant who ceases to be employed by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company and immediately thereafter becomes a non-employee
director of the Company or any Affiliate
 or a consultant to the Company or any Affiliate
 shall not be considered to have terminated
employment until such Participant&rsquo;s service as a director of
 or consultant to
 the Company and its Affiliates has ceased;
and

(iv)
a Participant employed by an Affiliate will be considered to have terminated employment when such entity ceases to be an Affiliate
of the Company.


    
    


Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 with respect to an Award subject to Code Section 409A
 a Participant shall be considered to have terminated employment
(where termination of employment triggers payment of the Award) upon the date of his separation from service within the meaning
of Code Section 409A.

(d)
. No fractional Shares or other securities may be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan
 and the
Committee may determine whether cash
 other securities or other property will be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional
Shares or other securities
 or whether such fractional Shares or other securities or any rights to fractional Shares or other
securities will be canceled
 terminated or otherwise eliminated.

(e)
. This Plan is unfunded and does not create
 and should not be construed to create
 a trust or separate fund
with respect to this Plan&rsquo;s benefits. This Plan does not establish any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any
Participant. To the extent any person holds any rights by virtue of an Award granted under this Plan
 such rights are no greater
than the rights of the Company&rsquo;s general unsecured creditors.

(f)
. The granting of Awards under this Plan and the issuance of Shares in connection with an Award are
subject to all applicable laws
 rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities
exchanges as may be required. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan or any award agreement
 the Company has no liability
to deliver any Shares under this Plan or make any payment unless such delivery or payment would comply with all applicable laws
and the applicable requirements of any securities exchange or similar entity. In such event
 the Company may substitute cash for
any Share(s) otherwise deliverable hereunder without the consent of the Participant or any other person.

(g)
. This Plan
 and all agreements under this Plan
 shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the
laws of the State of New York
 without reference to any conflict of law principles. Any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this Plan
 any Award or any award agreement
 or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Plan
 any
Award or any award agreement
 may only be brought and determined in a court sitting in the State of New York
 New York County.

(h)
. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Plan
 any Award or any Award agreement
 must
be brought within one year (365 days) after the day the complaining party first knew or should have known of the events giving
rise to the complaint.

(i)
. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine
 they shall be construed as though they were used in
the feminine in all cases where they would so apply; and wherever any words are used in the singular or plural
 they shall be
construed as though they were used in the plural or singular
 as the case may be
 in all cases where they would so apply. Titles
of sections are for general information only
 and the Plan is not to be construed with reference to such titles.

(j)
. If any provision of this Plan or any award agreement or any Award (i) is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid
illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
 or as to any person or Award
 or (ii) would disqualify this Plan
 any award agreement
or any Award
 then such provision should be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws
 or if it cannot be so construed
or deemed amended without
 in the determination of the Committee
 materially altering the intent of this Plan
 award agreement
or Award
 then such provision should be stricken as to such jurisdiction
 person or Award
 and the remainder of this Plan
 such
award agreement and such Award will remain in full force and effect.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]


    
    


C
E R T I F I C A T I O N

On
behalf of the Company
 the undersigned hereby certifies that this Barfresh Food Group Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan has been
approved by the Board of Directors and stockholders of the Company as of October __
 2013.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Riccardo Delle
    Coste

    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer/Director




    
    















     








 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 wholly owned subsidiary


 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
 wholly owned subsidiary


    
    














     











 Riccardo Delle Coste
 certify that:


10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;);


 this Annual Report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
Annual Report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this Annual Report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this Annual Report;


certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures(as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the small business issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and


any change in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting; and


certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):


and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    














     











 Arnold Tinter
 certify that:


10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;);


 this Annual Report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
Annual Report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this Annual Report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this Annual Report;


certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the small business issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and


any change in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting; and


certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):


and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Riccardo Delle Coste
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    














     





CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Arnold Tinter
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    












begin 644 logo1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!



M)(J


\G@G@#D=1Z5JE%=OO7^9RR=N





M\


)O$OCB6\U'QQ-X/
M^

M9^'_`


M^TWO
;_`WX(;AN&6D\;M'F-@KJNN@[U9@



M]




M5HF[.44WMLGJ]]EJ]



M:R^;1XC:C)0DTIR=11@VE*3I).JHQ;4FZ2:=5*+=--.HJ::;EHHHI#BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HH_S_G\Q44EQ!`TL\
2EMH

MJ%0L'*AF




M.LTH5X_7


F\WUL%V`$E]QEQM&#EN@Y

L^PB3:J[MAW=.:Y;;M)V2UOIKZ'


M74MUY%K9L+ZLKVYMUB;[0M*_P#P0=_X**MH]MHHU3X3G2-/:\L?#LGQ0\1


$WV3FX)OR39T8;


M&0RRPR.C`CD$

9PG3G


M:7_`$2_X=PS)A_;6LD;#*R(P]592/S!(I2Z#JZCZL!_
U5GV?W/_(F3Y?B



\'ELIPY



I.G/#S

=UW?^';A[6W213))Y

\DH4(Y7]2[
6X8&-!OD228N%V[O

M-9&([

M.A@

3B

M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!^5W_!4;_@H/:?L*_!_2I?#-C::W\8







^HZ/J4.I6

M1VE]I8EU2U#^/^-?VE]5\7?M?W?[3US8B[E'QMTGXA:9X;EN_(MF\

MZOX6\'RE;*^AM[+2_#D=GHMG8S1VUOI^E6\
U_+%%;JLGV7XK_;B_90^($WC

M-1\$7LT4UCX7\2:

M;GXK6FM:UX=U7P3?:I?6.IZ%J?AO[?\`V^-6BO=:ATS2[+2%TO49-7N-2DM8








M=4785Y)2-=DACCW




'SKFH^'[Q#)%&S6M[ILB
M.L?S0[0PK]<_@C_P<1?ML?#5[2S^+.B?#OX]:?FV2YU;2CX0\5&(20\MJGA

M$M4U'1/[&T6YCM&C^T2/XEOH8=.CM4F




:F:S5&
M5+#X_*\NK59U+OV5/
\-F



MC?$G4_&X%NRP
!OVA[;PK\5]&^'


M]MXY(M#F6_43:?28D#2K^J45U;;@ZS1&.8927S%V,Q*A8U8D`LPR0HRQ`)'
M`KZ2C7HXJGSX?6-M$K-VWM))7Y[)MIJ^FV[/Y)S[AOB/A+$T\#Q9E./R+%QP
M^&4:6.P.,P-.I)5JT7*E/%X7TZM*[BE.G4G#WHIRBY1C*_3)/N'ZK_Z$*3S



[!5JI9B6)`
M`506))P%!)X!K$_,!U%,\R,L4#H7#!2NY=P8H9`I7.0Q0%P
E`6`P
TN]./
MG7D$CYAR!C)'/(&1D]!D9ZBE==U]Z_S#?;4=13=Z9`W+EB0HW#)(!8@#/)`!

4%E'5E'U(H`6BDR/4?
MG1D'H0?QH`6BC('4XI
@]#^-`T49'3//I10`444@()P?0$9_*@!:*1F5


$JP'0TKK:ZOVNK_=


MI/-BW

M`#'44FY?4?F*

4K/L_N?^07

]



=13=Z?WU_[Z'O[^Q_(^E+N7U'YBG9







OBU_P`$\O@!J/[-W[*NCZS\
M?_AQX0^./[2NLZ-\!/!6DWEIX8U'Q'KOCF*WTYCI-[;Z?):?CPO/]NFA2.]
MN!J6FSJRVU\A;P:X^G@S]M;]JSPO\)?A/9?LW:Q\$?!]WXE^*GQ'\3?LX?`
UMM3*O<

M&6&X2]:2/1?$E\+._N9IX;`N@!^M^L_LI?#'5/VX/V1/''C7]GSP-\%?A#?_
M`++_`
0/C#\6OA+?:)HDW@G07^#L_P`3(;Y_%HTO^W+#Q#-JTK_#M_$FL6VF
MZW#X@2YM;?3=.FB=KB#X-_X*2Z3\.?#%K^SCX4T+P+\(K'XL7O@2;XF^
?B/

_L\_`+QM-KW@#QY\/M/LO$MSX`
M^.GCKPGIGQ*\


-/%7PX^#E[K7BG6O&_B
M*3P1;_#/Q!-<^+]7\/WQ,OB[_1IK,6]Q;RW(`C\5^*7A#X8?_\`9S_9L^$7



MX
)_BO!H.N-<_$_3M%UOP;




M/8?@:APMC

MJH\6E3FI[\NC7WA6_P#
U6
QV
DDES!?O8QP0VMQ.=LS)#/&M[9W`&`58I$%


MWJA[)-ZU4?C-_P`%#/V

M(;RV35[&TA

ZNM[

'&IK



W&



M.Z.;9D_W/[ZK6PF
J3AA*L:CIRJ/*74G3M6EAVXPC;^PS]CG_@NQ^RM^T7?:




MQ525/^$K_H1^U)_R?S^P(.XB^
V1Z?\`%
6(Y].01^!]*_4FV_C_`
_\M9J_



?+]2_X)^?LV01ZGXEN?&O[7%EX4LD:.UM5_


MTT71(I+C6]7

MZ:6T\+:'_HVAPJAC:\
8

MTT2NVWKT3
\1/#-M0C:3TB_/_AKGYO:W^QOX$DO)+^Q^(7[5EK927'E_V5'^



<Y[5SGPX^(&H^_$%EKJF_


$D8_X7)QTSGV

M

M
OW_`*B%:!UD$C0R(\
R1(7E=)XI8%V!02NR:6*1W&`D2.20N37Y5?\`!4.V
M30=*_8L^


M_P!?=S



UD[`$GV&:_1H`D



MI.I^$KG2_%-SXKU:WTW0-+U@1:;HUCJ/A[BJYG.E6A2BI/FERZ)N][I)63/U
MSASPDI9OP_B\[SG







M/`GP;E&;8/
\-A
;&KQEDM*53


M2K5:\4YN5)*





M_P`.M/V860!?%'[6P(.2?^&Y/VO/?C_DLG7I0O\`P2R_9A7);Q3^UL1@Y_XS

@'!(SQGI0YR`!SN.#CG`(/)QG`Z9



M/QSUFU\8_'W]ER/QSK%IX;TGXLZ+\4?[TG4_B7\,M.UN\TVU\7:3XQE77O
MUMK%OJ*%=*T_4KV']I&&1GNIW#W(R


M:QXOU+QIK.F^$/@_\
/AWIZZ_P#$+XW^//$




MOB+^TW\9=-AA
4=TOQ%\1:#\7?A1\.;34W$EMY6G^&[/7[G2Y(+BRFU-6%RC
M_F__`


`^&E\-?\%7N%_X;/\`V0B=N5!_8B\?X*\#
M+R?\-9X\S.




M1JL=A;16VGPB6;47`N+:RC.Y+B*.0*)E%XG/L
Y89VG&'
G*I3A*;BN66JY(



N?M2)9SIQF2/9*N8QD]*/C;X6N+:VN7TK4=


M.!_PQ9XX'7^+_D[/!'&
8QSU&

MX_



M9^T-^S/H_P`:O@9\5OAMKJ0WEKXM\%ZY9VLDLC13Z5KUO:/J'AK7+2ZMV%_9

'*LE6;:4E3:G=


$FV(L`#N5?FVA@00


'@F#6].DOKO1'MKVS
MS::0U[J5A):]G;4[T



M$Q=VO&?LV?M^`_$&GZ7\-]+_:8\1_%?QQ\(/V*?VZ?$7CW]J7P_P#$PZIX




N1J;I*LHM?NI*ZG?W5%Z;7DG_`-NGY??$


LS'+*.$Q&/PE)4
VPT
7ETE%I_5:M2


;&\M[B]^






MD_'KX(?!KXC:;\

M65ZXM/
F4



(JX15%5I<T$J<(UH8'
(4*U92O1C4PU2=:





^G?#+PUH/@3QSX7^&]OXWC\27WC7Q;8PV-SJ_BSPH=9


MU)/FCNHKEM=2NI/5-N_2UF_VG*
IKXW/
&#6$H3RF=6O2E6<,)5?.Z/Y3_MZ_'O6)/BMX
M9^'.LWVJ#0/$/@*WU@-9+,@O[J.\O].D@N'08DDDLM-MKQXB2Y@:?;Y;(Q_


E4G4C&\J<YMU7%58TY24FU%K4_G
UWXTWGB[P?K7







M3)/NGZ-_Z`U/IC_=/T;_`-!:L7L_1_DS\ME\+_KJC\+O^2+'^PQX)D!!8_
M%W]K

XF



5!8!2I(&0&(4@$C@$@'`Z\&E==U]Z_S%1UJ0:U5]UJMI==OQ*=P@




M^?L1#M_T7CPQ_A_^KO=/^)#U_1G'+X7Z?Y'TA\/?^4HO[=W_`&;Q^PQ_Z4_M
M+5]\@$KA06.[)`Y(`')QZ#O7P1\//^4HO[=__9NW[#/_`*4_M+5]Y.2ICQ((
M6

,=8^#'AWQ!J/A?PI821#6O%RQI%)XLU*RG7R[
M739IVCMIM#LIMRZO`DOV#5K:WETG4YH+&_NI8_+/VT/VL[C5-;A^`?P\\1:I
MX7TSQ'I=TUY\0[_TA$\6:C]L.C6GPXT'6+EKB+2=0\3:U<16IOK*UU*YN(M
M
U#P_)8FVU*_GML#]G37/!OQ$\)6_@OQYH\6D?$2'P_(G@V/3]1O[;5O&
6F
$(=$OY;Z^U)]6TB;2Y]/L+U_%5OX?O[NT\.^(#9<KQ<$I

M+_$&QNOA[XB\

M`1ZO%HNFP:7K^EVNO1:CXC\:\9\)OVP[.YUW2;+6?#TG@CP=::3I.AZOX`U*

UBQOK*\DBN;2:-/U$T6



M&PV'K5\



M2Z7KUFFVUMKJ]DB2?2]05
J;:ZNXA_9%W

S.5KV31/$$&LVRS1R'



3=563?O=$WW\



2RSRP.L?WV$3%00IQ^(OB3XXZ




M-=-UH4K-I.S:3^*/!\7C'0Y=3U?6]`U*XU2]0QVADT?43'I=K.A@%JIE@VR2
M^5(9+BY^]&8RK
-Y%:/AKQ[X]\$?$&T\0Z?:WD4:V7]ARVUX\D=K=6N`$D1)
M]L


(+


`'(STSVX]VA^`D\9WZQXOFN9&_





MKW7^I/\`O)_Z$*L54N9$

MH+

.US]*\0:U&?#W@\H5J





M%\SC)1KXRA@IQE4EB:WL?:1BY03UFGSQ4X[4W?WM'IKK;^DN%L+BN&/#O


I8[

/5Q%.
\15S2


MF`+#!#E@#]T5^5'B70['XE7'P6^%FJ7M[8:9!XF^/'BW4KG3T2VO[F#3_'/B


8
M:YMKFQ#W-O=S

,W0REQM@4/.^25)0O@'-?27A+PSJUWK.DZO
M%;6U_IEIJUI-<01[9=T1WJKLB;O,52=^T@@A2W1<CY.A2IXJ<8U;2JMV3334
M9:N[:;ML][;GZ3QK//\`)LP6PF98_#86K4=&2JT<3134XSE&/[VC23E)13C


M0AXH;8W$]T;@2Q0Q2R.%B\QE]^^#?Q^&_BG5F\&P^+?=_XHTZ;RET6T\2Z



'A)/#%KX66\O_``_J
M-GX?\%MI/]E7UUXBUC4]4N(M2U+^T+BQMQY]A):O--#ZA+2CROE:ORR?NJ




MU[?_`()Y^$=4US]L#X9^
D$OB?P_I7PI^
?B
^-='TOQ7:^#[[Q+J_B./1M5


M]W_@/_M6:O1FG[FG;I_T[AY'POB`T^&O!YK;_4#

M`K]*H[:)B2[+TZ;=X8Y'RL.?E([\#IGKQQ'Q2L[QOASXX31+R/2]7D\*:_'I

U$?B7K_F$4I22=K-VUT7XE7PGH

?%?PR^'_B?5_%+:A?ZWX9
MTR^N[P:99J;F::QLY))TCO[.ZADBFN&N9UN(X]S52DNR1@_:XUL+(#K\J[
MD(RFGZ/&_)!^5K/3K67/'0R



M0(Y;CQW\.'5FW+?ZE(73)!494G(_AW


M:\:COKJ'R8TNI5*M

LL5M+$ZNIMI'1U9C\H(KT6+5H+



MES_P5?(/P:_9UP0?^




7EOK4=A=W




MU'51;SGPE?3^+(M`TG4^K^$OACP/X7NK3Q__`

VT/


M
L1BJ;=2\+8:E[6M%1BIRYOJ]HQC/:*DX_6EG?6






.#5DT





8C/

MV/H5\-/EBY-5



<?M%?M\D]1V#(3Z!E/1AG^D!IFP
@XW`

-_PT)^W9Q]?;K7]&BI(LF]G#
M(3C&1UW9SCZ=ZXJZ?




M$-NLDOV7[1
$


U6[
MEQMQS]=(MM:0%)7AMK`L\Z2YG90_
\RW`R6$TVSR8LXB!\L#)`I_P#9L.GV

M=WCM'NE=
^=:*H
BP02;5:(LRJVP$?$O[4_QW\'^`

M6V(J4





L5U;+
;:9




%I




-@C!X?Q+
&T76@S*/^)1JF
D#_EPN
#)/7GIS_*N'9J^FJWT
MZKO8\JHUR2U6W==UYGG'_!O?_P`H?/V./^P9\9__`%HSXOT4[_@WPY_X(^_L






IP.)

M)-'M+[Q?()I%42);7-O9QP')7(NTFN/)&/WIBEV;MCX\-\)ZS:^'-*\17&LI




MJ+SG^U1WVHZIJ

MX]UYK=HKS3=&&C_$?PUH
4QTN^.EZ'XBGTK3;;5;=4NK;4()-(N+G2].749]
M
L7GAB

MKY



M4;U(K&W+123QMJ]T9E@9WBV2[E`$A'E9K*OAL)B:E=\U2%-RBTN;F?-35E*-





\9:-J]K/97#KINJ!RMIIFYPM\JNJ
(+Y(Y


8C4G=
MYN[!V5]ACLLISPT*E2UHQYN5O5VMHHNS;OT46_(_B;ACQ.QM%^QS.\.?


M$_

TEN9HI
M$Q
U[;6L


M%
LOK5

&IXB$



M\?X_^C9:]2KM'^OL0/DN/$UPKX




M&?B6ZCC=#AD*P^6=K`-MD1L;7!/L
SEF`((XSS_]?Z^G\JW.NDU[.2NK\KTN


M(R!QTJQ@[LX.-N
XXSGI]:@.UBTNX98J!R.P(;_OEE*GC@@@\@@


=


1FB#[?-4-[EJ
TNG:#83VUV;1I[R\@


M?28?AG'.)_!-T^HP7=])+K
FE2(FL)-=6SB2W4SV2O&IB]@\42HMI86\+P.8




GIG_A?7A?BOO'X/VUO!X)MI;9-L









M_B*S6QT.W



O;=HYM-OM/N(G%F]NLUMI]S87HA2^MKPWH;SHXWS?^U?^T?\
M,/V`_@'KGC_2/OANSU2ZU2?2O!/P_TBSN-'3Q1\0-=N;^6+['8Z2D[W%C;[


]?Q%?M]_MT^+?VP?']E

2B235=;U1EL3XCO2/L;







9-25+EL]).]W_2

M8K:SMXI+2`1VL%ILCBN))/*1(

.JW[KM+S..?P2_P`+/YY_
M^%9!_X1$@@@_P#!





M[1L.J6

MIE9-D45Y-(Y41

JV





M%?!Y]7K574IN

M%2BZE2G.
G&
H3]Y.

MUZU;4)YX8RMF[6R*;.W
;2HG[PR;VCC0%68C]


3%RH
V&23)(#O1%R[+&Q`*@FN9T[6/%.F6DD'GP:G9Q2@.9%
M/'E61B9B`RQE]L9;);:P&%R.%UWP7J&O\`BC2?%&OZ[-!H&@J\VAZ3:1R3
M3WLDP,/VB18\HM['),(4EN08H[2:Y<X(4CZ[YS#$+V.'A)UI^[#E3DXR?5J
73/AOK,NJ^+/%$+,-JC3[^S30H-1CS#]MEFU&4:?YOGO#:3RB(K`

G7

#-)YMI
/^)9\9NO'_`#<7\7O6BF_\&^'_
M`A\_8W_`.P5\9O_`%HSXOT5U13Y5H]NS\_(P/VAHHHKI`****`
G6]'T[7M

M7C6UT6/S9E\Q'M[:&2W`$





M0R@WY)^4E?+925/!^I;V\=(FC9E4JLB-(P`1Q(ZM&^T\;F8*JGG);:I)(%8T

&/V9--M?#$<
FN^

MV?WC\`](N;;PK_9]Q=1ZGI7V][FR




M[PS\/]/TV'1=/\6ZVFJV-IKGCQ-/M89Y;JWU&V?$_9+_`&J_VJ?C#\7IOAKX
ME^(GP?T6[\2V\WB#PIXC\-Z3X*^)?@KQ!8:2_E:]X;T3Q#X%UC0M%C\1^$CJ

HN=ZF?865=8.O3;G&;IPGROE;7
KIVL]GM)^
MNQ^9U_HUYQ#A:KQ[ALRX6RW+*F$=?$Y/GV89IB^(J4(RI
88)






N233+O


8C9Y&:)MY9AYFPD;R/U0LV5@P5
ME8A5)L0#)*1D#ID8(]001UKJJII)/I:]M4KTX=5==+;GSWB'&=/ASP=P\W

;E


$??^3#_`'_`&5_]K#_`-:J^






!22

M2
C/7@DC';MZ$9+QPLHR);









^'G'_!47]NO/





&VN8[1]:MEMHV
M6Z\*II/VFW\/VD$6HV3W5M<7EP;&RTSP]X0VOB9INJZ[K]OXK^
5_8GX1_#
MC3'\06$NAMJ





M[/YGTN+XIS[







FHVLEWM\V-OW`75]-58&4

M2CJ)V`VPQR)\PN&(095=W[P9:DDJC=YBY4;%)8`+).?LL4C$GY5@FGCG9CPB


M
C0-0/..

91X

M;5K'5+4K+]OLK[!LV\R%WMPT66MYXXV)%QA&`92M?6CHAY=9&4E=QB:$21%&
%8Q;
M*E]N2XM]1:3[UP\R96*XPZI/$6#*Z
&`*\=';ZS8W]Y?6\B[;2
0A98WW2N)
M%\U1%&




#'+:_P#\)#\5?%=Q\+_AE=RZ7%X?
M
$O`A@T'5/$AO$GQ#%HU[!X.T9&6*5M*$2.EWX@N3+;6UE91N9[:69]




MSALG'.!MZ\5O3KD_-P/4\#.!CD\9]

^+]

M[R?^AK%5[K_`%)_WD_]%5'XEZ_YE1^*'^.'_I43\M_BU_RDX_9+_[)+\7?


.U_\`C4/#VBUWS[C1=/7^M1)@3E@N3@!\?,P5V]

M

M?AMX1\5?M(?%O4[:ZC7798)9=5\/^!?`NEW:?N[J'7M5D5[:+5'&XZ)=10EI

M?
)T\+3QS5*
:]&
8X:I&I2K5'B


M_#^VO;2!=$U75O#VG6]SHOBDW_B;^W]7U.*UN&N;_P`%^'[^*T5H#++%]\_L

MFA:Q=9BUH=%U;PUI\:?:=(F?










<<LSC#8-87AV


M]TS0+.YA.%
&I0L_$L1;W)U'0A*
4VK/X8N2Z:W2:_$_(LLXBR#*\-3PN.PT
MJ]?





-DHLDQ-)&I)6)Q
0$4F
MOS0^
FDM\5_VM/!'@:P$



%O;7FH2IDD@VC`#Y3CZQ+%5*=&-67NT+-IZ-I*UDG








M`+'(2*W^
T;$CIL\+V[RYS_SS!+/Q\B\MC%?J59(L3
`1C9M=L_+NC*A`3TS







M
]!U&*.SNK+3O$.@IH5XUJTP5[K[/XH73K9E#CREDG98MS8+#D#TB]^&GAS0


7B:1


%O

_9BO?OB&V;2Y]/\`?A#



KWRX#H%0YW
MI]L?#S26TO2/%H_9]T7X`R^+WN]+N-0L=&^+WBWQ5HYM_LTRG4O%$MOI;:I;


P`9X[LA\I^[\T'B?


02V$/C:WFO#*5\Z%+/P]X@NB'!YCVR11C+8PQ4'J*ZC&37*]5MW7EYG






9]


MK


MP=+^R\





M@Y7DDW(B%F
;J=H+&.*13#-*%499TADD








M



+T:2O=/3:SOT
MZ&L_ATJ2I-V<:D;\T7%J2E!+5M.*^%-V;Z7M\:_&?X.Z:1-XLTZUE;3[4?6
MM*MPRDVP#&62Q1!NDDCE\IL1AB(_



KE0AY`P0.N/:OE
M

WIX_-*^*J


R/%$`TAB`4F
M:0#E\D?*QW=3@XS3'NG!.01^8^@YX_GQ78ZQ8-&RJD@C$I\I_,88%P2JEB
MJMQ@D;
C@C/H?P[5]=1H*&'H2VT5KZ7TZ7M?

MFM)?_3_`
+/L_N?^1CO$5W'!Y`[=LC_#I7(^)H?-T365(/_((U5AUR2-.N


MW0^;OVO/&$?@K]GCXFZREP(KN;03H-B590XOO$$L.E1#.?W92*ZEN2YQMBB9

MMX@E;3]5

MQMX9U2;R=(^(7PK




M!\*K'P'X1\+::-



R2%[;3]*TI[55L))&'%DN'C!SQ=

PS3-(9=E53+


%@\*I_7W@#XA:3







J%*M[;#U8T\\DLCHY?&KA
YHJK

7


#B.0CZ/_9IFL+SP9H-UIK7

M2C@

_QX6\N8-7&FHLFHC
.G&1PD/VAR43S6X4QON
(!/S221(
L


QBYOV:]]








M?\^EB\_Q^1QJNG&EF.%H4JE.2F_JO#&']C1Q5)TW)5
/)UW&&)I\^'DVU&O)


L;?^S%FD
MMW!


D0EC!4
M[(W5L`OCVJ_Q:]=K[/\`KYG\YRQT\2I47F%:M[+1TI-I22Z--Z^ENGD?P5?L


EJQB^T_AG^Q?\
?C5XY_9#^(-C\*1XR^%



L(6[51-;








(
M^`N1_P`E=_:Q[_\`5U7Q@K].=Z+RQ!'3KW_ORY_X)2E/V%/`8'0?%W]K$?





M_


M^TU&L(IS+

MYEB*VTVAZ3\3=(CFD&PMYHLWC8J%\ABZE:JZTYVUT_6)
/CCZ_HSR?3_`!?X
M
\RSN-


(ED9H[%AL1XQ'^




M.V(G^)_AN[BNF2#2]/\`%T\FGY\Z/[1+_8]K#=?:

5K

M9#J1Z@@]Q7Y9_P#!6B





$BN(&BC9B


O[ME$.E^
Y4^'^O/

MKJ5W

MS0LS!=P9&+%0V.:_AP^+?\`P3*_:N^%DMT+KX?7'BW3;8,TFI^%)+K4(F15
M:0)+;Z?'+G,:%S%-)$F0I9@=N?F;PYX]^/OP$OQ_PB/C#XG?J^LF8O!I&LZ
M]X9\HI(C.)M.77K+3KJW66.

9E?)'[=6%*
M;Y(]91:IM/6W79[E4OHG^$''



M[/'OAE!J[Q

%^SI(]OJ6Y9W9HYI`CI_1U_P3;_;\NOVZ



?BIX0Y52X

OQM*A@\)1IMJ566$=2$ZG(W23I1A.:56
I0BEI]&?#

MC:JEU3+'&!EV1!D\LRKU8`\OX

M5R


MDM]VU9?-HWS\4OAM;LLLWC;PS$F]HWD.O:2\65P'4'[7MW1MM9P#E%'.
YKY




\/F?1M1AN+O3?$U


=$/\3PRJN3&^WSX1
/AM\5



G#?M#_MT[6]@PR5;H01
MFOZ.TAVA2R$[LA1@\D#)P.^`3WX)Z5_-/\`\$4_$NC^#O#^C^)_$.KV&@Z'



ME[HT%MJ$DVJVU_90R7=C/8Q3Q7EHDES`\D

%<@\JK9PQ'<`GI4C0#(`



0I`9E91I5+I^SJ66K?LZE


$_-2GT/3;G]I_PCX;U

M6O).RER3Y6[*7)/E;[*7+RM^2DWY&7U6
_=;BD]&[KU[^1^@:H@Y#*25!49^

M9'G\-:&V2[2Z+82!FR[R2M&'64/SO7R7)W`D%75NC#/(?$B.Y%M9QQW\]C:O
M*AF6!Q&]S+Y

N;EX)&B
H-1AN=.ELK*XL-0EW2-/-=7-S')AB)VGW-



]



R1AV`(0\EPF!7

._L:S+
MB^B(^1E!SZ@Y&#[^O?KZ\UZMUW7WK_



M/KIEYU_$_P`A51:YEJM^Z\_



[;46T+Q!IT^BZQINIQR-I5YI^HA;2[M;
MBX50+:&6WEEWW&]52





(;=K'3?!FHZ=''`RR17




VZ%

VD^+
=Q'/





M%H5C;PW?^BW]W;O_`&;J=ZL

M2T\/7$=AIVF:;:6]I9F.U@ECT\07,L/B'7O?B2]\&S7&JRMJ\^HA_A[JD





M4YQ=FW)U%;2
K_@5X0^

S;H


+R62V-K`-TL=S+$)Y53Y'\HDG(
M!KU9*#3PTUS4JJY)VU7+ONK]8H_#
OS-8;'T^)



MNC?4_\`HR2O

M1;KU7YH_#3_@D9=^7^PQX(C)`9?C#^U@2I(#*/\`AJGXQX++][GW'/'UK]
_

MY_BD@_Q`'&0./TA_M4GHR'_`($/_BJ\NO\`';JGJNJ]5T^9ZE
N2_+*S6C










MX=+-)\2[2Z^TZ@\

L2_O4:1$G$
C@(\:SA2Q!



MS6




^'=3L]
M0\2^!K'P_P)8KG3M3\.^
&\?E8-#D@M_#.GS7USH-U=P:SJ2PVGA_\`M#6G


EOJ%H(-1A;P];_9]6U.^X:V*6&INI:[J1
M?

UJRG]2LU4I*6):C1ISE44$G5LYM:

;$0ZBVNV$UEIKE99(OM



M


OV-
M_P`$V_V?O'P`\_$G1?!T^JWOAX?%'QEX8T&Z\0RPWVMSZ3H6MZAHT4SZC&
M%:YM91)


I?$IT;Q2=1RIV6YIEF]OXK\:VQ;

9I(9@3.LV@V`6




Y--)WAMIIG_%6SGUN_TX75U8^)$LGO

[
M





-




MR11^*=1@#[3J.C6$P4L`K(E]JL:L
GYB=XP1U!.
]L[5K6*T^&?Q

.[C2-?.CCD1=R$?,145<;['.'235Y8:*2NKO1
M/17OT['H9!PEC,ZR]XJC*\(XN3E%:NSE)6M&[O[W;Y'\4\'[)G_!3V#5IM,U
M&T-GJVFZ?#%-I%UX\T?1+B*SBDC5(H[BX827Y'VA)KF)`[`Q&5B!QKV/2?^

%!

$_*3M4')45]%?!KQ


M

%T=&M]
MT





?V3JASD'II]

%(_+CXLRQ
/O$.K3Z9X!M;X+.@BTB#3H9[O7XO,B#Q7]L\=E+%%<H;D2
M-KPZF(DFI3;C:S3;V]-+[+HS\OYHO:47Z2B_P`I
_H9C\-^'82K1Z!I$+Q@

21J`P!(;



M\,I-;:3\.OV;].C2YN[R\MK/P5XRCLKF]U6^U^U?4G6U^(\CW$-Q=W-YJT

N$U!



CJ17\C&O?\`!97_`(*+^%?@;X%_:U[
MP_\`LIZ;X.^(^JZYIW@71;O3_$Z^-O%VG^&[G4-/UCQ=:^%'^(ZZI8^%['4M
M/N=(FNWLV@.J&.`WSQR1UYAX:_X+Q_\%?&EQKD'A+X5_!GQ/-X9T+5?$_B
M#1OAUX_UC^P=`T
6YUS5]62W\=R#3=/T9;NV;4KZ[


M4DWR!$F*)N4,7WJJM^8'QS_`.77PH\:SWWB3X3WLOPS\4M#*[Z2?.U7PEJ
M$XEAN(X9K

D;#\;/@)_P`%G/\`@HO^T7XNU;PG

M)IXI[FR;_A8!F.GSLB26
D[


M_]C:-80WC6:^'QYFGZK]2ZI_P`%_P#]LC7-.ELM2\_LW:GIS(OVJWOO`7B
MV\62.1-R

&1)`%R?
;7_@LM\;=

M-;WMSK
7P4O+2\NI`6CMKE]0T[QO:74C;@RHMW_H;NI+`SQQ8YY852K1KZWA





CML^D()].FE^U];'Z9QY*+X6\&XQE&4H^'V8Q
MG%2BY0FN

I1E&
HQE&4HQC*
G=J*4`K@]/GZ]!F-P?T-2U
M%-]P_1__`$6]9)V=^VOW:GY@]G_75'\Z?_!+;46MOV




=-$K-NVU^<'Q+^('A6R^).G:?_P`+OT[59-*LYK6_P!`

)K6WN(3;R6[--(Z/@F
)$=D28RJ8%5_P`X_CO^
MRC\0?6K6WCJXC\(2:7<7B63);/\CSW,5Q<(KB2#]P2EK*3(O[U2,`$,:YY
M4XTTZ2E%J7NZ2B_RDUT*C4E4:JN,DX^]K&2_.*?4R//BS0+^PL+73/B#9QZ
M1?7











MIIMG97=P+C1K:YN?[4U3]`_@WI_BWQ1\+_B+JCZ5=^%+SXR^%EU71K;6-8EG
M



MHCV$


X;X@SN=.GF




M46J:KK]U?13&*WO4MX9M'N$FANK;-S9P6E\TOE6X:OUGOHWM$W1(22@41QKN
M2


M/_MY_%/2O!7C'1_#E]

M_P`6/RM^*GQ-\&BRTZVU_4+W5[NXEM;.U7P_HTGB.6U61FE%W?6%B)=L40B\





P
M4@
[8*BN;!+B*


_H`^O[1&@^&K_DC\7ZSXFT34



:E&]K+9

RJ8V6-&01L`^Z6









2T\-M;6<MT[@N+.XGNM8OH1;S1I)YL:Q+*66-PX5


3C*N061@&^1@/&/@5\+_@QX/DMO#?
M@F'3&U#6]5M?[1ANK[3[G5[:)I5\\:8D


;

M0NYBY=3]P(F&YV[L8P#TR1G@'H*\MUT%O


#VKQNX@E,Y9WVA'9@6^49VL`.<<\G_`*]
ML\
6S2:'92


MK+]5K6TU6NO377Y7
N16WM\IZ^AI8U8


M8J;5=.VZ)JQVG(TG5.`O/&G7.?R`S]
TX_$O7_

.0F_FK]
M0S1K($R
E'W*?[K;'7=T/0

9PG&;J
M*





XN;

(RFIDV,YJF`Q[RS%4:E+%3PZHQTJKHO^P7Q=U[X-?\`!/SX



_:H6F6![.=2RO%.#&2



M11Z+J




MUFTFPT32?#WQT^)FC?!J?PK\9_A_\.X+N2Q&KZ1X[^+GA[PUK.E:'865S:7T

^
&C^$4
.]<.CK':M<VUE8
]NT!:NBT
M?_@FQ\$?'FM'2/AM^T%\2+Z'P]^V3X#_`&/O&T_BKX7:5X:C?Q+JDVMIJ/C#




+?V7_BT_AB;5-0\





_'GPR







^#EWX]_P$M^+GP:/C_P`41^*-(L[2
)O!^FV_B32]4MX,F,2#2-$UF)Y43*I<2@D
M*6-?VC7E^EG#+=RR&WC@EN);E[A6BM;:$RSW$HP%C02%3P2ZJ!EB!7\(7




M97ZZV4:J0P4Y(EW

DBX!0
M^8A7F/8
KD#(DR6![D





M%M*YR6

$_[%_A&

G[4GQGW!6P59E#+N`)VAAG&1G]$/[&;_EDIS[*3\OX
M*.



@Y`*C(.#@XQV!X/H2!



M[XQ0!_!6^

MI88)-V&

'MU&SGLK_`$NUNK:=`)(Y
MT)5MK!@5\E\K@#I@GBN'?X9^`)[@W3^&K2<(J1I+'.B+F%VJR\E\[2%YR








B61`=H+G4+#[2P+*PDC2%'
JQ@LH

MTR(8@TO3$&
`K!'G'H.








K+)-&K:4D_:0

M


:L;37?%-_:^'M$UN*7FO''Q

&KPU:QU/X?
V<D3EIX=1NM&EFLI5!ANEGW0NY9`?PB^+7QJ
MD^)7B[7-7TZ



MQ)?:AKDMGK]I9^&DOM+EE
4)T==7U^:)+JQTZPNKZ]GOM
TWPMI5]I?AV#'#


E[IVI:3!X*F.LWG2UT6%/%:WDMS)Y86[@L6





MK31_$
NEV-_X@OM%\!W]B+W2=0@FAGU)]/CE4WK*RC4]EB*E5?8DY+\M.G7H

`&3@]1P1D_KU[$JRKU8S;6C;W7:7=^9^









M6PVW^`_PXMBJP^%K-


M!5+`D9KG?@'HVI7USJK#3[T)=^








6&+GS`^T9Q\P!.W)/4XY&.]7'0RY*@LI!VE1D,P`.
M%(R<`G`R<`G'%?G


MRV]W+`TD

AM-4@FG4Q10P7=R7E!C3RTMI%+EFP-@=U

+G
@^7OD]:^TX;C*%*






M;ZXF9(;33[2ZO)W2V@ED3HBGS+1[]GY^1S5&N26JV[KNO
^9_P#@WN55_P

MTKXS3PJYV/Y







M:Q=63I83R7*

M

M\*?M!ZO\6O'O@+X0_#K4!XG\(6%]I^DQ6_A_X86=SHGB?5KNXN)KWQ7XH\7A


V?LZ?]$^O_`(:SP-_\HJ`/\YGP


V?LZ?\`1`O@K_X:SP-_\HJ/^&;/V=/^





-9X&_^45'_``S9^SI_T0+X*_\`

T+43I=OK
EM/HH1$D)
MY2Z^*OQK^/'@'X5_L[_V+:_$*P^&QN]-^'EEH7P\TKQ#\2M



MM#=6%S&DT[HG]`

:Q[0H?Y8EA4L#RD!*@D]


V!'$D2232\@R)&T*?/*H/ZB_P#!-;_@DI??MA^'
;9AALLR_!Q<L3C
M<4Z?L:%G!<LH5*D%4J2E.G-!<U6<JD5&E)V3Z/;T


9K
MXD\/?\$Q_P#@F'IOAR2'3/V#?%OC71=%B


MG7.NP6DTFI33I:Z=?FO@
G\:/#KB3-89!@
]H8;


12E.#IQJRG)0?DX;B3*\35G16*Q$9M\N']O&I2I


W_FM=@ID
MI;^VL`@D9!.02








OC*YE#&




M3X;/\6=



/C.T+,JZ?!K7I$K1I$P8:T5*R-+&B$'#O
M+&JDEU!;_P`1-/\`P2K(;;XR^-





_X*:?&K_@I9_P`%-?V+?''Q#L--\#?#


M^'/C:*P@@UZTT'PIX=^*_@F[G3))HVMZSKMMXB_LJZDGNY])T[6[:^\+V[




*6&6(JRYFHT





7@'QI\0O$'PV\#:_8V7



MXT2^*-8\1?:Y)=&^%Z7X.DZ786]C9#4=4_X2T2ZN8I?M;@P:=!`%G=MRGM
M]Z_\1/7_``2_WB



M('GJSP9(\0$#SD5GB_YZ*K


M]&LGUF]MKF\CEL0J_'H_9#^




A/B`!!$T4J

3]
[T5=1N;:*VU+3=Q]67E^`?








M_
!P

_#VH_!KX8:3+




LXORBOF\ING

M6:A2J3Z14ZDH0EI&7PS?334_?C3O^CO[`5S#&-2_::^#VH7WSK'/=^
KN=

M%:K(EL_B^PC$







R2MMC&]'()Q6U8?\%6_V83;I
M';_M+_LR6ZE094N/$7ARY+1A2Z%+V\O;N?S&E6





^74`?ZCVI?\`!7?_`()B

&\/_*'#]B__L#?&3_U
MHKXO44&!^TM%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%


M6*)IHXTFD8A1T@8X)K^_;Q5X(T;X-:1\-/@!X1MQ;^!_P!G_P%_P`-/AUH

M/C_\;P[-&W_X?B=TR)/^$^\3




M`

MTGQGJWACP[K&G^(=4@@FUOXT_?4M!\,[-TS5)I8;;X2Z7XBT+4;34XH=*F

J^M55JJCC@XQJ.
E=22EI)J4K/233T/V*'

M^O:




M&5YK?B3Q%H&LZ#X8L?T@^+'[7W_!


M^(!XBU3Q5HM[XZE\-^)SI:VNAZ'ILOGWPI_;

M?!7Q?T+1/B?=_#FR\2_$KX+_W]I&\B\?&K1](\8V3V^CV'@_XDOKW]D^


?$WQ!TCPWXJT/T/P5^T%_P29\`^#/B#X+TS5?A'!\_
MB-'\-?!GCCP'I'PN^,%G^TAX[&@_\%&_!_Q%^(`\5?%*T\/Z?I&L?2X_9I\

F\$
M0?%ZXDN7O1/X7EN?A[KNC3?#R7X77FA:WX/O



F@3^
]

M]U#]I'_A9'C7PKI4'P
^!GAGP+X\\):1J_PBT


L;77--

NF?'

M7%N?E+]H']K;XJ?M)Z5X/T+Q^^BMHO@OQ+\1?%OA=-._MVYO4G^)8\'G5OM^

O

IBD
MS2

O+LGL5&R:OMK?_P&7ZV/Z(O^^WP


M/-;J#NEGCCA4%I`#^WOQ&\622_%S6]4T.*QT6Q\*^([;1OA[IUA:10:9X5\.



ME]#/L%/'5
/3JU'@L*\;A8U
36]C3J?5X48S4W5K^PIQY4W4CN?#\74
?/+L
M%*A)^QIXM2JQ5WRPO).4DD^6*;5W+E2NM4?H)^R]\4OBKXOL_BKX^^
?BB]U




HNH[@EGEC(_.3QG\6/A_\`LC_#




MU'$T\?CHXZ=?RE@,8L)6QM7X6
)8F-.6+6'A+V;DI:Z?-UHXFKB\FC0K1K

M;&7QC^SY\3/B9X2\
^)-7LCJEI=7/A^]\8_#^?Q#-IT85=1^WZ%L.GI;7EA=

`Q_V34M7\.ZQ=
M:AXP^']G\,;KX16_A'QB3XA;1Y+KP]XO4T'PWXOT/1/!OBO58A8:_XFUWQ
MRVKSU?V`_BG^SV?VC?B?XR_;+/PZG\


TO3]'

:N6?7*BDG&LHX2


M`:1)J_Q;EF^FE?`_3+SXI^)+&\_M;5;U_UUK2:5=^%K_1DL]&U[^TO[0GC











MS]:]\
/B/X5T#3?$_B7X?^-O#OAO6#X=_LGQ#KGA37M)T/5!XOT@Z_X3.G:K

MDEBC7)^9Y(U&6=0?ZC/$?[77_!
+QUK?@IOBGKGPQ^(&H^%_#'PP\
:-K^A?

MGX__``N_:T\2:=XA^`
/Q.^(MO\`?Q;\$M?^'_P,?2OB[J,UAX)^$V@ZW\%
M/'VF:Y^S[H6B^])\


*E3?
<)_*\24L=+([T9\M.-6<IQNKJ%WJUNEJM6DO
_9+]

M=Y7R








_+O_!6+]I7PM^U9^WK\=/B=\/+HZG\
=&OO#OP
MK^'.K':SZCX*^$OA^R^'7A_59'0!)8_$@\




M]EJVC^



M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!44OW
9`).!G'4@@#GOZ#O4M5KI2\80*9`SJKH.`T;`K)N8([#8A:5=I1


MK\3?%
NIZUXW\&Z]%:VSQ:-9:IKL6N^
_#NIW\MM:W5OKU_I=H9/[*98OYO6

MA








M9)9H]V'MG=+F
VZ

)()

M1_85_P`'2'_!

%S-KU[\





M;^'/#^O^/]%73?$NE07POWU'4;O2;ADBG-?E)\-_BW\2/@_JNIZY\

M]7UG28-$U74M!N%M[B]TBR\1:!XRM]

MUO/7IVF?MA?M
:#=WE_I?QL\:6]U=I\7I+N:74);D7R_'V_MM1^-MKJ-LME-
M!?CQ=JNEV&H:^HC

MO$7Q'\!?$BW\*_M0?LK_'W1/

/'6

M-/'5G\/KXZOX0L]?UUYA9^);:&PL9=:O[K3[*)-:\00Z3I'A_3&\5:V\\VLV







\26\;WFG?9VN980+K






M7OB'0=)?7M=T72;VXU;PH;;3HKNRCM[F65/S=W*=B+(LOD_:$$T9`69S=2B2


M(/#^F6?AJV:\TK4?S/=W


M:21T2--N]W951=[K&FYF(5=TCHBY(W.ZJ


M(^`_!4^H:[\//'

5K%JU[H8EN3-JT/VC^+L%W8
MEF$TJQ6SW$K@4[B




OFVUM



M\PI4!+A0

JV[KR\S
M_3N_X-WV5O\`@C?^Q<RD,K:)\8'5@00R2_M#_%R6-U(X*R1.DB,.'1U=258$
ME?H#^Q[^SEX5_8Z_9A^?[-/@Z\M9M%^$O@;3_#KZG=@0W'B'799KG5?%?BJ

M`(1&/Q%\/-.N9Y7WM-/H/P_UKPUH;SJ=RQW+633JCR('VNV2B@#E/^'`G_!(

I\#?^%M\6O_F\HHH`/^'`G_!(;_HR

I\#?^%M\6O_F\HHH`/^'`G_!(;_HRGP-_
Q!9

;_77=IGDE76IM1$TWDW$
MC-/;0NA10!\]+_P;C_\`!&&1BH_8X5W&24_X:#_:H50`<9!_X76.1D#'N:D_
MXAPO^



G







$VO^BN?MJ_^'*^7_T/=%%`!_Q0_\$VO^BN?M


$VO^BN?MJ_^'*^7_T/=%%`!_Q0_\$VO^





M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





D^^_KP/E`[Y]C252

MZ_









M)*-^K6BT[G745SV@ZW_:YOXGM9K6XT^=()A(=\4@=69'AEV1A\[6WJ%^3Y
L




QMY@&$!QM^;D[_E
MTI14YJ
G9.]V_)-K\1-)JSG*_FC%2DO2+33OML[7N;?]M:C,Q^7`1D%0H)





M



M`%%%%`$#N%RO)D4#GT._P!.AV?K^?E/BJUBN?%]L;BV2=6\/A%7R=SKLNKN
M5F64',6?.D%3NV`YY('J;D9B!ZM*0




GRV


M4)DD[2I?.'R!M&?PT\8ZW^T;K/B%K[4YKS7=#NY&ECU[PV?^$AT9XV?(/_$K
MN);FT5E*L'O;.`2@

M_&LL1.6`!X-?GN)XTQT77]G@85H1ORQC/=7M%IQ=VEOHW?J]S^L
K^C'EE&6
M6U
XXQRBGB

MGC:




'HKO1-V[/OUN?HN;_1-X#R_#T98


M+I6O:3JT;`F&33]9L)X&W@8!-O=/*VX+\G[G'RL!SG'HOP^LC'J=W=1QJJR1
MJ)&57VYC



M\14A5K0PZOC

=?


DBR`+YFX9#(^/+`!ZY[FVT!H)42+4[QHLLT8
M)21U#'[LC8!.


MO?N?5BWMVP`V
^
Y:



D]#TZ'NK?QCJ4-\O

P!4'E2P+#:&P=NX`M@G`^:OW3#XA8^G#'8=1A@L92IU,+3IU(RG&ZYWRSJ7
M4KQ33YG)I*ZL[M?%M2A.K=&H_9S<).$92=U)1TBKMZVOHTKW+?F`]I_$__
M`!-!D`.5`/0EB


BO;.Z

V.IS-9N-*33LU;7UDCU\AP
M\L5F^!P\(1J2J56E=E&24)2DG?^ZG\['@*7'Q#NI[N:_P!<ETVSYCCL-&A^





M?.Y[LGC_`

MV
*6\S#^#]\R2

\DDK-)








MS51/G\N
$C8*^&]+0JZ
&Z\8QCMZY]O3O7INE
\*QD


.S\8K8

_3-?H%^SI^TSI?[)7PS\7_$Z[L-
U;4=

M`8



.H7GPRN-
M+U75=/CUC3TD\9Z)!96K&/3U:YT*VDU-=6N6#^7GANYM[8HRSW4N&?W
O\
M5.#LQQDL%3S6M&HI3BI3HJ



@94#M\EP

MR`00/Q.\




MSTT;B]=-&FFM^C$TFM5?5/YIIK[FDS\\_P!H/XBZQX%^

M

$#``




G.Q9&?D[O
VH



=(LO#NF.)
M#&D'B;49=5\9Q3VY0B6[AN-'6X,Q9(!MA\=_:\\97L7QUU+0;;3[B]2S\/
MZ


M'P=X9CD.$XFKX'#XK


M:JI

M0*3-#
]WY;
%1DW.9

M^'J%1U)4




MB.*^M(HDB
AM]4EE=O)01K.JK)\K&.1`YB
CEED!&WGO`GQQU?PK.NG^(YG

Y#2QJX6X
MT^LY/G6)E3QF3QH8O#YWE&8Y9.C=3GC\-.I++(Q2G6I/&U%5J34

VY32?\`

-S+&&D$)YD<G<WN$+
Q

MC4C448SBG9\K=G%WB^9WN_0_F+


M&*M).

=.?4X_H:6HWQE`03G/([=/8__`%ZF3Y8M

M?65\S#S(W28*'.R15Y

MAK(

3BLVS+$QPV&HPH5)4W*TJE64ZBIRC%.C3JU)3;LE[O


MB34?$%SX

$\3*T;72VX
2QGZ

LIE3RN-24)9W



)&!J9QF&&]M#)*.5XS#NG5=+VKHRQ&(<HTW27,_WC3J./(O?DK_Z'Q$_

M$.AZ/:Z%H=K

\3
PKXKED$C':1YW$
1YG3L`2F/S[U
M]L?L:1O_`
)=KDKLQ\-NGXS_Q
OIY33A];HRL^9<]GS2ZT




.6
<-;[:Q6UOS/YX]V]BN



'.TC:`/O9Y))[8Q







F3^J?_`()G?\%9
M[#P]X


MSCQ?X!US5=/'B7PKJO[N:9+NZL]-DUT:C#:R7=WK-C$L+Q3SAY+HR7`O'G\U





.$/^(O\`

/J?6MVR42RQQ
$;W3;

-($DE7YK^/\`




+2KTIPKRC0J\\)T
MY124)R?
/;'4_'GQ4N9_?BV72+C3[..QDT^+3HY;6XN+%V\T++!=6





M:)#*2TD6DZ?&Y(P2R0`$GD\G'3/%?Z]?02\2L?Q9A.-^&
56K9A0X;E@JF&S


D

9/


K^-M/ATB^NI--U^.UN+^MI/)U*UDLX;
MMH9U874UU_9+:2PDNBODH;A80\(D_&CP-\5=&T/XI^/-+OK^PTEM0\/V)L_
MM7VBUCGGLIKF0N)WM#%;-^_0*+Q[0N7S$9=DGE_S/Q!C
YX@Q.9NMAZT)8*K




M#\DQ



MVJ/#GA[6]6\+_!F/Q%JTWCW0_&GAM=(^).OM:OJ.H^']2L
:UH^@ZGI[P6TT
M.DB*&.UTRY1IIGOO

M/(Q


M]VDGFPV?C/1DMHW$4ER$:TAE2(RSFW
Y(=(^'6/[?A3B##UL_P`MRJ@E:F\5



MKY3C;Y


P.N-F1UXQG/'\JX'44/S(Q^8
M'!&#QD@CJ?;^?-=WJDV&#%&7S-I'.
[




M


YZY'Y._P#C^E*O5_K_`%-?37_7\=3^
DES



M

;N^[O=[LZK3

%+6.26-IKNJG5$WI&N&**&=2XQZ)93%I(@.!F4L
M
'?%&I7/AV70/$VI
M^'9K*;5M*L+?4GE%DQMKYI%LM/
/VVVG%MY

CXKSNCBZV799CJ-:O2P

M%//`\DJ

+00B.-=

J5DB.0PV&









MN
G.2246XMJVR9^3X3Z64^$
AK9!E;JY]AL9CFIUL33@Y4\OJXF+JT*=U/V;
=`M;<6MIH_A/0=-\-Z?9P*5*Q6=GHEOI]E:QC!)$%K'G`.05!


9+DB



AZ5-1-T<0EN\-B4OG1E^9


D?IGU^O'XU_B
M)]

MDWK%S2=EHG!I]+;/J=U
M8?P_\!_]FKTC2&VL.


MM?PK236-E*%E-5-'9.UVT]'=;-]#[K'3DL/5G?WDE9V7623TVV;/2[:3Y(^.


VZ1W$%QY@MHVEA
MGL9C:B54CD4R.TOX3_'_`.(-_P.O&,^G13F+3+[7GVP)19P6&E2#S3#&$B
M$I&U?/*-$CF2






9+[




D+RM*
2N7*XW+]ZN3U
M[_@UY_:C\6BQ^W?M@_!+09M
UJ'6].U/3?#'Q!UR^L[B*2=E*17D6D222PAX

[

FM5U/7S'

5#%RH3KXB.6Y/#$1GAJ]+$T)4J]+`1K4)1KTJ;4J%2FW:T


MXAU[P1/X6O(O$.FZ7I.ARFUK2=6N)1I=E-=3S3.VFI!T^HN;59)&0DNZO^


5SC`QGU

IFGVQ;


M6DM[8?9I%*2C

'TNL!P-B
-2
YSKPH-KED

ERM02O\`$]FTK;Z774_;

(

7EOV2TF]M[^UM[JTD$MK=VUO=6\@.X/%<(94<-Z
I'R\


VE:%MW.?NY:
*!C))X(Q@_!^)C2X(


M?3$$:GG/?;D\#T]ZFBQN&!C'Z\C\J8Q(2$XRPBCCD7/S13(B[XR
9(LC*Q





:QN0;27.^6/;O&
@DC]*X


OF0+-I\\[)EO+
?V2[NW



9


M2

:BJ.#NK2NI)QTBVU=;I

M
@YR/7GIU[GG@U:4A&)`R9
9Y_NY^OK^%?.L7[2O@2=)'L-)\?:A'&LC++:^
4%&2<_ZO=GC[X&.,GY*B1G=2#MP?KGZ
M_P'/:OL#]L+9%XH\-?..-%NRQQP2U^W'4\\'@?7J*^1K6:(E#D`9ZYQD@_3



!FE
!E*#&Y5W)NY`7*JHYR0!G!Q_3M^-=!H!


MQ-3EHU:%K-4L%B*KI0JXA.E%U5#V;YTVU-Q@U-H^.S:*6%KR347&/.I-*5


MO)HQ)/\`8;K36GN&N8Q

M


MS\1-%MO#'P6TOQ-X?UKQ7\0KA++4/$]CI][H3:)X3\M#JE[)HZRWVGF^OX)T


M9BJ%?YEB*52U/):6)AB?[4J0J0]EOCJ

M3B


MA?8:`L4FV6-
B
(QMXPOWBCVZ2P0#D%FNY;

MS'%X/#U



M.$5G6(0HN0S


?B*=6TZT\

M!=


.F
XYSZ8)_SBG@D]1C\?\XK-TI[^2S1
M]1M8+.\.0\
$_P!IC&`
$2F.+.2?N[/EZ9/%7TSEL^W7KWZ_IBOK:
_;4H5;


MM

^


RW'ARZTN]+99HI

L_AZZT
A^%=)P(-T/AZ/7_
M``TSK%Y@B3SH[VQ^U[1(^#<QWWE;FV#SG\[QYU\RG/V5.%2E*6TW!/EMJ[\


%I<J&P]I<SJHVER@=W*ZK^UKH\
K0:?X
M`^*=W



MS8Q+R9?*9L=&7C/7@CTX]:EU6^CCN79MV)V:99'RTHSA6AG/EJY



M`(!_3.72J8FA@ZM.G2I*I2A&O4C5YW:
$XI1

K)G:2J&3'

MK6@__3)[+2VLK[Q3Y8CO\`4T82P6P`;RH8

MOS=XF\7WFJSN;BY-PTC2N[-D$-)M)Y);(.

M[@?+WEV;+9S@J

*3)
[
$M.\4?V9?6
MNF6]M8Q:]^GQZA]DPS+:W9


M;QI'_H[S*PEMTD7RX0C1B5#%\[O=Q3QB/*[X9-RE/[4\&?%[B3P8Y:F#R.EF


K#*N



\

%O'+8PLH-[!-Y1E$UF9P!*@D5


9V[E^;G!^4U_:]\3O#7P(^
&ES6OQ9^'&E:V8X)8)+V*.QN;
MW3F=8R!9ZRSZ3JD)E

M?W(Q#)+MY[L$)_ASAB.MLM2!5=^SR^=TB1PNW&-X6(M\^?E(5ONG/;/ZP77
M_!*_0EN@UA^T3I6TF1FZ\+6D4S*


M)T[5$E4Q%Z

MH:I#]KFL(8I='U_0/$NAMI

IDU6^C$MXVEW4!G!6W#P0SH/L8DF
M2)Y!*YK]DX-X




M7YETBQRV.&ALY`

$?&[R

MM)PB[6:;WBUJE8\5\*:E8^(Y9-0TKXP_%*?[/?2V5UIUQ&NCD20
`F)(M/M4
MG@?
@#I]H#!3_JLXD^V?!UFBV%M+)YEQ
R)F]NSYMY/M!PTLK9RXW9)4+N)Y


M_1[&WN852998FC/S;T4-%DD#SHT=Y59BA^782-IS[?8'C+7O%V@^*K7Q9H-O


M+')'*?O%&#_%RI7OCAB0#T(KI+KX::%]IG-G\3;2





MKV\5Y:PW\K
8XH8KI3;&`S^:(YB1&/Z/\




=LLG`
MPWEY$D=SK`7$.DZ)9
S]*RS@+)LLH8?!9=E6P5#



M%OJ$UH2-V5O'MS+@#S#%-Y?,:C/K,^;J^O6&F(2=LNDZ+NU6+D;Q;3:_)'

6-


H_#)I:=[_P`S:OK*[N[[GE]W





#E_P#)'QBWPATRR5DM+*XMF8J?
M+R[L6&S.`_V.:#S@-V$\TM
)]:AY7[I(%X<XR<`]
MZFOLJ;18&Y$9
M8\\8QC/\_IC^?&=+H
;`@0GT]^_/3/X$\?E64H0G\4(7[J
4_O21HFXJRE*W



M6L67PNP!.P\`G[OTZ\_SQ[9J/8TNL(OR:NOFG=
:G).ZD[H^49/#WCB!_-'C





KRG&
;2@U)6;3T




M4E=YH+734AMK:SDFVF2-;4+*$#D1`?


$94J%=)2A[O\`'I5._6]O4@N/A1K-QMF/Q$\#+'$K-(L-G/=SB,@'
M*K]NA`)`/!/)&,C%96L^*[;POHSZ-I-XLLRATO-;M[8V<ET8\;8[3-Q<FWC4
MM)Y_[Q_-#1C*[#NG\3^.;=(7@TI+:URLWEQ1*S1M@1;G

MCYR\4ZR\B/'&RD





G=N8#@J3QDDG=[8R?T#*\HKY%



MY0_=-NR


&NWA_%X[C#BIY?@99E7QU.I'#X;+J-.I

M_P!O6;:G8V8#M/I\4B_:+AH&@E


?


MT^YA#8AEMKA]

MOK70-5U*STO4+LYWO/I*W

MK_A%O$-_+
S7NI7VCVUI

M5GJN:+L[-:I
^=%^+OPYND

M8








MNO1=O0\[M?#(C=2(R=V
_+Z=.YY.
M?RKH8-`5&)

=*Z^-%!!P/E&.G7/6I0I#%LCG'&/3/

WYGY?^`Q_R
2'285`W01C'3]WG/7_`&N.W7)JVMA`HP((
M^W_+/TS[_P!:TJ*++S^]_P8.3:MI]R7Y(I+;1KG$0YQCXQC/USUXZ8]ZE6

D0#``]*6BBF`4444`%


M9ZY&


M`O&.AZ;J5K/X3UG3Y]




MW^)7X?PF*QE3'8FCAJ\*R:Q%*K2IS59.+4%)66L9N
KIIIJ[9M3Q-?#TI4Z5
M27([752U?9IJSK*HU:W0Y?XA?\*KT+6;ZQU/QBWAR2!IHC9/H#F;
;`%Y;ZQ

&G:=?L2WW%\BVUUYD!VG

^E+I5AX;T.PF\1V$`W


'?5^Y%*'I:.G2
MQZM:K;QP)]MNI'E=5D:





;0

?\C-2:=T]5WU7W.Z&///(%+7
ORYP`V
YQ


:.C03O)EF<

MPZEC_+K]*Z-$9QWQV],^Y]:E)+O][_S*4(IW2=_5O\`-BHNT8SGI[=/Q/6G
M444R@HHHH`****`CGU^G%%-9BN#C(/''WMQ(V@#&
'G+

$

M&-PW;6;B$9!E3@E6#+G`XZ!@P4JS!E7&X`%AS0!RVHVRKC`#9W_P`.








M%O#ND0W]U9I-/-





OV%

\


+33W
M6Z&W:+S2WDPM/
%7T</#_`,,FL;0R_XW


`*#^`Y!`&.!V!_$E7Z*_?ZN&HUI\]2



:SH_B3PSXBTJRUWP_XBT'4K


M'?L3?LI?$/P9XPN/#MQXO^)NG?$+6]'TS6_B'KOQ;^(OBGQ8]Y\!?'FIVGAK
M3M'\?S:_%KGAY_AGX[T36%M=+\+ZQIUUI.O:;;B6!!875@0#R!OVW-!@L/B;






MUI\@VWNW]_Z;`H173\7_`)GS[X
_X*


MZWJ6F^`]4B$[R0^
-!TW1EN/$]FKO!ITNI6
$$UX&EFCS].^#GP#^!]U\$-'


.1;::,D_:!OVSN;?VL;F&SE'



M44`%%%%`!1110`5#/


M$3XF^(O#:V^HV
D/B/PGH/A&7Q18DQ7J7D6CW.EB%)M0AD4`_0*2
/GDQ[1G
MYE(!RS*



6TNHOLNH7UT]LQMTL[WY5\&?`+]JKX667Q




7)'M^+_S/E_PQX&_;QU#PWX\UK4O
MBQ9^+]'\1_LKZ9_PB%[/I-CX-&DZ]\&-*_X:!U;5M!M+.UTDZ?HGCJ[UUU7
M7;^]T\PZE8

M291^A'[-_P#P4'\4_M&?'WP=\









\*_$





MAKX?^!;.W^(L_BGQ1XUU;7/&
%AHGB#POHFMW^JZOK%M/J$L5GK-G)';65PU

MIZ9JO@GXB:?K0L]2\'7FEJ^F:%J)MH/#%W:6=C8M9ZK=6&H-=;J
DTTU.
9Q



+Q+;
M?LU+8_&_PAX-\5_#KX:_$?PU\

]&]9J33U5











H_$WX6?L



L
M]1AU'QMI


MZWXFT_PU^SC\-YM-U6\\3WOA1_A_\(-/\1V_Q#:UG\5?#SQCX3T:_P#B5XAU



MX#?M


M_$+7-/\`_Q!\&Z-XNUCX?\`P[A3Q%;Z7XDBMDL[*0Z;J6FB/4I+[RJ]_:Q
M_;`^(/B?P)\

$K?%MR





;P9X

=[

MV@V^F:QJ&K:?J\.G^#_&%QIP!V$O_!+#XEV$?A/Q;XEU7X0_M-_$+PC\4[76

5]H(TG7K.
M6]UO5]=BU7_A.M=;Q+I_+:[_`

M


M9ZE^QIXC^)?Q



)A\IP
(J(@










/K;Q'K_BG6




VI&#1/










M
+[2/$MYJ




MDZ'HMJU[JNIW3L=WD65I&\KB-))&(5%3YLCB-)^+/PU\8:-H.LZ=XV\/Q66O




M_A4-/MM*T/3X=.TFZUC4OA;\.-/C?0--TEK;7X;MHI+-+^Y@?S7Q=_P3TMO$

MH.(U1`#

M++RM)\


M\3ZK9WA\

M\!7/AG4-?O\`0O!OA;3_`!7X3UNYA\;:;%;Z9;^

M%^?#&@W





)8/AGI7Q5T6TU6\\8?\(V=9TA






'A7
MP]X)?Q?XQN_WAG4]/U2QTF]31W6^DB\%7'@36-.U^[MKTO_$&AZMHLR-:Z

D0CFA6*Y
O7T%M;P7NMZA!96]_J\]O$MN-1


[6QN7
M.#@-@!AWP/08?10!3DM-YXDVJ79BIC1U574
_E(^8A*\ZI*99HY\`RHB(TQD
M$3Z?&[2ER'%P5^T[O.5IP(D0EO)GBB$C&V#2+-T$)MW5A)O31HH`Y.\\#^






MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`D)P0
9S2




MJ@P


=-_?;P1N7AQG!^5L_+D@9X.

Y8MGU`X.23C';G@'.`.IIU%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%-9U098

MZ5GOXF@&=EK.X!ZG*9]

YA[YXP3T

M=5LX)DC


M!L.KV^GR^&?&.FAM



M.TN.66\TIH-?6.]U70[J+


HANV@

M;P^9/%*ZWVF:*TYB6`6^GVSS!7%JD+_3O[7'[4GA;XS_`+'7@SQ'IMN8+W7?




]AAL'2==47*.JC1G*:=]6Y1NM;V;NM


PFL[&RL`T
HU4O:?H5\+_#UKX.^'G@






MGGD=`>U=!5'4$\RVD0[?FC

'G*+^VHMVLF^BMK:QHWNIZ:65;B=5*%]IF++G
M)7=MV*W3`W9/<8J*VU+1]^$N8R3C_5&5L=0-V4XZ\8ZX-9J^)?L\C^;*A=<

EP/O8.

1#(\#ZC!']B#J4&



M6:VBANK?[/;[M99[JYN;VWTR,SR2?-;J&01_?7_``4(_:1\(_%_QQK/A2?P
M-#H^L?#36-5\%VMWIWAW5M:\9:_+H][+91ZCX@M]#MY;J6&;R!)IX6SD^PJ]
MX/,N1*3%\9_+PQ\2]1U'PWJT.B^*H8;`ZDLIDT6_P##MOJJ!8Q9P)K&J6R7
TOK


M5=
EN-`CT


@UZUM+B*:[L)=Q3^U])OO*N;F&



2\C_AK^SQ^U



M_=#9'8+M488-^D\+8[)\HYL5B*V)S+&5&VL2E4DKSO&3C3BW1BG&4OA@DK

M2

=X


M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
(8;K4(FCDBM8/LKR)O#I.?
HQ7`W_C*:)#$93*^U_(E=V1?M
M,C)YS-\^X<.%Y`^]P
UTX'QYPD56GA
IJUZ
(5%#

)

E3:J--MMOFY;633N]]CXZUG
MX9?'BY_;^_X3BWT#PQ=_!;QAJGBR?4-=TVQA7Q9JOB+Q#-'J&AZ=NG%P]M:^


E%I

M/MPG

*$



MM*-KD@GS/WPV[?FRC9&WYB_:%^'_`(_^*GPRUKP;X




MH4E5HU)+]Q6]NH*JENJ4I+GY9I.,TXN2?D'[(7[/]S\:].TJUM_C%\.K6P
MTVUUOPO;:QINJ_$&2SN=0



MA]\

YY!QU
MXK^EJ?(XPE3C,9)/W80CHX_W8KK_D?'CJ***T`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*







:M^F
PZS)J5G&_B7^U8?)$$<EY(&N((W;[2T=

M1FYQMF5G?SMMQY:AXEV`U_(-+]I)0S;BZEP=/PZQ





MDS;3(D653?YA\S!7.


F-HSQSG=SQ7YO/!Y90J.E3PE%2F]4TYWZO2<I+H^FG2U



W%*C4:M;XH1E*.MK_`!1C=7L]FFFT




[J-T*;/
M.MA;HY


MCE@WW6P
G!Q^/8OB'B+A?.'ALZ@L4\15A3^LP5.*4%-62C2C&#O9*_+?6][G



G=)

MS/`]NTB0IN
2LJE0'570N6K]4O#'[%W[
^E0V$]E\)O#T5W;00R17LTNI7ET





P^+P^5\1Y#
M&T95


M5U:^L5FB\_;):6^I7UXEB6
\AF6T$23_`+H.N(8P/1%7;GG@G(&.GKSGFE[Y
M]0/Z_P-+7]\0A&G%0@K1BK)7;LO5MO[V?A044450!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!4,I(9%YR&).0
!=N3COU_/`[BIJJ7)=2A09;9+WQT
FMDY)OR1

9NM0E4K91*VQCAY
AAY;`@YXVYK\D
M_$_QQ\8^-);NVMI#`]_
)]6N8&8


M]-T.WTC2IGC55!:`^9(V9GN[J86[


-Q+FV7X?-\VS&?M


/()


1VC#+2*7^

\30H







0-J_/[YZ=N`




&V+7/


M+_2;N);:6SD4@2(T
4C`1JV^!@9WCEBWN3Y:

6Y)IJYQSS;'T(5*M:3Q%&S_=.G


M$Z!');W6D



M&-[+WG8])C#;06ZD`X].O^34E

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5:Y9U4%

_X]#\T/VHO#KQ?$:WUDPB6.YTP+2'Y
M!&T4US^Z!^?=L\SDX7@_=YX^;O$5R\6DVZV
0YB+3%@00(MA)!5LAC\P
(F`IXK8R]26$PV&Q+C3KY5*+YJ'M5&53WVO;PDU*$XN
6

*NUF;@_B
18ROC*]\!@LGIY=3P=.
M7*OJ6




?B&QODCNVGB5;+5+^2!DCAN((?.PK;F96'E[54J/
##]'OBY\/\`


OA*MC&:G43JP4*$)1Y8RC&32G-2G[Q
M^O915RG.LBKX;`815L%'!XBG6J3=JD8K#XCDNZ=K.4H0NHMVO:[U/ZV?%@_X
MFETC2!I#(7ED`&))-JH[*
\!BF0`25SC)KA9V!C+YZ[@1Z;6(Z]\_3-;?BBX



MIKXK%4J;ES..O

MM&@SYT\49/\`=WO]['\6


T7G/
)
M4D+1F
)Y;&8
GHUUXF:PA*'S%6+3;.3:Z[93;W2R!)XH22\@#1A65-V`ZEB.
M`WX=_M*?M1:7\4O'[_SP3K7BFQ\2WOA;4+.[TJ]N;72+^W%L]Q.]O=VEBD
MUS;PDWL

L?*$%4YX2G!:QF

MIG_!&6YUG3O!%WH%[XFU37[N&_\`%Z:M#J$IE



#)+9S\M?E9_P3\T.T












VYCR6QM)].
GIT'-2
M5_;Y^/A1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4QU+#@XX(_/&




M@C\?45YA\3OA=X.^*.A2^'?%FF)?VDZRJLY5!=6K.$&^WG*
\?(4L!@-L7.=
MHK\

M:-.%:56G256
9+]`\.N.


M1:9]ID^T.!YY\1/$%C\%/BDGC#6KQ=+\`^)%GM]9U&6*V-G9)/C6;RPV?^



W$2W:RQL%B
`5_\@?&7P'XQ\%
URV'%V52SKAC
M-L2\NIYI@ZU.
)4
;)Y?A


MRT^^CNIK2QMM8$EOI$

4:T5ISR;JQ2DYPYFY0C*





9G'.
9.1WZ9X_//L*X*
M\N8;PLJ





M?



6J+&LL]O836K1A<C



L\I`68AER!7I.A



MVW&XU\EQKP/PSQ]P]CN&^*LNPN9Y7C*+@X8ZDL5]7JQGOA\10=5N5&OA\32
MHU\/5IRC4HUJ5.I3:G%O=R#B3-N%\?A

J-5J24J=?
M#RC*E5A5BW3DZE.3ASNI!PJ1C./\B0^'[3W@'XT^,O%-OX6\7?#_P&R^%[

ELQCFTXY8]


R[&Y;B


_EU^W/





M`1?F*-RV0IP17EME\.OBK\9=3@FL;G4I+O4M8M[R_P#$$\\@OH]/!E%VIES&
MGE

)WPV?C?P]XAVD?\`$O\`%&E7&F74JMG:
MD376FW

Q

90E4IRJRE)04DKU)Z7BXK[6N_6Y]A
M^`/'8O;^_P!%^T06MQI&KZ1I^HZ5+XAA\26HLM:TH:GI6JZ3J;EKJ+3KN-+R
M*.&]/G'[
K
MORA[74?$B^(9I;33?




MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

M



MI6;T4++HC\@_&_\`P1#\!QM-+X2\5:M90OYD]K8ZPET'B1_.9(6GLKRY4
L=


?_!0'2])T2X\8?#:QB?PH?#/P3\8Z


]XL?`MG;VT$;6X0QQH@*


MS7%W;W&CZGI&H+.K7S6UO[1'X?8
IP
=\(



M

E?D







O#/CO0-=TF

?@G6C







%

M\-=0^

MI_CO3/%FA3P:YX_X'\

7DC=(
MXK:_M[@M/%;R-;LLR1








M#OX':QJFE:9\+3XS^(4?Q2UWPKX2\.^(/C?^T[\5_P!GWP?-XFL;;P?/-IGA
M_P'J?#JW\3_`!*OKN[@FET*-8M/CCEUN.2VZC1?^KWB+7O%^F^'S\-?A-:





$/^$;@NDU+Q+'HTTME





A'[QT1G?8)&R[#)8N
MS.[R.Q:JFGZ58Z8&6QM+6U0PV]N!;VT4!%O:5;6#]TJ+Y%LDK+!$$`C+S.,
MM,V-&@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBB@`H

M'SH]'&HQN=J)IT]N)`AX\Y)-1GL+0H!R&-R`


M&.
F!%;3R9'R0RMB,N#2NG*=]
MO:4^W_7PIPFK-PJ)-75Z=35=_@/2$\16^;GRD.?EFMR1QV`FR3W``);I]7
1
M`V`7\A-!V2[1\WEF:




M5+#ENF


0J@W$:Y8G`&2P49..20!D$D#FM2*
/0_I_C1O'H?T_QJ%C




+]'#F:*:RT
MN?3]2LX$&5D:QNWU'2+^.6=<[Y83:7
=T$Z2!77^?*_B5A

MDJ
:=*I4BY7NY-VA9N
ER[^A_3F#\*






\




CR.`9$!W
M#\#;G_@K7\





MJD9R;FJM6
D]UR5)0BGZQBFOZ04444Q!4Z]!]!_*H*G7H/H/Y4`+1110`4Q^

S



<8Z?09KB+'19Q<-!:VS7=SY
MTC2

MKQGO1&M2C=2J13OLV_\`Y$AIKH_Z^\P[_0Y[JX23$*8`78[!78]```&&3TY8
$5\OPSX;B`(\OP]H\9XXR--M$R/8&VDS_O)QDG;T=9M-:-6
M9K!-)W5M?TBBBD6%%%%`!2KU'U'\Z2E7J/J/YT`3T444`5Z***`BBB@`HH
M_P`^O\JC\P9'RM@D+D+NPQ(&&;F7&<DL%51RQ%*ZNHW]YJZ6NJV[6_%$\T4


G/!VQD9`.&





BOM!V


RA=KYZ'P?XJ0)-<SJ^QR[
Q+D!







M*U


)-ZDL0!A=






M]_





TQ8


M=7/(O[TE_*[!1115#BBB@`I5ZCZC^=)2KU'U'\Z`)Z***`*]%%%-)O97&DW
MLKA2,P168[B%4L0JL[$`9.U$#.S8'JI9CPH)(%&3Z']/\:H:OJ-KH^FW^J7

D42-(P5E8JI`8'FD]-]-&_DM_N'&$I
M5(P2OS.R6FLKJRWZWL/FO;6-&\R81KY;LSEMJK&





MWR2CRI14DFY--7=K===/&ADN*I9S3ITJ$YT



FXID


MFRO`6=TL-22:\H13Z=&K




M`8^5!']-D[J?P/0?R%6*AA.T;#Q'&_M^^FF(]\C:=W&!D8SSB:OZ\AI[

MC]!]?Z&GTQ^@^O\`0T`14444`%%%%`!0.2!ZT4HX(/H14R^%^G^0%1SEB/[K





M





I153)R69\!=H4E

MMG@O=
M=%;4;1;:Q6UF;^T]6UR]T;0K.R::XN-7BABD=/Y6_C#_P=XV?BKPO

AT]TCC3R\9G6&H\




M;6QM+*2WMA)J

(N


HWJ7[/'QE\.V
M/QH^$2:;HGB.P*_%/P!=2G4_!^P6\L7BS29`%O8KJ5;9U*Y6=]J1'$C
H4FN



O%3;?EB\0ZN)&&=DD5Q-+Y0A)4$

+[91-(V`1M<\=<8.1@\9
M..!GKW].!L;2


MY.

E]^TO\%5#;Q/\5?!Z;3G[O\`PD6E*V[`.`1Z=!Z=*^4]


MEMG[I/&


\U8K^K



=`NOWB.&+4;O3!'J.A7[F]M9II


GRNSMKTZ^9F770]^/\`XFN
U/YR





4MM'





;A_F
.MJS0_+^\+S6WR$DR1#Y


MTO%)8RI







M%
'6W(B\M

M6.W`W!


R*&DDVL@9
#]SV]![U_5#^+RY86_P#`=?N;U/XO

MZ#Z#^5`T444`(2%!8YP`2
IY=&\4_


M=:4DLVT.T+.=@^N/&OB;_@F+_P`%'_AM%X?U?XN_`+XM^'-7`O;'3=2\::)!
MK-CJ%Y$(OM^GZ1JFL:)XR\
^(+=7/DZCHU]I-^]V(EU.74K.
V$N-6I!QLI)

79(X9=6U#4+&W++-=QS6Z2!





5Q%';?%/]I3X3SQF:XAO-+\3ZGK&G6UO?J;7%Q)8&.6Y@MW;



_`MY#JDX_TF^L[SPSIES9WD\3
94N;Y[N*:ZWJ



]^X[5Y-3XGY_\`!.NBGS7MHK7?
MWGG6N7$?F;`K;%/R8YXQ@GYNF0,G)XK@)R&ECC'5[B+!/3F7`SW_0UVVJJ


M$2INQGYU1B8LKY@61XRC
@.44[TFU5/WB`1,#GJ
`')5E7G&`&*A6))P

M[.SM?1[]4AM-;JP4J]1]1_.DI5ZCZC^=4(GHHHH`YGQ3'#-H5_;31&2.Y@DC





';GQ=]HL[:[FA247,EDLR20S0VOFW4/FNFFQ^&FB/I^C:





L4=_ND@D

2-FXR@!B1M+


T9BO+F75+1(@[.


M#Y%G%958U?[
E&
X5%B&U*K*4^=5(\L:FD5[C=U[UM]SWN'O$?-^'H8:C&G4






\%O/(JQ/
EN$XWJ@#;?

MO=/0_.




@^@_E0`M%%%`#)

MX@G@FWAXIK6=)+:4*C;5\V.1'Y66-D9U?3IC]!]?Z&HE!3:OTT_$$[--;H_+

M.64N0[
FEQX8$X;`S^





N_#T&2



M?V:/@5?075XODW[+)\-?`4MH+V0DW$T]P[2NX
`A?;+NG4#)^CH[DX.7'YDG
M/Z9.




M1?`/C37=*FAM=3TGPCXHU;3;F^ECM[2WOM+T6]O+6XNKAIX4@M8[B.2:9YH
M5CB#NTL0!9?9M8D2,!I!\LBE53AI)&8$-85W3
[$A518RS$A5#$@'YO_:7@

$R;X
M98Y4*HRO&ZNCB4`Q;)`?+?S

M&$W%MJ^DWQMX75C+!_9LBW
L*@;D



E4^&T'U5K-W^7R/Q&#K81WJJ7*]5)[::=V_/;[CZBI5ZCZC^=-SP#

K1E

W[MRKO
MNC1


H;DQ




[/4O#^F:#'



^KZ!X1
3'Q/J


2#@$L

Z'9?%]OA7X;\10RZKKOAKQ-')H'@G6O#GB-

?C#^RWXN^'7@SQ




MS%WZBY;*

IVDOC[J$\'WV%J`'&0

M-?@@\=7OABS\3:EX*NEOI+G19)=.T35-2T2'5Y[:/1]3UGPY!X@THZ_I^C:G
MJDFGX$C%X%$S?3\#!_NX_'B@8E%%%`!4Z]!]!_*H*G7H/H/Y4`+1110`4Q




RIX\U&-MB
%2VC!4R8VDB;2S%\I^\)$=./F5U!%/

M$7@Q+F9HXTW7.LSI&&0`$LJQ
K)GLV`PR&*CD=-I7_!0_3K(LEY\-Y+F0?ZM
M=
UUU+/CY51&MKB
LS``*\


\:QG&_8P^*6B?&7P!JWQ(UKP



P69BRDR\)4)-VYEM
MW:MT^?FNAZN%S6O1DJ=6HWS--)M[+W7;?[F?Y+VD_/XA^
%U`_!-W^/?A`7





MWJEG\)I_!]W=L\C)X;U6Y@L8Y&R1BRG:6%XE8@F&0%)%&QQM)%?'OQM_X-E_



9^TZ]1]1_.N



'!4JP.#P592.H(/-?)7[27[*MG^T
M1J^DZA??$'Q)X0L(_A1\7?@CXKTW0M&\)ZE+XF^&?QNO_AO?^/\`2+:[\2:%


M3])AT#Q+X5U;4]5U*.ZT[5M4DGCY;PU^S!^SEXW^VZ9\+?C=XVL8/#7B/XA:


M@MM4]=L/V`?A_I'B/]G_`




M$;]F+]G+XH?&



VH/JEIX7\4:OH



M1:Y):V^NCQ1:V?B&TUBQU&:*8_

M:#;7=M\.]`CT]?'?AW6OAW=:=HU_?+%_IFL6OBFX34K#66\0Q:KXJ^PVOA[3

M7WQ/U7XGV-WH6M65E!K-A\




Q\4^!M$U:9Y%DBNKBPA2[W_P`3R7
:A]Q)W!L

1$OAB5R_L4;A77,H=2T1G;
#&TJ;5Q


M?AUXGLM7T_0M6A^/-CXIU+QQH6F?$3Q;=WGB#2E^%'AC4=6N)-7\.)J5OXGM


MEND]O$ODQ(D4

:IXI


.@PZ=\2;V[

:T
M?VH^#=775]#\:7OA'7?#VJ6,WC#7Y=09[2TT[6[5]1LO#NI7%C/+?W?ANUM
MC%&^W1+HM$.:3NK:_H?H!9KBV5!E0!A3QD''H01D'U!'8@\BO/VD_@_P/

%3NS






/5K\
M6UU;]H*Y\1^(/B;\_B)\%T^(3^%O$5K\0(9_B/J%OK%UXVU_7+SXDZM'K6I

=C-^I=%`'Y
ZS_P2YCOKFYMM)^.

^&]/BAT76]

M444`%%%%`!1110`5.O0?0?RJIUZ#Z#^5`T444`%
?H/K_0T^F/T'U_H:`(



@BLM




M6EKHUI/=_;+/6X_$











M\
2[@#QG]F_P#:AT']
MHO\`X3*SL/`_C'P)JW@F[TR+4]/\9/X:GDN1JFH^*M,MY--N/#OB;Q)!.$O/
M!?B*4R36Y46T<L221S(U?4E9EKI5K8R22V=O9V[S

M);20I

I&^[EQIT`%%%%`!2KU'U'\Z2E7J/J/YT`3T444`5Z
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*G7H/H/Y444`+
M1110`4Q^@^O]#110!%1110`4444`%%%%`!2KU'U'\Z**`/`_&?P1^#'B_P*

MT;06]W&+8W-QY.SSI-S]^GP:T7QLGC'1_A+\
M)\77%QXIT*?Q3IG@/PK8

GD1;2B@!'^!7P1OT\



`
end








begin 644 logo4.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_P``1`Q`)0#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


\@=RN[VVDX!)Z#D]SGKV!K


MSW/(XR
YKRGPW!I\

M?3_@W



















?#7]H'P1'K-[I<




?9

JS
`^JZ/!%(HRLA^9%^PFD3=OY*DH%;:Q



M$@?OODSP/XL[?FK^H
?ZL`?Q(VWU.




K@

]^@Z]\5^T_P#P03M


5I0`V#G@$G)ZNG@^
GQ:TQMMGX_P#$
7_3.:]BNU_[ZN+8+S]1
MT]


M3W[4+?#?PQIOPN\):E:77C^YTJ2+6KZT=FDT2WA_U]Y=*HVP-!_RW1V$T/\`
MRUC2N3&9?2E5M&%.E1_FI2DG][DU^!]+E^(JY92OBI*O6_EJ1C*/W))_B0_M


MSSW
YDOKR\D_M[O&DEDE5.2\I.3;1MTBDN#%'-SY+/5LS1B/&3]^*/(5RH:
M98Q&X4H`QEC^8L%&]=Q&16L
/AL-_`H8:I_U]YY?^DU(GSV/S;%YG\57$T?
/QC!!K2Z\=^'[ZNK7Q)(-S9DT^&PG9CYA65E`K^42ZMUN29A96FF
+


MXM^/$5?FDU^]D4=











M'SK:#[5!]INY4BM;;?^_FCVOM_:O5+GXK?\%,_VA_BA\2D^%EMI7C'PQ/?




T%UK]U8VL/
32I/^ZKD?A%^T!\=IO@1




R*EKX

@W4NJ7

M@WXR\3_%+7K/2?AAXK\9^(_$GP^T'0=.MK;Q%=2W\WBCPSXH\
7WA]-EYX=B
MB/B+3O%QN+W28M.MQ)J%W:VTWR;X





%G



M!IVH6
DEA-`L47E+Y
S?.K+@






!W\!$N<$=NH^O<_P3WJ]:Q+Q[_P#UO\?Z

M3QUX].^*_?;_`((


_#'PN(+O7]6E5&`N?$#7

M\%;_`-C_`.*'PB_:D\3_`!IAU#7M=^'OQEU%M1T'Q;+$-3UO0M5U(S+K/P]M


M[J[?1?4O[9'[2GQK_P?O[/O@/X'_L[3:I\'?B#\=[3PU\59]4\%-?Z)XDU

MFW7F`?N?-K]VO^UGCK]K#PQH7['/C;0OAOX&\6^#=<_9]^$VJ?`SXMZ;HMO


M



/VG4O$_AU?&/@V;7[6/^SXMD
MU[:Z3!/]N?R))-LNW\_O%_Q&TSXD'Q1KIL?AIX

M]RH@Y^U-!GFL%@Z=+
(+K3X9X<@W$T2#(\0\,_$/X7:3X\\3_`!&\
M&_::Z\&P:FGZ?;7]S<3KXUZ:3$


#6NH@[FC


NVRLOHT^&H?&NB:W


38Z33<<










:C;G`W_=Y.3^`S^/X]Z_I5_P(-D5




MSF[MXKXSMU(:QO%-ASS@DX]?4\-?`4


'[77_!)GX6?P[U*Z\=^+?V$8-
M6^'GCW0=!MX-5\0^(?!\$&EVGP?\81Z$#YMUI]WX`L-0\`:]#9I=W6KZKI^K
MM8PSC3+[[+_*K-\+8+B\^%6N^-O_P`8=4\!^)OC0T&B_#S1+66ZTW3?!]QJ

MV6?VTO$'[6?[-GQ5'@OX4^--%O;#XK_LZWW@RSUW1O%M[K4ZW/B
:%K\^KV3
M^])O;^&W\3^'8;#3=2G\*^)DO\`1M/1/`.O:CH2_D+_`,%;O^:_P`8;_5/



?[.GA




M[+#





X/%?(GBRS#2MM&=G#=!M_EG]<]#7[,_%G]A+XY:`+U]+\(2^)-/B_P/


@92W'W`2P_N\`5_4U_P1Q\*7'A[P!XZOYU:

UQ

M4TU#6ZVDV]/\1^








M#Y^0+=9

M-CIVHW^LZQJVK3:6?#]O!9ZM9R@Z/)K(G8W

.ZL
=A





MGO\`8S_91^!VC2VDJI/#IOBKQ-:V)A_UI_LW1]7\#Z`B+T+BQ\MOX6-=S\./



]S&EF7MLNRNE?\`

%4T?QMXM5@<?;-3U?2+%0!NN`<FOWV\+?`OX27WPG\#


M//H.1_&I\`_^X/BS0/VB+?3O'7[+'A'7/&H^([))=T_7=?N_BEJFCZC-


M^)W[
7QF^'-G9VFG^'!XKTK3^%O]MI'@N_]ZUL7DOU_X';BO$OOQ*^-'AO
M5+31W\(6FF:







M)N[L6
UUIS^?_IFCS?9]1@X!D


M$?\`P33^#?P27X'+^SQHWQ


^/OQ=^$M_P`=/N]#\'_``=MO$7P^UV/5+TZOXX^

(?A?\

]1EUZ^TFWA


M_B%-;0^/Y;6W^&H\

M
=A&`I:+S&MB@89'F1*%=&(P0KA6]JY.\\/:7
TDDEC:W#R_ZSSS&2
_[MA@




M



N








-!U





M7?\`PC^E:!+X@TW3_#]]\0[R.X^'_BZ[M!XB^'&M:XWQ&U1?&NMZ)?W-]XIB




8!V/P\_8-\

MK()(?$$-_=Q'33JT=YI7A_1_[4M_!AUCPYKOF5A_P2X^%=E#X5AU+Q??WDW@
MV^T*V\
Z_I/@3P1X+UVPETGQW\!/B-!XNG\2^&K'2]2N_B;K%Y\`_#OA[7OB







MD^

X\-
\^NOXE`(OA-_P`$_P#X5?!GX[^%


^&
MQX5TC^SO8/@Y^P=\7/AYX\A\:^
/CY=?$+5]-^`?BSX0:9XQU5_'E]X\FUCQ

MRN?B7H.K^&/$'BFQ\








C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH



M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`
DD6

IN@AC49
MBEX4Y[CD5

MZ#\ZQ)U#)B***9AS_HY93_WUTJPMWJ:H2UFA

M\Z


Y)!'Z$T%*$GT)A?P_VH-/+?



`CUK0M

M7\MMISQQPQ??G8;B?H*SKO5M4TFZ=;B42*'&P-'@2+W((Z&MAM`MTG\ZSEEM


W'7')'O58:9I09-]R[X``W#GCUX


VR
ZF0\MSG/UJK.L%M*L8224(`25P!]#
M@547S?+VE)+8L6FL07E^MM'PW(6WGMC%2W5X\!PG;UKF)]3@2:XEM%CM9=
MFTMN/)/H
5SUG?:G!

M:G64WH.

)&%.




MB9
JKC:

M?MVI_GZ=%*'BFWOS@M*2/?BGK
ETX19XR6Z*&'/X4G%&\:*WD
35;:5BJ71N
M&QP`N


*2[*@!&1@@GZ;:V?*U$!55IB%^;



M






MZ(]*

MUW!/'6O:P
F\/%MW/(QD%&NTB&0U1EY8?6KDAJC+RU*H]3*)6;@GZU7DJQ)P










MF^T2R1F



MQX`KG`'MD5CM!.F1Y5RQ/0@-Q_X_2:*B[20ZXHC%G=K);&-G5Q&`1@?*OX





M2RE








MO#VEZ


LM



MLT1D


@CH16JG%NR8[H

M`6(^N.E/L]5LK]MMO


BS

/@@YR(D_PJG)X[\
Q_P#
8MF_W6S5

M
;


M'K76BHK9)([:-)F#2*H#
!U/K4M424=2^:.&$?\`+20#\!S5#4DFGNH[=`0A

Q]_\XI-'106

M^7/*DZ
2A#(?3T/?K5'5=.C@(ETZSN#*X8#:P`!Q[UPXA5N:\)*W8[:6)II\
MDEKW*$5O(]PD4CD[275@WW!CD8[].M7GDDCVQP$KV`!KDHM
\3V\]Q*48)P3
M


M^3RS(2V=V01GGI4\WCTQF.PTVYNHRNU4E:(

MNP


!_4&O*O&MW_
M`&E\3M5E!REOLMU_XO/ZYKN?A'=^7K%_:$\2PAP/=3C^M:)6.K-SDY
]=H


0QX5YFP?PS3Q::@6-X.0`5QP?4@]JKRZ
M1<3?O'N$ED
J[Q]W/3GN11*I.VD0]K-;


MCO6+)$R7
S);LK.Y8-%




0!86NHT
M_N(V!4D5G9(P
=N7;UD8L:[T:%IH^[:)4\=A;0?ZN%%^@KQ/[&J-^]4.GZW'
MHCCH(B0ADEB@C;@%F`S]!U-;M@;
$00SAI-V"WOSUJ!]$G.L13QOY21N^










M
TTMU)
[#&

+(_FS-)\RNPP%4_

MM/U-;T/W:9QDM%%%`!1110`A`(P1D&LN;PWHMQ(9)=

MPB6@?]`JV_[X%'_(Z!_TK;_O@5M44`8G_(Z!_TK;_OBC_A$=`_Z!5M_W
MQ6W10!BCPEH`_P85;?]\E_X1/0?^@3:_\`?`K9HH`QO^$3T'_H$VO_`'P*






M@1SI

T_90[$Z


MLU1D?2U%(





=SK.X
MY/7''M4MO:B]

MC@DN+E8F(+M)Y:CVX'-%S6%!R5VSI?M2=ED/_`#3&O47JC_C@5RRW%]*EF+6


M`XQ4;%@.&(KAJX]/6D[KR
XX;N:7GDGF%O\`OJI=Z/T'3J
USDLK#/SG\Z?I

MUQM.?+7/XUZ=T1&E*UDS7$
:\J%R/2L#5-;NK.Y\J)K9?ESB7(-2O?RYX5!^

MG/\`6(S]U

\_S



M^@J0]*!P
*--2#`##-*A'?O1*UQ;1F..&]D$B[B5D4%&'85C6&O7,]_!:7D/E?:'V
MQF&8MS[Y'2M9%G$C!E1CG`VW8!)STK.\NQM5P\J#M40P_EAE!AOP0P*?OER
M?IZ?C4BV5\03Y-]D`*
3J=V
\U9@N)4DB=8HR&/RK]K4[O7\NM71JDWF!1;V
YBZG8K6<%U;%Y'M;QR`
+)*IW9/08]/Z5HP7=R\JH^G21*
M207+J

ME_.:JS6!GE
GVJYC!&-B/A1^E7`H`IU

M!C)ZFGT4$P!28'I2TAH`0]*13\U#56FN(H1F29$_P!Y@*ER2U91=HK#FUVP
MBX-XI/HN35&3Q3:+]QIG^@Q6,L51CO)]U;LZJBN
E\4


+K-QDR36]FO947S&_
X'Z5F:JUQ:R1H+Z^G;[\NPA0
MB=SP*+(Z(5:DG9-%Z/0(2@%RP?:
(@7:J#V%9.J6\D4D%JDSM'$



M

MTO29M0F!DRL?=L5W5O%';0)#$N$08`KU

MS6*?PV7W@Y3Z)%U_$HCC$=O;$*HP-[52DUV]D/#K&
\[5H_X5SJW_0QR?]^Q





M4+T`'TI:9(4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`94B223N!TW&J6
MK06

/'$O3/MWS]*VE498XYW&LW7M&CUFS2-IS!)$_F1N!D`].1W%

8^ZTZ679Y5F9B



M(=:*/0Y)XH1F61$'^TV*S;CQ'I=OG-R'([(
US
=L]QIMI-%8_:II682-(S'

MK4EKS

A[UC*











M_N?F.L7$F9;7\6E`6D6UN6($]Q'&O\`=BZ_G7@8C'5:O6R!03U9II,9IU4N
M6;//M3Y+'2K61YFLDEE)SB0ELD^U-L(`(K:
D]R:ZBWMEAC4;07QRQ')KT
MHA+5VT
ZM1Q^%V


5&/]E*=_PCC?\`/5_^^:/^$<;_`)ZO_P!\U@Z68/K^*


DCN?]IB:W/\`A'&_YZO_`-\T?\(XW_/1_P#OFL)8

&BM


3!-65Q'D2*
M1<D@RJ21[<=:T%&%'':N-\2^)K^WU9]*TXQPR)&KO+(I8G/8K<$]SKI4YXB
M?)`UYDL[B0QW;N65]@IM&3[#G'UJ0KI.=ZR-G(=77((P.

5Q$?B35=

6W55/U%8U_






M@HHHH`****`BBB@`HSBBFG[PH`7(]:-P]:6JUS?VEH,W%Q''[$\TI245=L



M16HQ-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:-P]:
M6B@!-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:-P]:6B@!-P]:
CUI:*`$R#WI:S;B
MZ


M
-@9'H:R;N[NEN9HX;JW4;UC4
PRC$9`QZGTI2ERJ]C-LSEM2-/DBDT!4B61

MZ5&+^^:8QA(/KNX[=#GD]:GVJ[
'M,7K
M;EAMD

:83







M.X44450PHHHH`****`
.^_YC?05IVOW!69?
M?\A1OH/Y5IVWW!0!9HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`ILG^K;Z4ZFR?ZM_H:`(C)A1





M7_JHO]T5T4/W:]Z+NDR;WU):***8!1110`4444`%%%%`!33]]:=33]]:`*NJ

@@C(KG[SPO$\YN+&=[67



XP!5*YT2?3=

M@_0=:OZM#V7L5L5R+EY2+3-.ATVT6&

M=*9+J-\J;(9G=VV?.H$BKE@
XZ



;6262X7E?




M


G]]SDUI4SS!V!


M%&










-&\QFR7//.?2NA/@_2A_J_M41]4N&']:K6VG2WTXNHY8GB-
MZLK



6C^S%I_V6KW

\






_G1='1%J75/Y



M;#
)7':




M[EBBJXO;4]+F'_OL4[[7;?\`/Q%_WV*+
?

MZS+-%5O[0LO^?RW_P_J_XT?VA9?\_EO_W]7_&BZS+-%5O[0LO^?RW_P_
MJ_XT?VA9?\_EO_W]7_&BZS+-%5O[0LO^?RW_P_J_XT?VA9?\_EO_W\7_&B




-N.NYJ;


M%LO'*_G6E!;+QROYUZ5'#
UC`J06G3BM.WL^G%6(XH8URSK^8IDU_'&
(RC\

M3%&*7:W]T_E1M;^Z?RHO$+3\_P`1


MKC!LY*E=(Q;'1BV/EKJ;#0PJAF4`#N:T$BM+!
NRLWH#69J&N@`JK`#T%;J*
MBM3C


M

+J-%QYR4+%][`Z'8OC#





B+#S7=E
M.#M0GFKUQ$\VXQ!'7'3O7!SW]GYTJ/:$$
02']ZSJ3:V.W!X:-1OFN_0ZA_$


R




M1_85C_SQ'Y5I44606

M;(K`AM/:NRUM/

6LO'\!K2@LN
MG%2W:QPV

MH&AF_P!AV7_//]:3^PK'_GG6G10!F?V%8_\`/*GQ:/9Q.&6
9%:%%*R`!P
4
M444P*]Q9P7/^M0-]153^PK#_`)X+^5:=%.[$XI]#
_L*P_YX+^5']@V'_/!?

87ELX



MRTLDCY:ZK1M*B^T*DJ9!&:UK#1`H#
``.YJT5B35(4A.0$Y/XUO2IV=SCKUN

MC\JM6UC!:C]T@6K-%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4T_?%.J.218_G=@JCN:`




?4`?^60

?YU$WH=







I*QA4G&+

^IKI=#EIMG*L2G443T
MB#_4K]*DJ.#_`%*_2I*\\]$****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H/2B@]*`.8
MN-+-UJLLNW()`J^D-K8)E\

C`*
MG8-QG\*Y[4H)HV2\B&V6/[P4\

M8#]*W@VIZ&U'F6ZL6K-$U4I/-
?+&
(I_G783CYQCI@5Y9IUW)9SM&LNU2=P

MK.:SMJ:IFOIQ)TY?9C4]5M


M

13;BQ0'.
UVM
MM]P5C.
7I_MFV^X*^ABK12.OEY=$6:***H`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`R];

9R51178YZLK












ZCY5^++=SXLLX








MB6Y9HHHIBBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#%\2C.F-]1_.N
X%=EXG.W2G/N/YUP















V;
2N/-!X!]JY&YU:XCSA%5AZ'KW_I7HFM74TL&V'=!





M3IXX

K]U8X8?454N-0GNC\S87T'2O

MRI@U%Y3MM8&;_;
M$ERY8]AT`_MF/9$GI54WRO0)%MY0A0[5)8X+,V`*S;JZ:67RH`TK#^&,EOY
M5T.F:=%=PF6[B5T)^17&?QK8BAAMUVPQ(@]%7%?887GE1BY'FRG&,G8XK2_
M^I7.HQWVH

M$XZT=*C0[QO/?I0`[=Z`T9;^Z/SK-&I2.Y#+';X.
39S_A^M/%])YT:A[:56

LR)GIN.


Z;4%$NV[^2/Y2AD&X


7D)#Q2`].*Y:.





M(6`IKM@JHZL:HZG?MIR1
OD!6;:3*S#\L`T#2N7\GL*
O_='YUR]AKT]_%)+


LD;_=8=#63I0D[F











M5CZN
_SINN0*WAZ_CP
&!^/PKVL)E$*7O5'=F*Q4)246MV4;2[UF_M8I;2RM




^X;



M?'0I5JKJ-.+[KKZGGPQ
Z;?*/F;0(;IF?4@)\_
%DR=W0GCO@XK3CO[66%(;

*LM)'NVGVXMK1$[XYJU5+2KMKRPBD==KE1N7T-7:^Q6Q


A`_P-'MIKJ/ZA%O6(P^&;5?/8W$I:8YD

L1=6=L9H9X]@',;#^M?-.I*51U*BUEO;0]I4%1A:'4L0:580+YZNW
MECDC=P`#D`CT!J9I6U&XC@M@6B!#/)C@^@%587,X#Y9)6R2<8S6IHL[6T_E.
M`03P<5UY;0PE;%QJS;<ELF]+G#C85'!N_J=-I2)%/4I*0&EK[$\HAD_P/
MB+\:+B`7$?EF22/G.Z-MI_.DDR;F






MEC8#S%CDZ@-D$]CZU2DTY5214C;$I!(5B







=Q5A;6

ZB-/S;_L[2M4U[6I[V'=:6?V:8QO\A=A^N/QIV-50FX
MN3LDO
ZNJ]_'YNGW
?'S1

M&1A@@]Q09:1DFG





M2.R.K?

?4
*V20^9/YC_Z



MH=/6520#*

/)*HS[T-

C/S3@?W1FL#5
M&


M;2?^!#_I]+U*&\ST+6]R@RT3\Y'JIZ


M'638C!2C+P/P(X-1ZS:VVB:9+J&I
K02!?/7=M`8'Y-OH!T^E4=;^(MUHE[+


M5!;7*7

W5:FJX_A^M)CCN1E
MO2LMY%TO56ED^6UO`SGHDHX&?J/U%:@&.34=S%#=0/!-&)(G&&4C@BD;Q:3

MM0L=5TP1(F_4M
BE658BW[U
=!G^(58AU_0;Q9(FCCMI)#^\CGCV


;@#;%:1(!P
DG%5W\6
M:FW3R5^B5A+
OK5/5O$NK2V9B\\JLIV.T:<JO?I5+3KF
MX@NUNX0(1''Y4(V#.WN3[FG_`&A2Y.?H=='$*-'VU1Z6:2_#7JSLWT:;4+ZR



(Y8II53/E!@=V3C^M4)+BPC
MB.[1KC&.=\('?/4GUJA-J`N9L6.C0^:7#&1Y!\ISG)VY].F:#?V;J2NT_P`#






'/6FVRQM'+=2C[SQ@H#^M,O+_3[,PP66BQI;E_
MWC/\QQBLY3I7OS7?9'EXO'4,4E3ANON-.T\3:1+GR9,R+T0@@G\ZAN_$!F)#
M71I_=#<U`MQIT\6T64!'7&0*5&M(?\`56MM%[@<UX6+Q$J\VVG;L*45N,C
MN9)CBWB9L_QN,MG33]BN8;F5B[HV6`]
8.*S?M?H2?91BHI+AY!MSA?0=ZS
MP_-3FIK2QAB



(CC(]3QTK=NRPLYOWMM5K'






MRORW/9AF67T*/)SI6[O_`#
&ZU#S-28R2



M

KOU-UC
+3
MCK47WHO0PW$I!N&6)/[BGD_4UT&C:A:Z?=
LK!(Y%`+$_=(Z9]N:X*X\0S;?


MQ(7).%!P#R*GN(]0LM@\L7EO&VY59MK#'OW_`!ID-Q9R1!O[%N4`SPD8(SWZ

TG-642G?3W




%4O
M=R.T2QT/PGJMKIU[I%Q?71E!^V`':Q8YR%SC`]Z])M-2MK7S+;S8R[%GB&\?



ETJUNQBYMHI?]]0:T%B`J0`


6/H
M/\:7-?8;HVUJ
G:]DE.V



MUS-
D8_VF`K
N/$^F09`E





1W
MLKEW$918^Q[5A]6GS\G4GD=[&54D=O/*`8X9'!.,JI//I5V72_LNG&XNW,
M4[G]U!CYB/4^E2WEM)81V5M'<2B64!WC#8D]*%0DOB_JX<KZBZAI/V+2[63


MV2=






MS*3+
[IY;/\`


MFB%K:T



NK]V\4?]LE_P`*]EGMHKADB!@?6N+UGX?VUR6ELSY



M6QMV

U.
MJ-Q=E_PQ8:]L9F2%M*W2;CN99/G=C[_6F_;+/(A&DJ2H.5W$G=CUZXSS^%2V
M^K0Y\Z'30DGF!U$/\.!T_/FKT%G?:AY9ATX0/L8-)W9B


WP_X=@T

=.:UBST:6*I




MKV@6(@M;O26A6W5_LTP
X8LXZ
W\0WMM:QB.&.

M11;6)[\YJQ#K



M3S8(W$84G)`Z`9[UTWAKP5=:M







MB2;CN^;:=O./PK/U6!;ZT&K6SR










K]*JMX


MXLC]UW'_``*NZHK58BJMI


M4444AA1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!')!%(
/&K?45EW7AC1KW/VC3X7)[E:V**

O^0;#_P!=?Z&N

]U/8UK3EHZ;
MV8T^A-:-J6G12R);MY

G[M5PI?(Z'':

M47




M7R-ZJV#7??8H_04?88_[HH65T%M?[P]C$X!]
OY&+2?.QZEGR:3^R;P]5'_?





`
end








begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!





15P^78O

M
1Q)5H5(J2]G5Q.`3R^

+POG.)IJM/#+!4&[*685






1:+I8



Z=J^HQ:]XH\&Z\FEZYI-A!)I*65Q'K%MH\WG:E9)I,.J59H_IWX$?M)?`
MS]H+3#J'PB^(^@^



9)(-5@^&_@

*4714:-6:E*4:K
M\)9`L!&5/-*&$?M*T:=5SI5_;R4TO9\GM*;3C+W.:



MU/X-/C+X9ZG=NFGO%8^)O#&M6BZ9XL\':Q)&)AI?BG2VN;Q8KR6


M?5K^SAF=.E.






MSM-%)&ZS/C]0[8?
I8NQ.JM(PDD(W(9!*\0,


MX*
N]YQB*-)87!4
!A

I2G[:GA(2S.4YVYN;

M/\


JP.7TJ
M=#+J


MB!DCBG19YB?PBNO@5XR_X)H?MB?![Q[X+UK6/$O[.OQF\?:#\*=3N-4F\J^T
M.U\?:E;Z=%X:\7B**

M5/ZO-V4(U%/WDVYI2AHU*,8)V;DFTF?0%E,DCH$&5^SC#YX*8FC4#CJ)CG
MC^'VYTZI6HY7/\*


M]K;W[A111740?S+_`/!ROK'[2_[
7[&NM?MT_LQ?MC_M&?`CQS\+?%_PM\
:


BO(K:V\T1'


M2V_:X^*G[9W_``3I^%'[7?Q`\




M7@/W!D

@SL($FT*QD$75]S1AU(B!E
M:




M?`'P1\;_`!


M-5MHVCV6I2^



M




MH?B_X6(_\=5J_:W]D_;%^R-^S(;EAM7]G;X+[ERN&4?#+PZLB%96$#@1EF)N


M\&?%WPS\+^!?%WBK2X97T/Q5\0I/$?PO\8^

MSK=R-B]CMY%4
C/(X_6;]@7_`()
?LO_`/!.C4?C!\0OAIXA^+_Q2^-WQR%C
M!\4/VF/VB_'EG\3_`(YZ]HFGM--I.AV_BV\,Z-H]OI27:V5[(;72&U3Q=JE
MAHE_XWU#Q1JGAS14M/*_V5?^-W@;]C3X]_%#]IGX._M??ML7GQ(^/OC^?X@



U_48O!_
MA/PWK/B'7;F\F


_:!L_B'8_%?X33

M5M(+C0-


M?&*.\\T;7-L&E=]O&UVT[13/Y,QB_K5O`3:R`1R3+YQW10LZS2D3R&&)

%#?^*7P3_`.G7Q)\(^-OVG?VEOVR

M-0MAJUWK5Q%^F/[$GQ'_`&SOV]_@'X!^.?P8U7X+?\$W/V+?%]I=W7[/_P`/


M60?\$K/&A




M!^T5\-?A7\6=7\6^
&_9NL?$?@'5/@-\+/B%XEL-(T_6/'/PBT#Q!\
-:\6^






M_P!G75O@+^W[\;_AGI2:=\'_`-O_`/;A_:)\5?!WQ#X:N%LM2NOV:?`OCCQ]
M\(/A^=
GNK2YMU\&:U-J/QGU?PE:7$#P:E\
OB39:9
VOM-U2&

#5T7B*QL=3TF[T[4[.+4=-OX+BSO\`3[BV@N[:




1ZWJ-CJ2Q1L\

L%V2
M11RKT8#!!][*^

?A
3A:]*3
M4:V'Q.'I5Z

MV:X'7OVNOV6/L<DOB']HCX+6`@&Z6

VO_!4+XL_&=WL_V3_V
?BC\2H;
MG]S8^





%&/CY
C_'+]H#PI^S5X-O%
M267P1^SCH4%]XYCM\!&M/^%A:Z^KPZ%?/'




^D76@Z]J-
Z^$O-IX?<W%QJ


7EW;2ZSX=C\0Z$Z:G;Z3XILH9O#7B2SMF!U;P

MX
\%Z-9Z%H





M?K7A6.4X#(89XI;%E9S+9M
L$D/UM_PVE^Q[_P!'7_LT?^'W^&'_`
TU'_#:


M1PF*.*&*.**)8T5)(T!=H+;Q@H%554*4(*@!54`G'SW_PVE^Q[_P!'7_LT
M?^'W^&'_`


_\`1U_[-'_A]_AA_P#--5`?3-%?
M,W_#:7['O_1U_PS1_X??X8?_--44W[:7['8B<O^UC^S0B!'W.?CS\+XT0%&



M)MYL*T3E1*@&9)8_.MU






M/A?3[A?`



G[/-SX
^





MX&@\57NA_$GPUH.HZ)8:OIR:SJQ`/JZ[^-WP/MK._GF\#^*O[5T&RN=0\7^&

:YH46H:'XT73]9

\7?$3P/\
?#E]?^&H[D


?$UMXV^&5KX0TSPO]%_M(



?%
.JZ)\3_$&O\`@.P\
Z!'H8\-/K=_


M0_&WC^'X3Z!X^O?AEKG_``K&\^)MQXBG\):/X

HU\(Z1
MK-UK*^$O$7BB*Q\

M
*M
M<\%ZW\%?_Q&\


MX8\0:-XW^&=WX0U6TU9+#1]46ZM$U?3+2VUW3-4TR[TR^L?%'@^XOO#%YF?2



%Z*`/_]D_
`
end








begin 644 image_002.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!





M6_:




M9?M9
8`/::***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**;O3GYEX.#\PX/3!YX

4AEC#(AD0/(7$:%U#2&




2JN!O7)1V(P&<E6<




MJ.[U#^S]-U]^S_9K.XEC_&/]O;_`(+T?L%_L#+X\T/Q+KOCG]H'X@_B[\.







MWP^ATW0M$^*?Q





^%_!FD:=

MI_@W_@GE)^W]_P`%/_`WA;]C+P=XS^*7C?1/@7X5\


M6`?OKYL09$

`Y6*1APC$25X9\`/B_I'Q_P#@
MU\*OCEX;\-^



@CF@!U
9DPP+J

_B?3;SPUI_@VW\-W'C#4O%MM-X6T_1+_
M`%^%]+4`^AOVA?VA/A?^R[\&/'OQ]^

M3O#WA?PSI9DBN?$?C7QQXANM


7-\7^*?B_P`=^)?!WTEX4\%_'C_@H-_P4'_8Y_;;O/@/XW_9:_99_8.C
M_:#NOA'<_M!^$K/P]^T3^U%KW[1_PNU?X+ZQ/I'PG_X2&/Q3^SA\'?6EZ;I

MI.5^*/\`P3A_X+'0?L`Z-\%/V)]5^&'[#5K+XQTT:Y^S9X(^




M?A=XCUOPO$8UT_Q#\:(_B?XJ@U2'7+#7K:]MK66W_4IE,+MA^S0PVYC1@8



/'/[+7@;5_



?M!

\-^%[/XFPZE!J?P_\`V?-?\4+X3U/6



/]@M

`?DY\2_^R.D_\`
M!,W]D--_:H^-UC_`

O^&:OAU\+_C?\.?VDOAG=_LK
MV7ACX+:_X!^-7PUN(QH?Q%T2^TG0+VQN?&=UI*76A:GXCUNUU76)=
N7NEN[
M'7]-\
ZDORA\0?\`@A-\*?&_BGX:_&U/VI?VI[S]L+X;?&S3_B_H?[9?Q3U'


MC^P5TGX66EII+_%./4])\!^#M'^%OZ@_'K_@WY_9:^


M``4P^)?PC^)_[




W_!&W]J']MG]JV?X]?MI?\`

M?_@GC^U1^W?XD_9XT/X8?M5?#3X%?`?X&^
=`^







MM



[3CR]_R;\_




M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H





[*/QO?7&LZ
-.^$GP[MF\)LVEZK-K0!

MG[%G_!31/VR+KX#Z-8?`CQ!\-?%WQ#^$G[1/Q)^-7A'Q7XMM9=7_`&;=9^`G

4A\/P?VWKOQ



M]B3X-?L^_'[]J?\`:/\``5QXP?Q_^UYKGP\U[XE6FN:MI5_X9T&Y^'7AW5-&


MT&\UC5_C#X`\




M5I*TN;?17?S=\;/V@OB3+H?Q!C^&_A*WL_GP_\`B?X^&FO_$-_'5EIVOIX







'Q5\?:K\.?5I\0/AY;?LZ_`_XIV6BZ_XR?P(^D1:[JWQG
MN+FS\/VL/@_Q9)K'B_Q1X?T6SN8K_?0M!M$\







'7OP\T




DK9C6EF








M^SMX2^/FA+K\GASQM\.IU^%GQZ^*`!_5RMU.&2.06S/*\:KY4C?*7\\21(KX
M^T/;&$F1BUL\D*7


OB5XT\;_%/XM?%;]FK3?A
M!X(M_CQX.LM*U#]@OQ7\;/C'X5^(_C_XD_`6U_L3Q-^T%XS^)7[-WA2V_:9T


MVA]5^)_Q!T?P/X

5*F%DX
M##;(I8.D4Z3*?FDC;[/-6M+BWBD\V4*L[(H:1LU_+%$)3$&8O-CEEMTEM6
ME$:K;R$W(M9;@.X
A^UP0A)8A;R7;M$+C^?[4/AAX^T;_@J_\?;OPI\5OVK_

+CXL0^

^)6F3?#?7/$'P.U6?P0`?LQ_:$@


'97C'\#W[7/_``4[_:[_`&:OV9/C1\;?

^(%
M@GA6^T[Q:`?OLTLJ^9B,,ZHQCA)V-(Z*22LI9DV2,\$:DJ#&Q<N6Z+!]KD<Q
MF((\;@#S%65D(8;C.A(C\VU1#'MEMQ.LTDRJS6T:M/7Y7_\`!,S]K/PUX^_8
MH^7BGXX?M_+Q1\3O%







\YADAG2)K7]RK!3#'&H6
RR2/'Y43GS

?BAXH`/[&3?2E














O_$WB3X;K


M`+/7P_\`V?OBC9^'_P!K'XS^



MF_`+X7Z'H.KZ;^VU\9HOA?;_`!^&]S^RY\1=:\^`VN/CK\-O$%MX@TOQ=X


L%L8

*$

MI_X.^/OC9X9_:3_;HT;Q)X@\??M'Z?H?B_\`9LU3X:?#CP?;__PK;?SPK\


#O$?PF?XD^



_Q
MR_:V\(^%/CA\.?VN?'/Q$^%O@/\`:Y^/_P`//A1XB\4_LX:%^S+I_P`
[V+X


M?X&_`&;]HC]LKX@:I^T!\4G\


M#7N&6*!HG9Q+)&6Q%;L@*2Q8E9BQ






M^&_Q)TWXF_L\7GC_`

MM]!E\=?&3_@H38_\%(?C#H'P^)GQED_9:UCQ3X(^&F?&_Q5\&?%.J_#?XH
M7.N0^(_B[X@_9X\!^[CP3,Z_!'5/%'A+4?#4WQ!_9S\7_U-ZS\4_%&L_P#!
M/R_^,5C%\0_`WB[Q'^R')\2[2#QTMEHWQ4\%^(-7^$1\06^D^*UTTTO2M(^







M_I]:[E.U$4*TTK06\IC

TMI)Y$$HF@#(+Z38
-?AQX
MG\(:CX-XXN/&OA'XG?'GXL']JW]I3X?_`+$0_;B^!_[$WCG7_%?[5?Q#U'P_



M)\?#^J:+K/A#PQXK^)'A_Q]_37\6O$&MZ3X_P#V:M,T[4[G3+3Q)\:O$FD:
MQL
FZ-KZ:#IO@
MG5='O[FWAM]<FTFR8:G!Q'_!1;Q-_P`*1_8X\+:7<_M'2_LR_%VP\^
+?X3





MY)\



MM!6?_!
']G/3?$W[1?[5^B?M=?MB_&#P/IOPG1_VH_BW%K?P'\1_MD^)(]?T



LAAF:UCD$

MOEC





S3_(_I%$Y9P`IY56^ZX#2%F3

M-?SV?\$P?CU;_$OXUZ]:^/?V@_A;XZ^)


\:*CW#JTS+'`K2[





M265O+)')(GF-%*\T?F;9ECDD4H[1K

MV1D$H=(XX1(;B=I3'&X?#3-(TS/
Z1&\F:0S7P@@6]DN%B1044`)'IEE$$-
MND`CA%M$+8T$-L@@6.WC%J(0L426\

42F)&$;



M3S%0Q0K@*B(D:(K*RI'&RM
D07R_.EN'9&^T3!P:;9JYDC@BB=H5MG*0P'=:
M1K*(K/#Q.$M(WE

MA2*%8DBC2*-5C6`Q&(1J%`388(=A4`H88BFUHT*QFP@
J3'=O5HW?B/$YB
\

M\9AMIS%6M(?+M8_(MC!#$;:W\HHH`L-;H0=K.DG[PK,KRQF4@R&(S+(J!B
M!E0FP`?*HIKVD$@D253+'*7#PNQ

I
VI6BZ0--UO6
%XDG618S;SVT





QV*DJ)&HG$JQ!1*IDDA




MW

%VS/8PR;M[2,&W860I,BAFC=E
M3I(K`RQ)
ID#M'(#Y11&=6**Z$VYS;=W[G_I+






%O$MA/)+$-6T
M/5]-N]*U*PFFM&MYH8KJROKN
BUD@\E[B::W\F661W**RK)2IR4DFM-'L53;


JM+YI#_.2F5
A)

M.)-'UV_\
:]X


MQ#;HZVUO!(UI;PQ6F(!''I=K$2P\V1S:P69FFE::Y


M
C2SH$N+BZEG**`'?V=;#!1!&QN#=R/D,+3W3QF:XG\J)%EFGMRT$LC+NV
M
&C

6Q2VQ]G



 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company&#13;balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are comprised of patents,&#13;net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent, which is twenty years from the date of filing&#13;the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350&lt;i&gt; Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 350&amp;#148;), the costs&#13;of internally developing other intangible assets, such as patents, are expensed as incurred. However, as allowed by ASC 350, costs&#13;associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties, legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property, plant and equipment is stated&#13;at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis&#13;over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of&#13;the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated&#13;useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures:&#13;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Equipment: 7 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize revenue when there is persuasive&#13;evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable, and collection&#13;is reasonably assured.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate net loss per share in accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 260,&lt;i&gt; Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average&#13;number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock&#13;equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31, 2014 and 2013 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive&#13;as we had losses for the years then ended.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenditures for research activities&#13;relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $47,035 and $103,293, in research&#13;and development expenses for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rent Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize rent expense on a straight-line&#13;basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840,&lt;i&gt; Leases &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 840&amp;#148;). In addition, our&#13;lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the rent&#13;holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore, rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy&#13;date. Deferred rent was $1,866 and $5,066 at March 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively and will be charged to rent expense over the&#13;life of the lease.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We have reviewed all recently issued,&#13;but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoptions of any such pronouncements may be expected&#13;to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Major classes of property and equipment&#13;at March 31, 2014 and 2013 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;372,617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;330,321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;389,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;344,691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(87,146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(33,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;302,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;311,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment not in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;362,078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;311,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 2. Property Plant and Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Major classes of property and equipment&#13;at March 31, 2014 and 2013 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;372,617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;330,321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;389,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;344,691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(87,146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(33,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;302,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;311,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment not in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;362,078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;311,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 3. Intangible Assets&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31, 2014 and 2013, intangible&#13;assets consists of patent costs of $736,648 and $37,087, less accumulated amortization of $35,994 and $5,102, respectively&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we acquired at a cost of $672,157, all of the international patent rights for a pre-portioned, ready to blend packet for beverages,&#13;particularly, smoothies, shakes and frappes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amounts carried on the balance sheet&#13;represent cost to acquire, legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated&#13;through the expiration date of the patent, which is December, 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent&#13;costs was $30,892 and $2,180 for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Estimated future amortization expense&#13;related to intangible property as of March 31, 2014 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Later years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;398,089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;700,654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Estimated future amortization expense&#13;related to intangible property as of March 31, 2014 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Later years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;398,089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;700,654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 4. Advance from Related Party&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014&#13;we received a cash advance from an affiliate of a director and shareholder of the Company in the amount of $672,157 (Australian&#13;$710,000), which was used for the purchase of certain international patent rights. The advance was repaid with interest calculated&#13;at 6.0% per annum, $5,617. The repayment was made in the form of a note in the amount $200,000 and cash of $451,495, which was&#13;net of a foreign exchange gain of $26,280, as payments were due in Australian dollars.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended March 31, 2014&#13;and 2013 we received cash advances in the amounts of $12,975 and $30,272, respectively, from a relative of an officer of the Company.&#13;The advances bear no interest and were repaid.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 11. Income Taxes&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income tax provision (benefit) for the&#13;years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(790,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(625,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(76,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(60,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(686,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Increase in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;686,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs&#13;from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax&#13;effect of the differences are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Components of the net deferred income tax assets at March&#13;31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;839,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(839,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 740 requires a valuation allowance&#13;to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of evidence, it is more than likely than not that some portion&#13;or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative,&#13;management has determined that a $1,706,500 and $839,600 allowance at March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is necessary to reduce&#13;the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The change in the valuation allowance for the&#13;current year is $866,900.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31, 2014, we have a net&#13;operating loss carry forward of approximately $4,575,100. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used,&#13;this carry forward will expire as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;345,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,840,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,324,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31, 2014 we did not have&#13;any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 12. Business Segments&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014&#13;we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Australia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;65,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;44,325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;110,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2013 we operated in only&#13;one segment and one geographic location.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;All of our asset are located in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following is a breakdown of customer representing more&#13;than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;67,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customer&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2013&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 13. Subsequent Events&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The estimated useful lives used for&#13;financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures:&#13;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Equipment: 7 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Leasehold improvements:&#13;2 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Barfresh Food Group Inc., (&amp;#147;we,&amp;#148;&#13;&amp;#147;us,&amp;#148; &amp;#147;our,&amp;#148; and the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) was incorporated on February 25, 2010 in the State of Delaware.&#13;We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages, particularly, smoothies, shakes and frappes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We were in the development stage from&#13;December 4, 2009 through March 31, 2013. Our fiscal year ending March 31, 2014 is the first year during which we are considered&#13;an operating company and is no longer in the development stage.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements&#13;have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company&#13;balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We consider all highly liquid investments&#13;with an original maturity of three months or less, at the time of purchase, to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amount of cash on deposit with financial&#13;institutions exceeds the $250,000 federally insured limit at March 31, 2014. However, we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds&#13;$250,000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;(&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 820,&lt;i&gt; Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;), provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required&#13;about fair value measurements. Specifically, ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing&#13;the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities&#13;and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices are&#13;available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included&#13;in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed on the New York Stock&#13;Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Pricing inputs are&#13;other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types&#13;of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with&#13;models using highly observable inputs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Significant inputs&#13;to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with&#13;inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine&#13;the fair value of financial transmission rights.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our financial instruments consist of&#13;accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, amounts due to a related party, notes payable, and convertible notes.&#13;The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are typically unsecured.&#13;Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.&#13;Currently there is no allowance for doubtful accounts as all of accounts are deemed collectable.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are comprised of patents,&#13;net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent, which is twenty years from the date of filing&#13;the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350&lt;i&gt; Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 350&amp;#148;), the costs&#13;of internally developing other intangible assets, such as patents, are expensed as incurred. However, as allowed by ASC 350, costs&#13;associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties, legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property, plant and equipment is stated&#13;at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis&#13;over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of&#13;the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated&#13;useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures:&#13;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Equipment: 7 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 20pt&gt;Leasehold improvements:&#13;2 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize revenue when there is persuasive&#13;evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable, and collection&#13;is reasonably assured.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenditures for research activities&#13;relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $47,035 and $103,293, in research&#13;and development expenses for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rent Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize rent expense on a straight-line&#13;basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840,&lt;i&gt; Leases &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 840&amp;#148;). In addition, our&#13;lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the rent&#13;holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore, rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy&#13;date. Deferred rent was $1,866 and $5,066 at March 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively and will be charged to rent expense over the&#13;life of the lease.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate net loss per share in accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 260,&lt;i&gt; Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average&#13;number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock&#13;equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31, 2014 and 2013 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive&#13;as we had losses for the years then ended.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrant, $0.38&#13;per share, was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $0.13&#13;per share, ($216,531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The balance at March 31, 2014 was comprised&#13;of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;420,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(226,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The balance at March 31, 2014 was comprised&#13;of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;775,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(230,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 5. Short-Term Notes Payable (Related&#13;and Unrelated)&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2013, we closed an offering&#13;of $775,000 in short-term notes payable, $500,000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder, $100,000 was purchased by&#13;an affiliate of an officer, director and significant shareholder and $100,000 was purchased by an affiliate of a director and significant&#13;shareholder. The short-term notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum and are due and payable on December 20, 2014. We also&#13;issued 1,291,667 warrants to the short-term note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles&#13;the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per share, may be exercised on a cashless basis and are&#13;exercisable for a period of five years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrant, $0.38&#13;per share, was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The relative value of the warrants was&#13;$298,232, which was the amount recorded as debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount will be amortized over the life&#13;of the note, one year, and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately&#13;52% but will be paying cash at a rate of 2% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The balance at March 31, 2014 was comprised&#13;of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;775,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(230,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;544,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accrued expenses include interest related&#13;to the short term notes of $4,289 at March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We consider all highly liquid investments&#13;with an original maturity of three months or less, at the time of purchase, to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amount of cash on deposit with financial&#13;institutions exceeds the $250,000 federally insured limit at March 31, 2014. However, we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds&#13;$250,000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;(&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 820,&lt;i&gt; Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;), provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required&#13;about fair value measurements. Specifically, ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing&#13;the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities&#13;and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices are&#13;available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included&#13;in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed on the New York Stock&#13;Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Pricing inputs are&#13;other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types&#13;of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with&#13;models using highly observable inputs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Significant inputs&#13;to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with&#13;inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine&#13;the fair value of financial transmission rights.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are typically unsecured.&#13;Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.&#13;Currently there is no allowance for doubtful accounts as all of accounts are deemed collectable.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income tax provision (benefit) for the&#13;years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(790,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(625,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(76,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(60,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(686,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Increase in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;686,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs&#13;from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax&#13;effect of the differences are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Components of the net deferred income tax assets at March&#13;31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;839,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(839,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The loss will be available to offset&#13;future taxable income. If not used, this carry forward will expire as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;345,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,840,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,324,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate amount of principal payments&#13;due on the convertible notes as of March 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;420,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the options, $115,119,&#13;which was charged to expenses, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following&#13;assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 - 5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;87 - 106 %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.67 - 1.38 %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of outstanding&#13;stock options issued to employees as of March 31, 2014&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding April 1, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 6. Convertible Note (Related and&#13;Unrelated)&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2012, we closed an offering&#13;of $440,000 of convertible notes, $50,000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder of ours. The notes bear interest&#13;at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6, 2013. In addition, the notes are convertible at any time after&#13;the original issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.372 per share.&#13;We also issued 956,519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles&#13;the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per share for a term of seven years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;When the convertible notes were due&#13;we settled the notes by repaying $40,000 of the notes in cash, issuing new convertible notes in the amount of $400,000 and received&#13;payment for another new note in the amount of $20,000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and are due and payable&#13;on September 6, 2015. In addition the new notes are convertible at any time after the original issue date until the new notes are&#13;no longer outstanding, into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also issued warrants to the new note&#13;holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common&#13;stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1,680,000 warrants issued. The warrants previously issued with the original note&#13;have been cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with the guidance in ASC&#13;Topic 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (&amp;#147;ASC 470&amp;#148;), we first calculated the fair value of the warrants&#13;issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined that there was a beneficial conversion feature.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $0.13&#13;per share, ($216,531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The relative value of the warrants to&#13;the notes was $142,873, which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We also recorded a beneficial conversion&#13;feature on the convertible notes of $125,905. The amounts recorded as debt discount will be amortized over the life of the notes,&#13;two years, and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 74% but&#13;will be paying cash at a rate of 12% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The balance at March 31, 2014 was comprised&#13;of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;420,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(226,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accrued expenses include interest related&#13;to the convertible notes of $28,445 at March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate amount of principal payments&#13;due on the convertible notes as of March 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;420,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We lease office space under non-cancelable&#13;operating lease, which expires October 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate minimum requirements under&#13;non-cancelable leases as of March 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Rent expense was $77,007 and $38,119&#13;for the year ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 8. Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During prior periods we issued 1,850,000&#13;shares of our common stock to non-employees for various consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC Topic 505-50, Equity&#13;Based Payments to Non-Employees (&amp;#147;ASC 505-50&amp;#148;), the shares issued are being amortized over the periods of the contracts,&#13;which range from one to two years. The shares were valued at the market price on the date of grant. The aggregate value of the&#13;shares previously issued was $596,500. There is no unamortized balance at March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we terminated a contract with a non-employee. All previously unvested stock option expense attributed to the non-employee, in the&#13;amount of $14,747 was reversed and credited to general and administrative expenses&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We had consulting contracts, that provided&#13;for the potential issuance of an additional 1,380,000 shares of our common stock. These contracts have expired and there is no&#13;longer an obligation to issue any future shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Certain previously granted restricted&#13;stock rights and stock options were subject to performance conditions. As a result of the employee termination the performance&#13;conditions will not be met. In accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;), previously&#13;recognized unvested equity based compensation cost of $103,488 has been reversed during the year ended March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the period from December 31,&#13;2012 through May 9, 2013, we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one&#13;share of common stock and a three year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50&#13;per share (&amp;#147;Unit&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;). We sold 3,200,000 units representing 3,200,000 shares and warrants to purchase&#13;1,600,000 shares for total consideration of $800,000 less $17,500 in cost, for a net amount received of $782,500.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $266,673,&#13;was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with an allocation of the proceeds applied to&#13;the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated to the shares of common stock issued.&#13;The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in&#13;the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During July and August 2013 we completed&#13;an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, a three-year warrant&#13;to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis),&#13;and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&amp;#147;Unit&amp;#148;&#13;or &amp;#147;Units) for total consideration of $1,906,500 less $267,645 in cost for a net amount received of $1,638,855.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, estimated&#13;at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $3,089,919. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds&#13;received from the sale of the units. Accordingly, the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock, has been included&#13;in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;3 - 5&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;87 - 106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.67 - 1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During March 2014 we completed an offering&#13;of common stock units at a price of $.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, a three-year warrant to purchase&#13;one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis), and a five-year&#13;warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share for total consideration of&#13;$2,500,000 less $27,675 in cost for a net amount received of $2,473,325. Included in the cost of the offering is value of Units&#13;issued to legal counsel for services in connection with the offering.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, estimated&#13;at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $1,001,396. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds&#13;received from the sale of the units. Accordingly, the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock, has been included&#13;in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014&#13;we issued 600,000 shares of common stock to officers and directors of the Company for services rendered. In accordance with ASC&#13;718 compensation expense in the amount of $240.000 was recognized in the statement of operations for the year ended March 31, 2014.&#13;The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During ended March 31, 2014, we issued&#13;30,000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC 505, the value of the&#13;shares was charged to expense in the amount of $16,230. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares&#13;on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we issued options to purchase 800,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share to a Director of the Company.&#13;The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 3 years from the date of issuance, February 14, 2014. The fair&#13;value of the options, $115,119, which was charged to expenses, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option&#13;pricing model with the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All other previously outstanding stock&#13;options issued to employees were cancelled during the year ended March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of outstanding&#13;stock options issued to employees as of March 31, 2014&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding April 1, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 9. Outstanding Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of all outstanding&#13;warrants as of March 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placements of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16,872,332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25 - 1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,546,420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with short-term notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,291,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;64,583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 10. Interest Expense&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 30.05pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#9;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Interest expense includes direct interest&#13;of $63,276 and $30,800 for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, calculated based on the interest rate stated&#13;in our debt instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In addition as more fully described&#13;in Note 6 above, interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $228,165 and $165,689 for the years ended&#13;March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Interest expense also included various&#13;finance charges of $1,447 for the year ended March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate minimum requirements under&#13;non-cancelable leases as of March 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of all outstanding&#13;warrants as of March 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placements of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16,872,332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25 - 1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,546,420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with short-term notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,291,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;64,583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014&#13;we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Australia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;65,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;44,325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;110,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following is a breakdown of customer representing more&#13;than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;67,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customer&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2013&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;35.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times



    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://barfresh.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Property


    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://barfresh.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Property

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://barfresh.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment-MajorClassesOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails xlink:title=00000035 - Disclosure - Property
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_NumberOfWarrantsIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_ClassOfWarrantOrRightsPeriodFromWhichWarrantsOrRightsExercisable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_FairValueOfWarrantPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtInterestRateIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_ExtendedWarrantsTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_PercentageOfDividedUnpaidPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_RecognizedUnvestedEquityBasedCompensationCostReserved'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherShareIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_IssuanceOfStockUnitsDescription'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_ExercisePriceOfWarrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_NumberOfUnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_NumberOfSharesAndWarrantsIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_StockIssuableUponExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_StockUnitsIssuedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_ProceedsFromStockUnitsIssuedNetOfIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_IssuanceOfOptionToPurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_brfh_FairValueOfOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpenseNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpenseNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'





:QY;ZNM71.7T^F

MAAIL.?]
*WO7IN+++O]\2!*HC:SX=%@X]%HPV_=M4]F4D_)[5[_H
GGH4.:=


OR_L?9
M.21(#@620X/D,`Y9B`YWH/DN`+)\0$DAYBB!$$15:0*E!,%2BHA15!0JK

M(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&E
MNTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:,D0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
M
V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B(F=I%




`

O=V]R:V)O

@H@0!**```0``````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

&5))BLC9!`6R;=



MU








M@:B3%4FR]4L^/7P]]=I,-&EQG/52EFP4[HX/O%E[_.7U7U_*34\X`$2CT+

MJSZBH99+F8H;E=:%*


+'F=FP=*[TV=_(KB


M\=AR:Z:6[
=&@$H



MB)%[JK'90T.6;*S+*(*E/NV*W)8T%U;R*1?L4FN7D1
L;SCJ;KW
7AJVEI4J








0CVM$A



J0\3^GMA_VPKP_V
M/[Z]^[GX#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`./G26`4$``#1#0``&````'AL


MUQN3+&W38'7&\Z(^;
OYM,AX=0*+75$6
M[4=G:AI5MOIVJ'F3[DJ(^YUX:7;U[BYN[*LB:[C@^W8)=A:WL8<69$%3MMU
M7D`$




!C1PZ@M8L+KG8TFQAA4.
MMEA-E(0=ED=]5UMER?0YI71\K%`%CU!)L48U!HM4*$&J@/B^OK+QN8?4GS%


MP





(

[ZF#^FTG!GNF278/3E*SW0T/3




E5UO


1T&($6^8RD539OC7S\W=/4;&TB:GM6IXAM^X
MP0^+SY_F!Z5?3


I0Y?M
B_B89#LN&8W`%L


2`A][7X/(K=5AI-)
$[#)`(YVG)C-\)98L1VQBKYQXLB










2P)%8Z+WG

.T)&/*^BOJ\XI9!0P&3

C'






MI[\___E/CU]E]:W^*(IF`@JG^FGZT33G]6Q6;S^*XZ9^*




'TBOB&HOS`3

%X(]


(0&OAJ3N




Z`$DF9/6F`'H5CW8BKMR9M3/F?.`YDP/L58X'091LHKVB%^4PGE(
M9Y%A1;`/

M(
0$F'L=QBLE(UI&#(M@(Z`Q=U2$I6E%T
P=.8CI92XC2D:T1RXWF'ZP8C6P

M1MY#3!]S&5$RHF7$L`@V@H1
8:%TB4]8'QS$&B$BRKZ&@M)C5+2
&!;!1MR5

.*8!](N!0*8BA4]A8(.51&(J)D

F(EA'#(MB(NR)E



PD;Y*RV$%
;W
943*B!Y!Y2.^G`]`M%V-+;)[K+!HC

GD\!!KA--A$6K:(_X372+Q6))XI_=S/SKAWWG@]NL[';0'HOJO<B+

M/NQ'9:E^/7C=)O[1[I
Z5&Z#M?O0E.=V
M:_!KV<#&Z/;/#]@(7\6W.`!LM!;63:7#W#EV75K_?/_````__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`````$`^*






M4WF27^@T72(&36S2\


HD.*-@V1A


MMT[NM@7$JK$]H$`N2=SE@N@3&^QWWO#!SIO
SENFYZC^OOLET;R=K5)AW_Z&
M)F#9G^
$I
?=O@(C9R-$EA..:%#:V^V+L`@)_R6T*_6@#6'+!=T&(5:96P%C

.8&@!6TYXNP





MG\VT9V:;_P```/__`P!02P



SL[/K3)\.LD8[KHU038Z3
M*


*&



OW$O3X3A+.L2[
MT&'$CRL[\'OE;'.-@'3&@Y&??CP?A*.-RML'LM7?
?5*]%8U#-2T@RCD;`
MH

@PHCU5%:\;TK\Z^?]U1PC
M;4A?D4[VK

M#`Q5$^I!

M'HC=@O$2F&UE&7AR/GRM;Y4*-5J2&\M28MCM


MGH^K'@7S8RJ3FF?OT;7@J6Z2+'R63M=A]KJ+((XF1_;Y*O43)D:*]QBQX'^

43GG_I^=I.

MD(9](ZKAO48=JV%J%!20OW(=R0V
'

-=)+QMH4?!X-O(PH`7$MI#@/;
M\_RO:/T7``#__P



'R<.*
M!&YDCL(1C@P&IT5?/#VVS9L%LQ9B[JX%7P-D[JCL\*'F]<_LQH\YB+/7&5G



MH48BGQ/!I!W%%9CORUWAL.(*+DAP02H*E)###0IY`4/GC!\A8W(]HX0-*W5Y

M#R(TM6/!1


4?GLI.SFF]/QQ&
M_OCHW(P%H_/'2*2$/8$)/1\=4/+E'K/U$]-;:0ZPC%G\U'_.$P\B=?8L%
MH_/'2*2V
CIXZ_Q_#$J4.1ZPC%(0(;S_(I--#8HT`=WUA.I/
2&I&
C-
M)3*:[:'C-T?UP?M^J;K$D\/%XV(5%(]U%#+L82T+@D=#9)*%;%=;\(H).CD
MRQ21`_S+9V:NY)K$=4JGD0NMTJDG(I5`3[6B(`T/B1F)+V#!Y:W]D=Z'U*


M3I^(+K
=MH_$C*1F)#









M*5^M]#FU/\%D]VSV4[







B:$44\
N2


MYOV%IY$5\MIH9CIELR0*X\1B


`


MAZE9=R+SH)O&X71N=URGN(9GQK

$%``&``@````A`



JNM!6:[GJXVZU`?O29EY:5
4IG%;V659_]RJ*Y1)Z(W(DLH?7-=_[2(

]78S

M+@1]AXF\



P?:LEMMX%E4'55W2P1
MXG`$OCT=:F*

V

4ZO'X



(Q<LC4-2KTG$H55<&O$:A
_O^FZKXY3:IT4&@FEB&@X^/()
MPQF-Y^]G`L@3&8U#4L-)Q*%57!KQ&J3;@J[02/1IC8!&0BDB^LU2G^D=G=*





T#WLY'C?P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`(['?L6H`@``T08``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S


MN[C$R%C:E;15'2_P

;:?D&(80V7U`2JYQU\
MJ926U
)0U\3TFM-RF1;$H=A3B05'?8,WT.AZHJP?BM8AO).^M)-&^I!?^F

M
*V
JFP`=

?MN6(`?&I6\HIO6_E3;KUS4C875
MSB0R[4HGV^Y85!0H`GBS#$QU8(!N(IW
Z`@MGX;X5I6T*G.1!-@N3.!H







M4&V!HR#$B+=


MF@+7UG8S0@RKN:0F4!UOX9]*:4DMO.H-
9WFM.R+9$/B

OX=#

M3:LT73?0]R%**3MQ]R\7]%(PK8RJ;`!TQ!N]['E*I@28%O-20`=N[$CSJL#W

%6!@R$
M'OK[7I2V+G`R;(\3*`HS4W=B4<)49L:ZR2OSTH.E)YDOA(`O<C212_EX1X
M0WU_2VKI8J[5'L&:`4G34;<HQD0N\;2-QN#CES-O2OJ2P%M((S=(LVR.=G!


E=UZ^W?:KFCLX#)M
MC_&MYWGV9MKYV

M:?\#XKT!0TB:*



MF3/V3*:K;^]5Z;SAEA:D7KMHXKL.KC.2%_5^[?[W[\O#H^M0EM9Y6I(:K]T/
M3-UOF]]_6YU(^TH/&#
'&&JZ=@^

M.

\F.%:Z9)&EQF3+03P]%0\]L578+

M38#.DT+[
2^\A0=

^EG@$]7^=NB!G/YH


M8+VWCP@O$$

MT(
(%QW$T#B[1R-?9&M\[/CE1I08J?$1%/8TZ@`K$/AW%0X[AX'V\HND4ME
M$B.5/5AO%HA$(G3[+KO$T,;[IE5//L\P7V1I#*P$QA(SXIX.L&(P%Y


*)
`W;RAO8?@






MSHX0=K[@HTOW+X+-_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`&1M[G
Z!```UQ``

NJ&H6IVI1D;MT
M-@O=(LY*&QF6M0D'W^VRA+WPY%BPLD&2FN5Q`_K%(:O$F:U(3.B*N'X[5E\3




M)4?1\.)_!)&6DEH2P*?+0GU'9\&T=R`Q45%*L&7N(DWJYJ?+)@:BFJ6
X@
M60*SS
:.P!Z?E1`6(,%$`T7<'M$DOP,/?`[K

#)B

.
6AN^$AD1Y&IM$X9\0L5.29X_?!F&C1\)*\#ALGPXFC!B]

/Y

MY_6#

M_VM!9P.D5PR0/.2`CVN?=]=M($69)+V!0LT\`'TMSNU1Y)B(=\D$R-\((/
M(*CS@8AZWI6G#3JRPMM7H$(/ZS\U@A:DIQ[0_@(97()T9()FEZ!:-9;11\`Q






M





X

Q8BCT<.-E
@YYZS3)0)..


MNW2?)EN'K0/Z%?9(2K(8RTO2!AO6U8=$(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4
B).5QVZM=


MA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


^8WXT)`^4

:[BV/'



MU)D




Q\^;


W2K;\`
M``#__P
U10+$ED11EN18#DZRV1YP=8.<@Q1HBH*6*)LQ
M7U22NK

MWCOOZIH3S





``$X_YH
M?&$`D*XY8JI.BJ`/`(:#P6C0&QLF_
_2\_$1R.9TH*OV*D&@R*L$@2*OLN%]
M1T+FSWH*K'0H[JL$@2*O$@2*O#J4G(&'RKU*$CR*D&@R*ML44IB7X451,5]
ME2!0Y%60)%7I0T^LPP\5NY5@D15PF4WLUGU;-;F\MMD2Q/3*3-C[.=.$@




!T??6R)+?=82\$WI?&
MN_KX%%9QLZ=IY4M?`
2J1G!7O:*19J]6WNO=VG]P(HMMD&`JV%4+])2OIJQD

M52`4R.``*T1`!P:J+BD'[0(]D


M4%2*02N!I^P3]!HXJD(@R`1TFO*




CI%/9#FI

MYX#ZFS.@NGBUV)IE8_2VP4+)48*%9-P6O.Q.)GSO%F2+ID2V2:%E3Z?.W)Q*



%F[=(K)@Q-56%JA/
^X$@]^8N/^*P@N!DT5P
M45FE'[&6E3;:7FM995^!


MK-*/?)XP!?
$M;'T(\_]0)#[S8S*1[PA&/&IE-)W\(QPA*
?$8Y2*:77^CO
MT9Y*J7T%Q_?IF!\IU)*3X$\8I$);XA;5/BHS[-KK([M1=YUN4#QAD!(XV
MG:\].



M^T$2V.?=
R]C#WX.)
J




MT3]29$I*%T6RF63):NR/?HT%=H%^EGZ4?I+]OG/BEA&9)%6VVVY@
-W3*F9D






BI^@/RL0FLIN
K_#E@X
R^M
E%/*;2<;%_-L<I,-ZCX09G/H8_C[M]`











7H4NS!XAC7&C%KE)




82!]


PF8_!Q&T1





?BFV%M#DR4A


@KX^@AK

YEB[P8EU%R5(?#
^`L\!3PO
MIO0AS.P^C$O^2QA#$&2GS-(C[#C-\?'YV2R9,:O$,Y0_.BR6PT9%JZ+5'/I
MK\9U89*CQ1!J$:T;&X#9^,PPO=`9,I$](!*+!2%-BOE7BVML3IG/P&C(LAD9
MHV!)^TO#A)JV?%HA.5#8V_9O;O6O)SR)M/;%:$`II[E\.9O97QMR_[]3A2C



M

9Q=
R.:@5]P3[4H$%P8GX





M


D\`A%E^1=H.<?M:`D$9HQE^A

M
G/1WS7G`\6LP4#+,'/:$

=CYC_
M!+`$)4-*GI7D.P$E=K?`8,^VO7JV[K?`902QF'Z5T@H`3'$(FFK%#+I&8&

VU@9B0
$7);

6+.)-[MD
=GM05-.HW
M'H]E-ALBMQ[,DDRP]\$;H)4C=):-U1$%]B!/#\P
\FB
.]4*.*9Y;-E(6\


M;.VJ\^#4P@)H%:\
%3XL$34K9V+IZ!9VLA(*:_RXC1!G\!9&@2ID4)+4A%W*
M

4


U%X
!QSE?90?-+9H)_576:VY^





M(%8\*F(@+E0]TJ




MK&Q'(S0X0S4G_J




M(J

;D'+2!X/XYEZ/213$^
+4H&'X/T^R8MH:+RJ9*.W



M-


'D
MZYE
?[/'#P`_B(]'-6:Q-.O!M7?XA;?TMPV1S9J-;P79@7G34?J:P^SJ[F

M/#9)/X(CJ.8$1NJY6\NHAM\M'#0L&2B.;/



H0`&DE#.;KE4$JZWW^D=(O:
\9TC+;68
MS%RA34#/(7(R8/4$ST7

MZ


MXG5?DY7J_0=7#
M29JKL7.]MR#:MM+'#^.9BFBE$YY+&1]E`#-^W-'?#-&

`[[)

NMD34
M9-2XV2D#1@`PV6-9($ZRB?%'DG&(9%%Q7$?7(E$0&@$5$#7C=[18:?7

@LK
'




X^




MQX$+JY(T=/4;^%OU]5Q)29-P
!Q)!'FH8=VJU
U4[G`_3IF@K%TNXPL2L$PY

MHR-ZBZI7RD9Q)QJ#_`I

M(4A$T[3




M(PIFR2A%@YD\U^05HL43Y$/&6V?V%D$)'-`^ZVO^D(69N36]


$_$J1$8%G
M#D7:R(0
]%#SI=OH&%;=+E+`XFEN
M0WD4T6IBP


:.&1@S'7OHMXT&#W\!;
M1P\8D0#'GL



8;%\@^-L'(AH:/AO&\XNZ8;

<.AZO`M?GPH\\U&?-4





M'^/'D.





H0?Z01(D)
-7\.*:RDY*S&J`B?_`5FL
M=Z^3&8]YRPO\$!_+-X#SMU=371`0;M@1LLQ76.]_JZGL\]$(&:8][H4
B0F[

M8JWT!.$F


O&BE9Q`






MWYN*R+C-.Y9)P?
*!VQKNYS%$'!!T
U]Y-8&8L(#=R4AD\.]DH3SQ3.RN+





M[C9
U.$;GSXA`TI9L_FR75$-\)T``!WT)032EB,*F59NLB$@0U6@H?GM0$






-0N]V?&S75P

UL%3LS!').A7)(%;'@-\+M9?&0



M[)6$NT?E1[FTFZ'O

D_HB]K#%*9R#G/_@R4M\^*XW`N-3T
MTSVO91K9&Z?G)W4-!P?C\5I/G*.C6(Q9Q(E_\*RD^Y8'4]9QL6D.`VA)K_;0
MT%L2?WKM;CN;Q%@!I`'B0[Z#'P]:37JTX$*








MPSKYNZZE

1=9E

VSM

CB\)
RJB?0;!ZNLL0\1@&?1#_<H5WGA$8*'Y#])9+G1^
MRP_4Q$L48UW['`T[_I?+=06*/$P8*W=B4=-G\04L$1\#Z:W
A*W$2K]:I60
M=@970-QM

MS



$CCXC8CSM



MLOR'7OKK&'HGCK-?;N'MQX




XZ;B&S
1
M)N$7
Y'VGHU8

8O.&U!NLH\Y.KJN!G
C7R`U6V#L=R)



YY86#5B&IR-
MWV#(REZ\
`BBP6

JRM`=Z
=D



MUGY?5]'\CIGF7^SH?%)VYDZN
:4KXF:L=TQS#ZU4IEG3U]Y&M8FPDO.=2CEJ


![-
M9.6M7=##B1GW#8%KHT*?FX$4H.LC-W9Z#UZ.)6
F'2$!VE5K!C#D[';S']
MZ:X!
V@D;F




8EJ2=





TNLW
HECISW;L-MK



^R#'K5&:VEZM%S'PY8%/YH2-:U3
OP]D6^OY%ZA/
M]


MY*A:3D;ZM@WG^.*.ZRE;/4LWL^?MH-R`Z@=PYGFP+7XU7=\6ZOF#0W7K%:FN

M+W-H965T
RYX;6R4EEUOFS`4AN\G[3]8OB\?(9`2A50E7;=)FS1-^[AVP`2K

OP(AV!2]9M\GP



BJU4O/UKH7`?94

!BC^2G
MR
0E5J=$=$!\T'MWA
*O=]2#H!:
#HZQ:Y!;9'J
N
3J$N$HPCS'BI?;I^$










MW`^/O_[R\-KUWX9=78\.1#@

MAF-?EYOIH7;O2=^/O;9L#BY&N.^7Q.BVVZ:J/W752UL?1@S2U_MR!/[#KCD.
M;]'::DFXMNR_O1SOJJX]0HBG9M^


`OW;
MU*^#]=T9=MWK;WVS^:
YU*`VY$EEX*GKOBGHEXWZ%SSLS9[^/&7@S][9U-OR

+N-S\_U4
%BD*8E8Q4I*K;`P'X=-I&E08H4OZ8





%XF1!%-J(X(P

6ER


LTG)ZB
MNS@R.W!BD&O

_=\VN7F&$8


!6FPQ5S'4/F8H5SO@1*-!(KG9`'6D51W

[$O6)0LN8/;CDMG)+@)=E=9B/34RS+C$*N
7A!%9P]*Q$(
MM/+Y60FO5_'Z\5@^UU_+_KDY#


W^_U5T8:+`)^#!C


.1\JY^KJE@;!H_/-(OX@A4TARM'5F91!8?E
(4E)TZ@_?R<%/S&

MR3@[5@N@
U#H

M*[#;@8A$8.O#QS/E
604:!:6(YABEH(`^*MEB5@:D)'H7?Z_)H?JO-5M=^%X
MIDT`KNTIKUX20:EK\857+/N-(!E10V+5)#:HKZ];4TD


(N?]DM'<,H211=+E.
M#1G?GP*L:AO:BQBTUS+)P-[N=;+L;I%EC]'E@#W9?6]14SC+5GUMDS8![@M
M@Z*
0(6=GC&)5K4Y7J].!#5HS


M^K7FL;Z`V[?FN;\B5+L!
R.G`JTNQ^$.)@BJ[8:^MNJ7:`6Q\JVV
JK:9O4.


;.(^

MG=57R+Q.%[+7(M%T*C8,8BR$JU9S46B_^1T#1K35T/P3=;J;G=5W*S.8MWK
M+'VG:]H..1IG;;L[H8W6TH4BW

M

[VK(*!

$%``&``@````A

ML

:UR6^21:W!2:KY9B?/X)OS<$[,JW:?M6B^BYZ#LF&,KD

2`IW

-9



MW+973
D6+#:B%O:E


$P$\9
M7T_Z`<6)'8HK@F-;^07P[MDFHW//%?%1,B!#%U.XL0#$K]P2I*DTQ'+^YH!
MS/0C
$X





$X/6

8
ML4$Q(1BVK;T!WCU;
.NMU<P&FDG;=M<4
M(S8PN9W-B%


T..-#-'/(0G@'


O











G?N?CB)!C?$L
;DSW1HT\$J)O=L

M



M:







VFA8`*7.Q(\S+'#\ED
MGF$RF_I\_@J^

M[XE:.IMJM4-P9F!)TU)W`I


/%KO?;:.Y#
X.&2WPSEQ%R[++G
+&EC_E.VXRP\=PME\(`G1A180
MKDA+5_R%ZI5H#*IY;YQ-`(/'1I`&%C5^JNP5!8NKG^LH$]SN=Q!.)2*7L8
MN!9S[/RS_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
.W7I=:`P``Y@L``!D```!X




F
MN=












:VMM@=)^FZ200);=J.AQ9SZ134@\T]IOZP+]2.F5]SX;_
RN?U1I
M\E=:4*@V]).(#O_0C

T^V;
7J
MFNE_;IM\KKOM:V4D]!A=



M=B


MM5ZA4^.&\!4!KQU!=)H=F#4C3L?6&!V\XRE*QO^?XX:)U)6#IK57WU1=^(
MC8P
_II%_M)SX#:
%P(/G#H


X
96Z('@&J
!C)&P0MUZ+5TMW39Q;0WHN=GU.D$^5BY@
MAH\OJ?*I'B=!-OV&&4VB9+S:INO82\]UT<P*1V7T*'+GZT7Y((+:)[7QA%9-
MGPSW4ALM7L$=!E4B'$7T'('G!Y![9=:!+1N^G!(Q+-Z@4H<W&$&$88R-T1%




M6Z;H]Z^'FP6RI

S[O/S

M)S]\I:RL%)QV!`'IN%;YZSV5!!(*-K8?:2?:P`7ZMANC(@(?BE_S^P7%4I
VDGUT6*/H0]!LF9D`[X'-GY)M+Q7!63(A





97)]RW6&!6CB'2[I=RQ*UDJKI@58
MNG852;


`($EJ;T]JY;L&8%34H;B/=08LG
MI3:*.UR:BMG.`_Z2ZIA:1S/F.*RI8&P




T-B)SU:&S?2V
M(W\)=2



MX


MY*PU




M`(TH-5@V(A93ZD3JPQX]5??-A0K#EGJ[

T7*]R/I\

M!-'(WS4&^'P
T(BF(7!GFLZJ2P


Z!9K$P34[
YJTNU[*AM[MBN[^;[7
LV



:$


V:X1X()


2E.I`;EP=QP1
T


W

30N




S^HM??2'$Z=]#N&2ABPH+#1T3:'H*829NGT9.2T@`_C6J@@T-J$CV
MWC^OQ:$[KTUO/IDM;

O)

%$O_BGQP[^K(%0=!9D
3-G[DTWTBCG!
MM%)ZY:M)A]S&A0$Q-G2NFNQ&DU$8(C$B2*I3!1Q

%
M1R5X:'*CAW)'DU$N(C$B2*I3!2Y($V6^[B'S+A7);().7&5*3BSM9Z-1L(M
M0B1&)$$DE8DB`M:QYT4P8U4$)R!Y+=#)$(D1B1!))6)DC$


(HQBC

M6VX=3VO
8#6=CHX11K%`_)C(S@

:G]/)M



8HP2C5$%JYFSC?#YSOLTJF7.D+7S:
-BQ8Q(



M?FSKZ$




M]Q


M?6A\:'WH+#B7\.QB)
/A[XB1:D;%R.S=6P-6T+R`F!*F2N!#Z$/D0^Q#XD/J
M0^9#[D/A0^E#Y4/M0^-#ZT-G@1


22`I)(/DD`)20BI(#6D@


KI`)7``)(1$DAB20%))!


M.:2`E)`*4D

]#D@!*21%I)B4D%)21LI)!:DD


M
2DAI:2
E)


M3)-[P5GB1K&=H^I;Q:!P:
L
K(@4DQ)22LI(.:D@E:2*5)
:4DOJ''(CIS)


2D@I*2/EI()4

MMX\Y9^YPBYP*SE9
CTN
M\7=Q%C33(X/:RO\FW6FXO6P%:30M'6]W8K)A3=/
MC4P5=UW#/1%WTX[+
Z?





1;F6







2DAI:2
E)
*
M4DFJ2#6I(;6DSB$W/
?E-'/F-)JLO;PB!:20%)%B4D)*21DI)Q6DDE21:E)#


][K&:ZXIV@@(*=2F35'H/?/3B+NJ'R25B^-2KVUQ-UG1Y
7'



5VZI)S5#1;GZ85&_W?3N4
M

M2@S9_6+D=:G]YY3

M^L3'[]M$^B9_A6VLCO1-_B;8V!+IF[R5/+9$^M9_]--?CU09K2$51K=%=O/H


MR^5;=;[=?5F7=R]?'IY?3Q[7G^74=;']6R`O_??R]/]YTW=-?]F\R=?I;&^@


MF5V3HC@4AN^W:O^#Q?V@('Y`M3W5MN(7?M;L[C6-J%2K6$!/S_S[/2$D0E['






ME'9S!U9);1ON_+=CMHG?QV&T/V1D=XM:Q!KF;'\.PC2@'B49W6PQI2`^4@7H

W8I):+7A+L_CT#P\RBDN
M8A8B]%V(--MZJ]-H&G3/CXI09%X3^BY$NI^N&5UKD'?HB*ZV6T9K3:KR)T6
MV$5!^BX*&BW=



1GF


@$R!3(#(@'

@(R!
M3(!

I0N_U
))8A%IV;(SJUSXE979DZ




@8R`3(%
@
B`=D#F0!
M9`ED!60-9%
FE8ZGF:32\7SSHK-=;W:(@M=^3!

M(-;5#R`#3DP:GW(N
[MV=?P
99`PU@6A$9Q+%62[B@/?1,9)*2G(#0#XLE2
M96EE-9S+(&]`*$ED)4L5996)I2U#!+2F[)0Q5N#CE'`W/R)BCG[+;[\REDZ



M!2HL$:T$NMNHM8CBC6I;K:YB!CNLOYK!
X
?OO.CSU.8[
/G\'A
:T'\Q@[6


$%``&``@````A`.&I

U;I6J3D55AR



Z/:QA#^Q
M@&DTP;[






MT1R

MZ

1UVN?20B&_E`1*`1A[1RMJ%O0@A




J0S$0('3RU&%WW
M=H6@
'59(F:X&9(P)&5(9B+$OP7U#\



M*N501B#J



MAI0








MXV


M971S+W-H965T


9:(N




6KI9
E8A[GS&+CV


N&$EUDX8.7[GQH\QWNN2ZX)]X51G$U
&-J1AZMX_V$W0;

MPB^

$%``&``@````A`$^
+D+V

T5O-ILO
M)
U?E$19L_KZ5IZ=%UXW1759NVSDNPZ_Y-6^N!S7[I_?DR\+UVG:[++/SM6%








\;]+YB.0.`GYQG&





M




W9'^OKA_)ADVDURV:M5%(
MB=#H91/XS$ISQZ3!3)-
4*RL8#!ZR6QI'7X3937O'C;SI\P:X%19=$\S1P`;
ML38`P76E8JV;2B5:*&46J]1.R8-EII2@F)JE4@4^!_+TN.8LK!;WR]+]'9#
MED0?%U`:Z`4D*&8$)0K=J);N9,K)GV_+-'2#5D2]=6RYM*.20.]6@3%UJ1
MZ%:U]#B&+'#ZA*S.VMQF%.JK9;](*`.M6A3%%4*?5PM94'75C!P_(`+D\]M
MJET02ZT\C


M+(1WZP$^#^&=%+C7:X:KWFMVY+]E];&X-




!L_9SRG2!6
MB7Q,+%@$/X0H%,)G3N02E?F8.(@=&YM5+H.DV)^UP5
NDYZER(2R:ZS$'Y(

C970+X\#324@!B65D*:+F1G)
M)7*96PQ^U&6V













O9?=4:*]8-QOW$QT+NV?WB#*^5
MM

_/;P5;=_!
7&VV
MGZTJOJH6
-E8IE`M3$/07I?AV\S




D+WN_/LO1`6#?7QW0HO%G-KM@1[!E_I.A$Z
MD





Y9_UCC9Q6P4]($
MQ:4Q?K\(?3A\J!=_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`T+5@QN0&```]'@``








RC/[25:
ME<\)5V7-E[?S*J^K,X1X+8]E][T/ZCI5_OAY?ZJ;[/4(Z_[&_R_Q.X_3
)7

5[



M-5:S;@F-T;R$)P/F#P_N`2D!G%8@`@9LK?K.EQ7S$%ILS&N)J9QER813%A

R%F#&I^OF(]FG#S
MR*

M.JJ9;?&\7WE

M:K33F$O^I#\6ODFP#5@Q82



MU#G`SG$6$P/2.OH2MG/65MCPM




MQ(!

R-2@](-`DAF4(LA*.E9ORA'A:@]8(B5&@J'S62/N1E

!3!
'\
;L?












LK'A007_


M%U33TT&U:M8-C1-RY9$?[)3


MF:!)A`!@
M2\
0NZ(05JT;6O4'
R8H$W9D$WI

D`V$Q():'*8;
M\(P8@&I2'+8A\`@#9''N0PUG$8N6!6IEF(;`
V(!JHD;VQ-XA`5W*C
^_QA@
`3*DS#',XB%KKN(&:Z@\(
M#JA6W;JA


M-Q8-@0X-$7RD=N]2PHED![5D8/J%P(@




M(R
HH)JX]5`#QF5#R@B(P*@FH1N:`6A[E$(R
H)JXL02(`'P[IG2&.!$
MXJ)K#!;

M



RUE[QI@X*&U+7LK6FK\A]F

QH(5UQ?.7#;9]B:]&(CXB`2(
MA(A$B
2()&
B:0)W
Z0)O9D_N'!H&%A[H'PO`%XYS.BF2KU)KQ(B/B(!(B$B
M$2(Q(LF82J!())*MRN&6G=BB0VC%CRC66J5$AO)-P\1'Q$`D11)$8D22
M


M#D6.B

M#*%#C*!;HX6RL^&C$7ICQ:(BRZT62):9

(H5F+;IFTIDY)(7K)

M*!)AALBQ0#^*G$AA9.5HIW=+N3O7
&L889RA\#@:2FI+$/(P\CD25?;D6%.E
M7`/L%6(4810KL:?3N8.J;'R1LE:TW[NEU5V;`6%=HR051^
J@Y=4:I5QJZ$\


MNJGTG55)PR@[T?CJD3(HT\TU'&P\CD256E:Q%3DK!7B%&$4:S$)F3J*'M=
M(GG)6M$&];]7)6MSI:KD+0859+2A6P)MQIJQ.-(JDIF9;$[U,QQ%DJ`8X3

$+:M

3I79_NT=8VRQIR=%X%YXJBW(K


(HQHE\?


MX]T53N`$S
VU


M#M!_OEM_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`9R::3*0#```?#0``&0```'AL






CRXK1M%Z49X[GNJ&34U[8&&%9


MMMVJV&%MWY#ECH2VLUG5!OWA[PO/EOR),Y?*IY^XP4#MZ%.N@)[(1ZT]#[5
M7\%B9[#ZKJ[`C\I*V8$^9NJG.']E_'A24.XY9*036Z8OMTPFXB$F7ES'2D1



M)K;O2B






HJ:8X'??S?K4[`.\L9])

C+AX!2WIDWVEU
MY(6T
G8`5]Q9!




MK]OW(UO;;:XQMUL?OGQ]_VU3[][)Q.?MV_;TLS$Z'.PVR^)E7Q_6G]\H[A_!




1+.;N;3Z60VOZ5;Z7$_
9KT:32G

;H))N.92EJ/PUNC1Y^L=V6
-&&;
M6Z7/C\6X


PC

M`4F`I$`R(#F0`DCI$I$E6GI%EKKW0%Y6E'23#`[B49/076FBL;^.M$*L%@-)
M@*1`


)`&2`LF`Y$`*(*5+1.Q4F1^(74G+V#5Q!QE(

M8KXE4.=&*F(!K@U'XZG4BIE6]9\ABAGU.NQN,ICR;8:CS*EJG=S4_JGIJ-J
M._R






MUZ


M^(#


LBVW'N$F<I;J]5A<


:($48HH0Y0C*A5
M`LD4^;WZA;+`1EQ-!]46V8/'%:(848(H190ARA$5B$J!9,PT8J(L+L2LQ+VI
MH)$W]/X#==1*V:$'E*!4BBA#E
J$)4R32HYM6='1?2H'M=]RL=M;GX0P\H
M1JD$48HH0Y0C*A5`HF8U5?J'XBY$9=#STC]C(5^#3V._`=]%K#K?XPH840K

M2UT85*/(QY!3^$HM8T



MS8FYST
*I=

VR*NM
.Q=P9


AZ35CUYLH_=?*_H1ZEC]G/.YKD_\!]WNJ'VC]N'_````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`Z)+*88``)!@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='



M_F;2K3FE4VR,722ZNVNO6-*MDQ$;6PIXX4(\G2E[)1FFYJ\'V

M*WHIF%9&%38`.N(3O?;\0!X(


V

R7D^G]@NRA<JS'/'D
/`=
V6.F9YCY@+@P)#Q
M!AT8S@!LG4F_K:T'C9&IAHO[<=]%#</@+7Y%\RL_VR_E[I!SX4JJ/^.MW

M

MF`'=SPI&/H=^#P
`%TK9UP4(D^%/9/D7``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#U

M.!%W[=J_P/%^V`#-MB4[:GX@N_7FMU])AC;5(QQ`4EF_OVV`!&DD\EDMR8/
M,?[2?9!T6D(HO:_?HZOR$B1I&-_ZJJXU526X^?$QO)W[ZE_?W\=54DS[W;T






@
R!S(







M!EF5_6

MKO^3(P`^M5FB6``EH5O5AE(R;E0&==\*`

MT/\BR.SF]V)G'.*-%B[!+(LA94#:W59EVH?J0QV4#^%LBN)!]V9E_=MN9`


M^S!$8T031ZB*:(9HCFB!:(EHA6B-:(-HBVB':(](G;DRX:P&*_B^((MSA(




M/C_5P;EI!Y\8







MU



M&8(A+W30RDE9@P+;X=@@.'9VZFENPOI*I?M

T!!

M4AL$'6M2+/!$4ALK-ZDU(DEMD%]7W[/)9
[/]XDG'*42908YOG-$VO=D-AEQ

@2@-8V
UOK+/

MDRB7J(]KGU].'

*WWPH!M_@FV


M@!7&B-S!#'QV;@C1RN9-9!#
*9Q?


MVF=5++M#_W/KOBZYW6


AAM[,U&B-R&\A.5KJJ\Z;#

MQ$[C(5HYZY!$L4'T
9S/EO\$&[H1Y6
XM+(1
XGR]HCL%%Q@PTL1J:3\X'%%
M4GG&`RRV1%*%'JS([86
<`7-297;<^#&1O:E;%26U23OBSA0FN#ZU8D42Q1(E$J4291+E%!$$TX
M?IXDG#RQ!!HI/:L1H1@QDZ:H;6R

M#

%58)#Z[83Z

EOCD&]4*1JTK`JJD'57A2L]U76O6QZI
M)5`-^`Q[RDZQ(1K8'2.2*$;DSI66GNI@\!1/R3H)9K*KYG;J:'10P?5GNJK
M62(;U`PJ.XJ'@3%P!U6@&*VN#*IIB$^QQN(;G10=M0RK*@D_
:RFGG7.0:I8
M(

M!I97K6C@#*Q$



$%``&``@````A
M`*


M;]M&$




MCT4[J





M9(+8!(D)4A-D)L@5


M1%






M\H%\7US@?5'XD:X3C%*


M^X]85)GV5JO5:L3:
M,WW.-)V7


-$/!HKGB.9
M@8&-4






%#S$'E.




;1S&85Q3*Z


87GW(BKTS)3F

M3G%I3+/P?4U+)HCV9
-J6



MO+3_1YZ9





@7=)



M5]#P=CKAOYI'=QR$O26'91KCJYY*8*MF55I1&5!]OX(HBVF^UZ\CJR[^%H


M`

S+GAM;)1676_:
!1]G[3_
M8/F]^2`!&D2HVE7=*JW2-.WCV3A.8C6)(]N4]M_O.@;/0&G3%T*2XW/N.=?X
MLKQZ;AOTQ*3BHLMQ'$08L8Z*@G=5CG__NKNXQ$AITA6D$1W+\0M3^&KU^=-R

HJ5+UDI!@6M4TXB:)9

H`Z$);Z*GG+
Q8%HM
MPX.3.Q(LC+'U_'B)HYQN%H.`?WA;*N\[TC58OM5\N([[QBD#7TR'5@+\6B@

IH:)

U(!'R/%RWO-!UCI-9


MYF\;-8N@-QY[DF6.WU9@
2
USPPZKWDM^!QA1ASI_1V<,T.0W@
M./P=R!=/HZE+R:9OAXH]<ULF*_:%-8U5&S

QM(Z:$?C/





#;$+



U/!NV

$Q7U_<%Q)I,%1*MZT#.<0I=`M--N.#G<GNFHU[4
M-]3A;CR5XNE&:N

@.9::!*OR4-PMQ:OB1R]:$'%(C+&JH
M686((D0QH@11BB@SD!FST0W#+V4

.;ZM;R-VTWF.$26(4H64\*+WNCF2_O/2G?&'O3N?KH#





M94VO






E5-58[5[HPK0OYWMA@T-ZI'E

/!W<TN.O]HFQ$C(3E+$DIE*
M#5IFUK.!;X/`!J$-(AO,;#W06R#Q`:I#18VR&R0VZP0:F!'KFG]A$-QW_
M1\P
E:+/&<L&$SDTP6NA+Y:7:I':34!\(`&0$$@$

\BYEB]J


MD5GZ5*C=JNH#\86AVZKZ-T/30B#DS6)N:B&C221T09.8M-DD3BR/W-9E58G4




M;X&




M&W#DZNL!1T



MAE7)J912$]$3:*AN&OD59N;ST:)J($R%*+M2*+663@34B+CP+5&6E%EQ8@2
M1*EIN&F40LR-)-+U-J*0A76.DKT$LU18A_VV0=


M[$^D$&5;]?I@'?9


9)32(?I0)$(:((T0S1
M'%&
*$&4(EH@RA#EB`I$I8%

/$K;R*(^U&R)16
M/:E(0^1CRA`%**$
T0S1'%B!)$*:(%H@Q1CJA`5!K(]`4[8=%W3B=\(0YD
&AD*9BO8V<,%K1!'%7HK
M.#+OS\-S%Q8LZ&HTAD/D2^0/(:!S;Y4T9
2QU&;:;-I)'5)TYBX-5DXLAQD
MW[5@H8XI*F]XB'R!ZK

T1Q1CA!E):(
H0Y8@*1*6!3#^R/%\?E;_YB`R=_8BI






M$*6(%H@R1#FB`E%I(-
)G+6-YLYXUG8@(LW6<D#Z
MJD65T1H=3F@D-*/:A'YTA8MN*KJD`
:BMQ/_+L8_

#V_7^93U=O[T=.JO=

.5:VI9H^#/O5`8RETI:2W


_^
H7LOXNCO2]UXH
:-O=]#W
M?=;T+#4]6-+M/.]V1_D'-;A7?S'HX?\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#'
MZ#\MGP8``



LR19%-TVQ




F@QT%

O!@0_;%US3=E1<I9@A#G(`S?S*7N7


7UDO$!J9D`FHC(
3(KC*=<82!@;BKD9(24B74@4@'8AU(%`1@HC^
M!%+,G@=.6^*601<QH4(Z3T\PR*[7J1G2I((#%!$A5!;.$X?@);9@6';:T


+C2OJH812P<VC-!4
MWIYCK@58EOZM;/2D1N6Z<VTX`N$U
WT.
C(HQM2**)03*$$09@U*_=*
+_#



4Z<+C0[8+1RTB*X:`FH8A,842!&'6K'/X
M!-:B`8'LVKO1FSW@8ATX7.HV[5Y&<@P'-0E%%(HIE`(TV9]@T;;G;(FZ*-!

MXVQ@DA'Y`.B/RGM+N


M3-M+
N0M-GDVW=X21R2LLF^+'9'HSGX

MPA^D#]_O?_YI^]9V7_LS(4





VO8K=?U\H:X.3+N_L04^*,+#N18
MOEZ&/]NWWTA].@\@=PX=T<8VAQ\?25_!B$*8IR2GD:KV`@7`SZIZ=2`$2F_

@RJUWYHFW^Y4\R*XK%8:1_+H=QO
MN_8M`+W!N[^5=/;$&P@L:^(1QBKGBH3J:)!G&F47PD2%_#V
[+=]FB?;Z!N
M1B5\/G`?^#GZQ*-'!-6



XT-8T;OEZ#




*F


M2Y-%/XTC;M2
3:!($UY\


M'6HV8;)T9


N*&98TCJ10?FS;)-)$RG34

6VM5
M8$


M`^U




!PO=7M+4Z`Y3=J.EG.[^L]?
+_US+OXDVI#N17\CET@=5^TH_


C(N

M+4BQ$S@705P-9V9WR=7JYEG5Y$D8*W63T3B(*!$-U[ELRHS^^7U_=4V)=:S)









M5JJJ;?M




M1H?.._/@!*EO6ONMB





M
<B).**\TE
@*.&1!H2:TBB


SHYWUQGCZS$


M=O**5]87\\GPN!B*$J[A/\!)K&YD5_)H0-+WR!\9_%_E\```#__P
`4$L#

M_WUNN19JH6D2Y:7='-][N*?N4E4LOK[5E?6*VJ[$S=+V1JYMH:;`^[(Y+NT?
MW]
O



UW
%X,IL^
M#G;*/.')/1\'Z]E'C*WS?M\M6CQU8)V@


M6!Q(=2'4@DP!%%-2L+BJ`KKW?;SQ7
MQ`DZ2\J5[T[5H&-JXT-!B(1.5).-
!'#0QD-1`
AE1Q$$CZN+(
/F7E4E8



(^6R$!)5+T/8?3[KJ=%
MN&'O)R*Q6P-)!



UJH@#GV8



H5;


M^&$0?FYI%8.&/?\`_D\5/'ZA\```#__P



MCD;[Z_;GG]97/+R


.AJ5&.ZTN'^HF1#*BM)HA_/#7G4;!U
M]2-T736\7

MM'0##\RM9S1.94


O&AM
([B.4S^LVB-VU\PHI

M`OADNM`H0.E!@:H`[_!PV$!9(+BTBYT78^94;^4C**-6&SR:S
0`H#*65$

I942)#XZO'!\YRGY



=&++4H]!




M=

@@=O[G5C#!*[(=_`H@:LIX
Y
!%_HY^J(?J^&8]./5HL.

M`/__`P!02P


M6^NGOK_ZAM$5I[+.NUES+2_PS:%IZ[R'/]NCT5W;
M\/2?79L$US8=1Y==&I


MVJSV%8R`V*ZUY6&M/UM^9LUU8[
:#/J[*C\ZX?]:=VH^XK;:_U9=2G`;YHG

8$1F8O_\6E%T!
MCH+

\?ZJ@%I4!GAM0$
:!;&F,OA2E;'9CR&@&(B$B$2(Q(@DB*2*9


$H5;0MRU4/

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````)R104O#


2[?;OS;JN3O3D

M1#0AI9B1]L-U(T`*#!UH


[-GNS76)]VV%





8




E;'OY1^-!L`:Z(0#=J/S6/?MO\LSN
+

[N*BQ8


W!PGG]Q@O]7R$=S7ZW4-9[/GJ\HPX]1
MLN$:

M````$`M54P(_4```!

MTV4L






M``````````````



\&```9`````````````````
(K


W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(





M``L'```9`````````````````



M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!?H$AJW`(``'$)```8`````````````````).;

:0``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970V,YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````
&UL4$L!`BT`








M971S+W-H965T



M]2(``!D`````````````````I


RYX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`5LO-G-`$``#.$0``&0````````````````@






;D!@``/1X``!@`````````








P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

M971S+W-H965T







M``@````A`&6P@=^K`@``

M:&5E='


M&0````````````````#



M!0``(A(``!D``````````````````(



M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#93@2@L`
``&4.```0````````````````

.5`0``````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        


        
        
        


Effective income tax rate
 Total
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

				 2014
        


        

007

119




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        

000



          

        


        
        


        

800



          

        


        
        


        

900



          

        


        
        


        

840
300



          

        


        
        


        

324
100




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 2014 was comprised
of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(230
254
    

    
    
    
544
746
    





          

        


        
        


 $0.38
per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stockholders' Equity - Summary of Outstanding Stock Options Issued (Details) (Employee Stock Option [Member]
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Number of Options
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance

000
        


Number of Options
 Issued during the period

000

000


Number of Options
 Cancelled

000)
        


Number of Options
 Outstanding
 Ending balance

000

000


Number of Options
 Exercisable

000
        


Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance
        
        


Exercise price per share
 Issued during the period
        
        


Exercise price per share
 Cancelled
        
        


Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Ending balance
        
        


Exercise price per share
 Options
 Exercisable
        
        


Average remaining term in years
 Issued during the period
        
        


Average remaining term in years
 Outstanding
        
        


Average remaining term in years
 Exercisable
        
        


Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance
        
        


Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Outstanding
 Ending balance
        
        


Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Exercisable
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      










 2012

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        

000

000
        
        


        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

				06
				 2013

				06
				 2015
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 price per share
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

519

680
000
        
        


Warrant
 exercisable period
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

531


        
        
        
        

873
        
        


Convertible notes
 beneficial conversion feature

905

019
        

905
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

445
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

513
        


        

513
        


        

513
        


        

513
        


        

513
        


        

089
        


Intangible asset
 net of amortization

654

985




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

276

800


Interest expense
 non-cash amortization of the debt discount

165

689


        

447
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 includes dividends associated with redeemable preferred stock of a subsidiary that is treated as a liability in the parent's consolidated balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

993




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        




at March 31
 2014 and 2013 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
331
    
    
    
11
070
    

    
    
    
372
617
    
    
    
330
321
    

    
    
    
3
300
    
    
    
3
300
    

    
    
    
389
248
    
    
    
344
691
    

    
    
    
(87
146
    
    
    
(33
195
    

    
    
    
302
102
    
    
    
311
496
    

    
    
    
59
976
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
    
    
362
078
    
    
    
311
496
    



to these assets of $53
951 and $33
195 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V
6$U



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W,#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S,U\V
M,6$U.&4U-F$P93$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
M
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1A=&5M96YT





&-E;%=O<FMS














\+W@Z



M
#I%






#I.86UE/E-U;6UA<GE?;V9?4VEG;FEF




T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O

#I.86UE/D-O;G9E<G1I8FQE7TYO=&5?4F5L871E9%]A;F1?53$\+W@Z







&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

S`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M97


M87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z


R+FAT



O4VAE970S





O4VAE




O

SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@




#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7

#I.86UE


M($A2968]

O






O4VAE970U

M:&5E='
O4VAE970U



O4VAE970U


&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970U-BYH



#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970U
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(







&UL


S7S8Q834X934V83!E
M



]
T1R97!O




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^





T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M


]




]





]




]
T1R;SX-




]





T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%=E;&PM:VYO





]


]








]
'0^)U-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T:6YG($-O;7!A;GD\



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@


M1&YU;7`^-C4L
C0W+#8V


]

M=7

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^










]






]



T1T

M-BPY
3


BPW

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


BPP
M











M=P@;F5T(&]F(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]






M


]







]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#8V/'-P






]



]





]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(X-2PQ

M86QI9VX]


M;7`^



]






]




]




]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#L@-C4L
C0W+#8V
!A;F0@
M-3`L,S8V+#8V,!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!-
M87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-!A;F0R
#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



]



M9VX]


C

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y
2PS
M

]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q86$S
M95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]


#`P
#`Q/'-P


M9VX]

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

#`L
M




M;7`^


]


#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/CDU+#`P

]

M;7`^-C4L
C0W+#8V

]


6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE
M-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M7S0V.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G,@*%531`D


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


C@\




]








]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S4R+#$Q
SQS



2PX



]


]


BPU.#


BPP
S4L.3@X*3QS

]

]
M






]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N

6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X
M7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T

S7S8Q834X934V83!E
2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$551D))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A
M=!-87(N(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@U+#8P

]


]





M;V8@97AP96YS97

]
M




2PV
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^

M97


M1&YU;7`^
3@T+#`P

]
T1P


2PS-3`L







3$R+#4P







]
T1N=6UP/C(U



]




]

S$L



3$X






]
T1N=6UP


]


]





T1T;W`^

@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!-
M87(N(#,Q+`R

M


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0T-BPW

S


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#




M96YS97

3$L
M



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(X


]

M;7`^-34L






M
C





]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]





]
T1T97AT






]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C(Y

]
M


]


]

BPU.#


M=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPW
#DL



@870@36%R
M+B`S
2P@

]
M




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X
M-3A?8F$S
U\V



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]

]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V
M




M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]

M97


T1T


BPU.#


BPP


]




]
T1N=6UP/C4S+#DU



T1T;W`^



S
U+#@Y



]


]


M


3
Q+#$Q
M

]



]





]
M
T1N=6T^*#$S+#4T


]





]

]


T1T;W`^
M1&5P;W-I='

]
T1N=6T^








M/B@S+#(P



]
T1N=6T^*#DY
BPR



]
T1T97AT








M



]

]
M





M+#4Q




T1T



M86YC92!O9B!C;VYV97)T:6)L92!D96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P+#(W

]
T1P

]
T1N=6T^*#4Q-2PT




M9VX]


S
U+#`Q.2D\




T1T;W`^0V%S:!A=!E;F0@;V8@

BPV
M







]


]






T1T

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F%L=64@;V8@8F5N969I8VEA;!C;VYV






]


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE
M-39A


M;G1E;G0]


M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

]
T1P

]
T1T



M


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M26YC+BP@*8C,30W.W=E+8C
30X.PT*)B

L)B

#$P(&EN('1H92!3=&%T



M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M('-T871E;65N='



M)B




@3F5W(%)O



M97

M92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






@


M;BP@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





@


M;BP@5&EM97


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



M=7)E9!L:6UI=!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

Q-#@[*2!!

30X.RDL('!R



@=&\@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
L








T0G9F]N=#H@










M86P@5&EM97

M(#`@



@:6X@3&5V96P@
M


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



@+2!3:6=N:69I8V%N=!I;G!U=',-G1O('!R

M=&EM871I;VXL('-U8V@@87



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M86P@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M;W5N='


M:71H:6X@



T0G9F]N=#H@


#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^







M=&EZ871I;VXN(%1H92!P871E;G0@8V]S='
@87)E(&)E:6YG(&%M;W)T:7IE


M:3X@26YT86YG:6)L97
@+2!';V]D=VEL;!A;F0@3W1H97(\+VD^(@F(S$T
M-SM!4T
@
S4P)B


L('-U8V@@87


T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







'!E8W1E9!R96YE=V%L('!E<FEO9',@=&AA=!A<F4@
M9&5E;65D('1O(&)E(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S=7)E9X@5&AE(&5S=&EM871E
M9`T*=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S('5S960@9F]R(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G0@


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



L(%-E
'0M:6YD




@9&5T

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^



M;F1I='5R97


M
S4@86YD(0Q,#,L,CDS+!I;B!R97-E87)C:`T*86YD(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT

@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@
M86YD(#(P
3

'!T





@3F5W(%)O;6%N





30X.RDN($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N+!O=7(-FQE


2PX-C8@86YD(0U+#`V-B!A=!-87)C:`S,2P@
M,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q



@


M;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY792!C86QC=6QA=&4@




M86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W


'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\:3Y296-E;G0@4')O;F]U;F-E;65N
M='


38P.SPO

@3F5W



M8V]N9&ET:6]N(&]R('1H92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E





]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\

]












M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M;F0@
C`Q


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q-C`[


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q-C`[

3

M+6AE:6=H=#H@





24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3
L
S

M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

S
PS,C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH

@

M='

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S
L

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/C
Q




Q-C`[

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@

V
BPP-S@\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V





T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X
M-3A?8F$S
U\V




T1T97AT

M:7

]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]
T1R

T0G

M;W)M86P@5&EM97


M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

S8L

M;B!O9B`D


T0G9F]N=#H@





L#0IP87)T:6-U;&%R;'DL

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



@1&5C96UB97(L
M(#(P

S`L.#DR(&%N

M;F0@
C`Q


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O






M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q
M+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

M:68G/C(P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[


C`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

C`Q

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M+6AE:6=H=#H@







34E)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH

@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXV

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@

M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

@



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

M86X]

#$T


]





T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@



#`I+!W:&EC:!W87

M+B!4:&4@861V86YC92!W87


@;6%D92!I;B!T:&4@9F]R;2!O9B!A(&YO=&4@:6X@=&AE(&%M;W5N
M=`D,C`P+#`P,!A;F0@8V%S:!O9B`D-#4Q+#0Y-2P@=VAI8V@@=V%S#0IN
M970@;V8@82!F;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(&=A:6X@;V8@)#(V+#(X,P@87
@



@3F5W(%)O



M97


@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30-F%N9`R
#$S

@:6X@=&AE(&%M;W5N='
@;V8@
M)#$R+#DW-2!A;F0@)#
P+#(W











]


]
T1R

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3
L('=E

!O9B!W:&EC:!W87


#`L
M







M;G0@96YT:71L97









T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL



'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G=VED=&@Z

'0M86QI

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
34E)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S


Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M








M

M8V]U;G0N(%1H92!A;6]U;G1S(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&1E8G0@9&ES8V]U;G0@



M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M(&)A;&%N8V4@870@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@=V%S(&-O;7!R:7-E9`T*;V8Z



M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q




38P.SPO

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M/B8C


34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

S`L
C4T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







#$U('=I=&@@;F]T
M:6-E('1O('1H92!H;VQD97)S(&=I=F5N(&%T(&QE87-T(#

@86YD

!D87ES('!R:6]R#0IT;R!T:&4@:6YI=&EA;!D



F(S$T.#LI+B!4



M('1H92`Q


N(%1H92!N=6UB97(@



6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T
M.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



]



]


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



PP,#`@;V8@8V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@;F]T97,L(0U


N(%1H92!N;W1E



W
B!P

M:&%R97

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@







C`Q-2X@26X@861D






@




M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

TR,!$96)T('=I=&@@0V]N=F5R




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C







M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-24G/B8C


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M




Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-



@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R

T0G=F5R=&EC
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


24[



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
'0M

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@:6YC;'5D92!I

M



M=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@87
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q




Q-C`[

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@

M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C




M.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E







]




S$L
M(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


M;CH@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\





M

M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=6YD

2P@
C`Q






M.B`Q


M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68G/B8C

M;G
M4V5R:68G/B8C

M;G
M4V5R:68G/B8C

M4V5R:68G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T



'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V




M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S7S8Q
M834X934V83!E






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P



]
M

M;&4]




M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97

@=V4@
M:7-S=65D(#$L.#4P+#`P








M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#$T+`T*

M(&%T=')I8G5T960@=&\@=&AE(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE92P@:6X@=&AE#0IA;6]U




M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



S@P+#`P


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE







@5&]P:6
@-S$X+!#;VUP96YS
M871I;VX@+2!3=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@*8C
30W.T%30R`W
3@F(S$T
2!B
M87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@8V]S=!O9B`D,3`S+#0X.!H87
@8F5E;B!R


M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


3(@



30X.RDN(%=E('-O;&0@
M
RPR
#`L


2PV
#`L


!L97-S(0Q-RPU
M











M('1H92!T;W1A;!A9&1I=&EO;F%L('!A:60@:6X@8V%P:71A;X@5&AE(&9O







M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q)3L@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF
M(S$V

#PO9F]N=#X\



M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


XS-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M







M

M97




@=&AE



M5&EM97




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C









3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97









@8F%S:7









M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@:&EG:&5R('1H86X@=&AE('!R;V-E

M=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@:&%S(&)E96X@:6YC;'5D960-





T0G

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V







M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M







T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
M
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@




M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P

#`L
M

@86YD(&1I





M96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P


M:&%R97






@;V8@;W5R


38L
C


M(&]F('1H92!S:&%R97


T0G9F]N=#H@





3$U+#$Q.2P@=VAI8V@@=V%S(&-H87)G960@=&\@97AP96YS
M97

M=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A;&EB



M/B8C



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@






Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


XY,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


38P

@



S$L(#(P

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



M
2P@

M5&EM97

T0P

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V





M-24G/B8C



M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-C(U+#`P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

34E)SXF(S$V
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4


Q

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

XU,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


34E)SXF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W




34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M8V@@
S$L(#(P


C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D




#`\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V







34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V
6$U.&4U-F$P








]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O
M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#LF
M(S$V

@87
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
M




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M/B8C




M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

XR-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


34E)SXF(S$V
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M+#4X


L
'0M


6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE
M-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M7S0V.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\



]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]

]






M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
S`N

T0G9F]N=#H@



C`Q

M;W5R(&1E8G0@:6YS=')U;65N='


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

@;6]R92!F




#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R97-P96-T


38P.SPO

@3F5W


M=7



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X
M7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]


]

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

M97



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R




M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q

3$U


M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$U


M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3

3$U


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF





M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


M)B


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH-SDP+#(P


M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@







34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B@V

T0G;&EN92UH

@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@




M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







M;W)M86P@5&EM97




M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X)3L@;&EN92UH

@


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

S0N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S


38P.SPO

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

S0N
#PO



34E)SXF(S$V

N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

W+C

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



C5P=!D
M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M

M9VEN.B`P)SY#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H92!N970@9&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

M87


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G

M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







M('1H870@82`D
2PW
#8L-3`P(&%N9`D.#,Y+#8P,!A;&QO=V%N8V4@870@
M36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

@;F5C



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



L








L(%-E
'0M:6YD




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`S
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

2PP
#`\+V9O



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`S
CPO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C




S


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




M=#H@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

BPS
C0L

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V

#$T('=E(&1I







]
M


T1T







M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#$T#0IW

M(&=E;V=R87!H:6
@;&]C871I;VX@87


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:#H@
C4E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
M



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C

M;W)M86P@5&EM97


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M;BP@5&EM97

@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M-#0E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M03PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3(L.38P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M

2P@
C`Q
M

@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#0T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C4E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E
M)SXF(S$V

L

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6=H=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M97

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



S7S8Q834X934V
M83!E



]
T1R




]




T1T;W`^

]
T1T

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY.;W1E(#$S+B!3=6)S97%U

M86P@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;B!I;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




M


S7S8Q834X
M934V83!E


]
M



]



M


]
M

]
M

M.B`Q



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M('-T871E;65N='
-FEN8VQU9&4@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:71I97




M17%U:79A;&5N='


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M








M86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^



M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


C4P+#`P


M-3`L
#`P(&EN('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=&ET=71I;VYS(&ES(&9I;F%N


M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T97AT

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\:3Y&86ER(%9A;'5E($UE87-U

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M


M($-O9&EF:6-A=&EO;B`H)B

Q-#@[*2!4;W!I8R`X
C`L/&D^

@.#(P)B






@.#(P
M('-E='
@9F]R=&@@82!D969I;FET:6]N(&]F(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@86YD(&5S



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S#0IA;F0@=&AE

T0G9F]N=#H@




@87)E#0IA=F%I


T0G9F]N=#H@





M87



@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M(&%R92!T:&]S92!W:71H#0II;G!U='




'!T+VYO


2P@;F]T97


M:6YS=')U;65N='

M('1O('1H96ER(')E;&%T:79E('-H;W)T(&UA='5R:71I97


T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:&EN97-S(&]F(&$@8W5S=&]M97(@:7
@979A;'5A=&5D('!R:6]R('1O(&$@


M;W)M86P@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@





T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V




M=&5N='
@9G)O;2!T:&ER9!P87)T:65S+!L96=A;!F965S(&%N9!S:6UI



M5&EM97


'!T)SX\+W`^


L


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M;&%N=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(&ES('-T871E9`T*870@8V]S=!L97-S(&%C




M9'

M5&AE(&5S=&EM871E9`T*=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S('5S960@9F]R(&9I;F%N8VEA

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Z


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M8V5S(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!R96YD97)E9P@=&AE('-A;&5S('!R:6-E(&ES(&1E
M=&5R;6EN86)L92P@86YD(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX-FES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1T;W`^4F5S
M96%R8V@@86YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




C`Q


M97



]





M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





30X.RDN($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N+!O=7(-FQE87-E(&%G




2PX-C8@86YD(0U+#`V-B!A=!-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-!A
M;F0@
C`Q


@3F5W(%)O



]




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

]


'!T




@86YD


L
'0M


6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE
M-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M7S0V.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$5



M
S$L(#(P




@;V8@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P


T0G9F]N=#H@


@=7-E9!F;W(-F9I;F%N

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@



@3F5W(%)O


M='


M-C%A83-E7S0V.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E





]

T1)1#!%


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

]
T1P




L(%-E




M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O;G0^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

RPS
M

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M
34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

S
P+#
R
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

S@Y+#(T

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
M



M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#(L

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M;&4]




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N



Q

M(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

S$Q+#0Y-CPO





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E

C0N:'1M





$5

]




L($9U='5R92!!;6]R=&EZ871I




2P@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M

M


M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



38P.SPO


M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@




3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/C8P+#4Q




T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


3

3@\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V



3


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

SDX


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X
M-3A?8F$S
U\V


T0G




M/3-$

@4&%Y86)L92`H4F5L871E


]

M86QI9VX]


M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@








M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



34E)SXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O





]


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O






M;&4]


M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
M

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


:6YE($ET


T1T
M;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-

M.R!W:61T:#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X







-

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A+!3


B!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A+!3


M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@







34E($-A

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



]


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G,@57-E9!F



T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M-BPU


T0G
M9F]N=#H@



T0P('-T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@





34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

6QE/3-$
M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*






M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M97



6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A
M-3AE-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M83-E7S0V.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5

]







]

'!T)SX\+W`^


L

M9V=R96=A=&4@;6EN:6UU;2!R97%U:7)E;65N='

2P@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T+S$Q-24@


M;G
M4V5R:68G/B8C

M4V5R:68G/B8C
M

M4V5R:68G/B8C
M

M4V5R:68G/B8C


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



'!T


'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T




T0G9F]N=#H@

M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M



M
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]




@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F(&=R86YT('5S


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:6YG/3-$




M=&5D(&QI9F4@*&EN('EE87)S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

M4V5R:68G/C



6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/E9O;&%T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M



M;G
@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

@:7-S=65D('1O(&5M

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SXF
M(S$V

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;6%I;FEN9R!T97)M(&EN('EE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



Q-C`[





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V


34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3$E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2XP

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3$U



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G

M5&EM97





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M
34E)SXF(S$V



M:6=H=#H@



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G




34E)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M97


@





]


T0G;6%R9VEN

M5&EM97



M5&EM97

T0P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@






M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

XS-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M8VAE9'5L92!O9B!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!787)R86YT(%5S:6YG('1H


]




M=7-E9`T*:6X@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q




24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL






]




M:6X@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O



3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@










3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]


]
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




T0G



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$U




M(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O;G0^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-BPT



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M-C@P+#`P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M5&EM97


Q




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5704%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


]

M86QI9VX]



M


]




T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C`Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V


M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



3$U



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@




M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M



3$U



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




3$U



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]





M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#PO


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

M
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


















M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$T





M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$S





T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X




M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S0N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M/B8C



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


S0N




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

W+C


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G=F5R=&EC



M(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C(U


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



]



@870@36%R8V@-C,Q+`R







M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O;G0^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-BPU

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




M
34E)SXF(S$V

SDL

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;6%R


;W-S




M('1H:7

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:61T:#H@



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#

M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P

M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

6QE/3-$)VQI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`S
SPO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q
M86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

@4V5G;65N='


]







T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M;VYE('-E9VUE;G0@86YD('-O;&0@=&\@='=O(&=E;V=R87!H:6
@;&]C871I
M;VX@87

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


C4E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M



T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X




34E
M)SXF(S$V









6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\


2P@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]


34E)SXF(S$V



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;65R($


3$U





Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@

M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





M:7

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X





38P.SPO=&0^

T0R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U)3L@


M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C




M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@






Q-C`[

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

S(N
M



M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

XP/]F;VYT


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q
M86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]


M97
@*$1E=&%I;'

T0R/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]




]



]
T1P






]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RPR.3






M-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

S
M7S8Q834X934V83!E

S
N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M






M


#$T/&)R



]
T1P


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]




]



M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


:6YE($ET96US


T1T;W`^

65A<G


S7S8Q834X934V
M83!E



]
T1R








]


]
M







M+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q+U=O

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M


]








]
T1N=6T^*#@W+#$T

M/B@S




]
T1N=6UP/C
Q





]



]
T1N=6UP/C
Q

M1FEX='5R97




]




]



M:7!M96YT(%M



]







]





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPS


M.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E






]

T1)1#!%2DQ!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@86UO



]
T1N=6UP/C4L





]



]


]




]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X
M7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@+2!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!&:6YI=&4M3&EV960@26YT86YG:6)L





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

3


#$U/]T9#X-B`@




3


#$W/]T9#X-B`@




3




]












]

]



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


M







]
T1R;SX-

M
C8L


]






]


]





#`L



]


6%A
M
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

S7S8Q834X
M934V83!E



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5$34)'

M/3-$


@4&%Y


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

S$L(#(P
M




#`P/'-P86X^

]
T1T




]




#`L

3`P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]



]





M86QI9VX]


]




T1T;W`^5V%R


]



]


]





]




]






M9VX]
T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&1E8G0@9&ES8V]U;G0\+W1D



]


C
R/'-P86X^



]



]

]
T1T97AT



]


\+W1D/@T*



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]



T0G9F]N=#H@







]
M




]




]




T1T;W`^4&5R



]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE
M-39A

O4VAE970T

M;G1E;G0]

^



I(A3:&]R=U497)M($YO=&5S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#




]


]

]
M




M
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

S7S8Q
M834X934V83!E




^+RH@1&\@


$5+




@


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R




]



]

\

]
T1R

]
M
T1N=6T^*#(S


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97




#8Q86$S95\T
M-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V

M;G0]




]

]

]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97
@



M36%R+B`S
2P@


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97



]


]


M87EA8FQE(&1U92!D871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]


]
T1T




]




]




]


]
T1T97AT



T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&]F(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

#`P



]



]







]


]


]


M
38L-3






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2PY


#$Y


M86QI9VX]



]





]





]
T1T97AT


M;7`^
3(N



]

]



]


M.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E







]


M(&%N9!5;G)E;&%T960I(T@4V-H961U;&4@;V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@57-E







]


T1T;W`^5F]L





]




M=%\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]




]


]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#(R-BPY-#$I/'-P86X^





S7S8Q834X934V
M83!E



]
T1R





]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#





S7S8Q834X934V83!E
M



]
T1R97!O





S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]






]




6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?
M-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M-C%A83-E7S0V.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/C(P

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
M
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A








CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^075G+B`S
2P@
C`Q





]
T1T



\+W1D/@T*



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C@L-S



]
T1N=6UP

]


]


#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@861D:71I;VYA
M;!S:&%R97

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
S@P+#`P

]



]















30W.U5N

'!T)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

@;V8@;VYE('-H87)E(&]F(&-O


M-SM5;FET)B






]






T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F


]




]




M


]




T1T
M;W`^4W1O8VL@=6YI='


]


#`L
#`P

M
BPU
#`L



]






]
T1N=6UP

BPU


RPS

















]
M






]



]


]












]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#(S


]
T1R




]




]
M




]

]


#`L
M


]


]




M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]


2PX-3`L


]


]




]

]
T1T



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]




]







]







]

@


]



]

]
T1T97AT




M97AT4&%R=%\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V
6$U.&4U-F$P93$-




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M36%R+B`S
2P@

]

:6YE($ET96US


T1T;W`^

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]



]



]

]
T1T







]
T1N=6UP/C$P




M9VX]





]





T1T;W`^1&EV:61E


]
T1T97AT



]
M









]



]

:6YE


M

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]



]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T97AT



]
M











6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
M
&4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C








#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]
M



]




]


#`\

M
C4L


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
C4L


]


C4L








]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]











]




]
'0^)R9N8G-P

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?
M8F$S
U\V

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS




@
M*$1E=&%I;'
I(A787)R86YT(%M-96UB97)=+!54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

M

S$L(#(P

M97


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




@
C


]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@
M3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]




]


2PV.#`L



M(&EN('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
B!Y






]





M87)D(%M






M8V5M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



:6YE($ET96US


T1T;W`^


S


M87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

M








]


]


]




]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q86$S
M95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V




M97%U:78]


]




]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q










]
M



S7S8Q834X934V83!E
0T*0V]N





]

M



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3



]






M


M


]



]
T1R




'0O:'1M;#L@


]


CXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



]


]




M/B@W.3`L






T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C8X-BPT



]
M


S7S8Q834X
M934V83!E


]
M


M5&%X97
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T








]
T1N=6T^*#
W+C

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-RXS


T1T;W`^169F


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE
M-39A

O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@*$1E=&%I
M;'


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



M86QI9VX]




M





]
T1T


#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?
M8F$S
U\V

T0G=&5X


2!O9B!.970@3W!E



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`S,!;365M8F5R73PO






T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A


#`P/'-P

M
#
Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



@6TQI;F4@



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^
C`S










#

M9R!






T1T;W`^
C`S


]


]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

M-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E











3(@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^4V5G;65N

M



]
M


]




]




]









2!R;W=S









]







;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
#8Q86$S95\T-C@Y7S0X-3A?8F$S
U\V
6$U.&4U-F$P



]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M

]
T1T97AT



]

3@N
S`E

M
38N



]
M



T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N




]



]

3`P+#@X




]




]

]




M9VX]




T1T;W`^4F5V




T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!T;W1A;!R979E;G5E/]T



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S`V
6%A
V5?-#8X.5\T.#4X7V)A
S-?-C%A-3AE-39A
&4Q






M.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R
M,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M

MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N

=.#E?-#@U.%]B83
S7S8Q834X934V83!E
2TM#0H`
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


warrants as of March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
872
332
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
546
420
    

    
    
    
1
680
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
291
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
64
583
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 $115
119
which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




        
        


stock options issued to employees as of March 31
 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding April 1
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2013
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2014
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





          

        


        
        

in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





          

        


        
        

in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





          

        


        
        

in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

706
500

600


        

706
500)

600)


Deferred income tax assets
 net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties

000


        

941)


        

059




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(790
200
    
    
    
(625
700
    

    
    
    
(76
700
    
    
    
(60
700
    

    
    
    
(866
900
    
    
    
(686
400
    

    
    
    
866
900
    
    
    
686
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax
effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


31
 2014 and 2013 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
706
500
    
    
    
839
600
    

    
    
    
(1
706
500
    
    
    
(839
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


future taxable income. If not used
 this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
    
63
800
    

    
    
    
    
345
900
    

    
    
    
    
1
840
300
    

    
    
    
    
2
324
100
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2014
we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
760
    

    
    
    
44
325
    

    
    
    
110
085
    




        
        


than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
760
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
160
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
880
    
    
    
    
    



representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
168
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
880
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
928
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Policies


 (&#147;we
&#148;
&#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; and the &#147;Company&#148;) was incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the State of Delaware.
We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.


December 4
 2009 through March 31
 2013. Our fiscal year ending March 31
 2014 is the first year during which we are considered
an operating company and is no longer in the development stage.


have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).




include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company
balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.




in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




with an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash equivalents.




institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at March 31
 2014. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds
$250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.




(&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820

(&#147;ASC 820&#148;)
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required
about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing
the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:


available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed on the New York Stock
Exchange.


other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types
of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with
models using highly observable inputs.


to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with
inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine
the fair value of financial transmission rights.


accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 amounts due to a related party
 notes payable
 and convertible notes.
The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.




Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.
Currently there is no allowance for doubtful accounts as all of accounts are deemed collectable.




net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of filing
 (&#147;ASC 350&#148;)
 the costs
of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs
associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment is stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of
the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated
useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:


5 years


2 years




evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collection
is reasonably assured.




relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $47
035 and $103
293
 in research
and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840
(&#147;ASC 840&#148;). In addition
 our
lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the rent
holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy
date. Deferred rent was $1
866 and $5
066 at March 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively and will be charged to rent expense over the
life of the lease.




with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock
equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2014 and 2013 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive
as we had losses for the years then ended.




but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoptions of any such pronouncements may be expected
to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of operations.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001493152-14-002057-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`



4$#7YR1
M?U



M$



BF5-NR^(ZZA%6



M&8MTMIS/Y4TO9:RS8[*-IH)@(ME.2B)^LFXA6;L'P+R0K`R2WD1(]5T74OTM
FM\$%JP?C6!8%[S[_7\A'V-ZG\0/

M/_!%\

I'K'%H!0/[9M&C31\*@J?
M_
;9R09V%W

M]F6D;P5_A`GJUJ4V*\A






AVY/
FV(G





M:



^FN!LY*
MP+GRPQU_/VH1W$QZJV&S$FQNO#VR-FEG-6A6LS7@5.X/:B:]U;!9.*%@W;


5/;O76E$7!-`WW_L\'+G^F.WZZTP*&0\#+EZ<
M:?^RCQHFB[ZND@A0'8=T,\)\M=V&2YI$]42%\_)DU)G]U?'!1?<O?4^&;L]

!Y1YS/E/A@1KMA^V8?+VGJ/-Z




@4LSC-9E&K&:*7S/.'W'N-[.NBF:9;
72/HDMRQWKS7.8#C[VJL!(R\:2%I.S]83K
?`J7?4




M%S:Z




='R![\M3HXEE'/SE.S:S&RI+.S84/O@&TC7Z?'[!UV0C0SOQ
M=QZ5U7E:LO
9]5C:S'?
=BNS*




V^@RW*^)V)+L#)1:NOR'DO,2%2K!N:#VP,
MMCQX@M]C

M

G.[)TB4EGT(UAY'1)
MU@M=*/C(4E\Q,G-'Y`NCDN$!SD14#GR*.=.%G(`M^`Z;BIM7DTAZ42@*!`_


@K%R)=



MX``%)W+B);[20V#I8RN:#L-9A*/]9S5EB6S?=9D*1$31$EDT0U1G5`NT^U4M
MG5;KWR2[Z7V.YSNYESH

M!!
-S/)`SZ.1+J

AG'`
M
HEL0%5W$G)/F





I'\%64?9M)D
3&S9F\I`=6

RT_^2&L'2:^$BP'^*'B/_'P+]Z8E#48(#
M:20
Y(+M`O?<'+<2:259+.+.ZCS1N`<#^*8
5N

MV3&WL!VN.-JVX,2OXB9P1C+=H/0B

MPR4)A[^
!RI88HVV;A&J2Y6=.E#E1JPB^8,`H
MJ^7'`!VPE\:SRV!4T3^8[*.FSD^D'7<1(E2`J
FGV`L?C1K)ZU69%N;-0
O

B&H[
IQ
ME.HQU01&BKHLW9J
BYV.J&6CF!G(6EID\`MRA(S9S
M70DF$OA$I5_1^BZQK]?<$@N0()=P6OD5^8^LH#;%-BBGCR


MG)R8.%

ML4IISN/U%1Z`@Y1P7#-19*JCA6K&.M5`DW*9V]E+FU89FK2[&0VH'^@H#Z

]K&9H9S35;I:0`^\3R;]`9B


M&K561\_%


NHUTZAKS^#M)&R:M49G3?;W_7D&:2!-981P+WGG4$\6;XC)9J?6


M/'6&YWYG&^H
3YWAJ3



;-A=SP#

SSU(.D

EV7S1


M9N[$!3HDFS7;7XTW3N1$7W9+2WM!7@23*?'GYTKV0.+]@M)^EHDY.@Z#^$DT


M+BOC:Z9`?3?CR:[J=8^3-[1'FJ9






RXX6R*#(MIK83-E9(
M%KO$5\AHY'INDGU
%

(
9

.*3'.(DS1FKFD;++.1
OKSR


5Y))35`+9LBOS$
M=<$*:8?3[/;(;@ZV2F51L4,WU'[/2@IV:*K16ZN]H29;*JD8\PV%))UY`XW
M-M`YAR3#R$QYQ*WL!TL.QJDX\05_-XC2.=9EB4.MX'DX$
B_'66^JZ01M`:T

MWD5A3-\IOQTX8PYJ%D7)
J^CRL#NR!Q]$P7*DID:_K=2!&P;4(=CS$[AYY^K

MMLNM`G#GT^PF
2Z^@GR^&HV$\0)`T.QR5,AL59T:RQ'S9%C/7,;5[T`X=&7
MMX_4WKE4RSCZ4H7MV^Z@7





)]\Y






2T=HY]RV5JVBC


B5=M21S$A':WJ_:;S85OGD9=
MNZN:S:91JU6:-&

MNX@_AZ$==P0FDJC.R:LW9DI[PF/3&$O//LX5
IUZ\[2Z)(M(%$=!.%=&PAF=
M&5


21C.`UA$Y5[+2IV^AZRZ
M;


MW]@-





M&&



YG)OQ[2.G,??;M%;41R<9-[C*!VJ:F=-K#OR:1OV?`&R<`U




X).[H5G@.=R)




++B*;L

VSNV%1$<<ZAV;#N:Z4=ZQWCK]




C=H9\2.C_XWAK:MG
M+!'QABMF=
/8#A2T12SEB147?8,A+(B?/S8+8<]+BVFDU:EY$(TD!&[D^\8<NK(AA
M%MA$=(0+%6?!YQR$Y&D?J+JH[YS[*OTYI`=R/(:=W$WG)\/59:'
UMSVSY+



MOI@5GO4?RE:FRQTM.^ME
(R1\@_S:7&\ZMK9?\0TV=?SAKV#[10X5[YSB05C

M`6-W83!R*R&[F9DW

M5@GE=5LS]6XO`\[N.2L`L2R^#*/;

M':O3ZRZ!VS';@85Q9MMVF9G+\!NTU8149SA7EY3NOTK2Q`&[/L!49I;NI8


M
OMM/X.MZS=W+ME619HUVC9U:]K)0/P#3A;QY

T
MF)]:OU
%X/#*D%*'(20WC
782?!V=!%
)H%_'VVYG2EM[-F&I669^:5)*X&R

]C6[LS%/I*
M/;PGNB-A-+^DCY5(X8YF9#&\:[I#0=O#`:AW*H%MFHAJ]!]6@L*?S/WHN]Z_



M(-%H!*CY




_H%:)09W+

298X0JR!KX







FIS.P&WC2ANNX)

U];U
10KAD

-(T=2=PN36R=LZ0NZ35/O:L7GX
1`ZR+KB6$`1GF8F
=3LTFPH
M4-XFH)$M?



A12
*0!RS)/]0!\#4(C83
K
M7/)-8]#(:

O
&

X/+
M:UXE&+D+L.:`:&6`
\Z_B^

3WAJ6IFJ8I(^HD-@4\
M&Z

!K
HMM;ZEKHD;*G\1+Z;*9TJ0IBCB




(GY







9!:[53&Q

I!G%^\(H6`JE0.=]3DPU%BYQ6X9D=-)PL%OD=0+2B_S]

2*.05T%B@C-9%




M1SP`8Y\G!WO&*



W!T$B*BT;.AMB.
MVA*T"QEOD?Z!





MT.TA@&1VA^E

+.!'TI2@2_C0;@`_V$5
M;_2DX`'?3C0\4
G`BNYCD[

2V_!NCZ;2J=.PZKZE'!


`



MQ(P8MV'I1.BSD+FC]
6F(8

M
1?B<F9?/!S#'`[-











2KUTZ&)\QE8.=V?L`V$!I;$TI4BW


MV&[?WP?\'@[!'Y6+JEQ4Y:)VTT4UE8NJ7-17L:S&5:
CQ^@`*!?U:.6SWYOH



J@5P;]41CTH]%0&?3*H#\N@][L:\9PH`QZ
M9=_)8-^.!AHHT%-V9/[&O15;=+]3/!L2#_.^(ES0-:;K8Z&;X1_'50A$=
M3=$M,'%CTJZ]Y[@QFR(NC2OX19+TQOC;UK!=L
#K&&U[_E&D_5^;S(J-\T\

-^?Z(W
ZEX


=Y=(U5`GK
M`V
\
E






M?&K`BN-GC]TZMN]@#25CVUB'T%258:/1\&:0&%&@7,GVM'B'\[GV.!&@O5

72S%

5E:U0Z3ON24)N


XF
&J7X*8'BL-I5<U[E#G9C
C&K')3ID#N-TZK9EV\B
MPQ*YQH8]1IPX(S^`&
W(]'E&K9<$=.=LFGI+EE:Y%G


M
I@^$![`W0K[3&3:C(?I*:)A[Q3Q[?4OR65D=AQMD)V
?''Z:FPFCRC90[+P
M_7%[EN(AV
;KM[Z4J

UXR)KEG6*$&CD:VQUVEB@MX4AYWR
I_@B&@?
ST!5DT<$L5*BZK*HR_*I4'459-%1&KW((O:

M!Q!/A=L?2WHKIO5O28=-M(?CB`O^CEZ[1GXT&LBRK7+:DC$Y`)+FDK^#QPR3




M:WBUN7Z+_LP31S7@5$Z32!M=E3



M8B9*%B0C@P\=\@A9`N)KW_E//*



&D_%KSVW7.NT_-]I/V5SQ




MJ_&B#&UMSKFR
6V-1Z
CGW
S*N:-2D



R[)N-D%:':S$T!J.*I.'[Y:VD0
3=%[+J;**;.5R6


MO5QR).=EP-^]

M

=8!I

M46FI+&T7X-I
F(&B:'



M6J%


[/HL:\+
.&1-:S-9I9=0?



$%K9A3-A;8REY]^%/!#Q93%-074O80[Q0T)Z

MMN


M#7)@95'@O/2W5&\+&8QVNU646/Q#'!@^(I0O3$)&:!^4$;KHA;R*?JH^)?
M8(

MR(A$4H93-]5**'`N_RYZ0BWO_BW!E:7XX%]!_7+PD2(4)@&MG
`\)0=[OO%.

M8X*F:Z\AUFD)=#?B%:$V85F(7;#VUN!X8Q[':VW1R2@X$[M("T[&2=_:TS
MR!ODYT$TI$1$4F/^'L8B[`\V08SN%A(?!5:3]SW4&E^X]S;W:-:G;S3E]\
M^R2=TY@9+.6&\DP+X#7]^#:`;[TZ'3F

MW)/1*U3KH.\E')DX*.2WG]$+0W]#'!I
?<,=:4$TTVB^=%.%`H<AL]QL.1/V
Z/PV:;$5XY
2<PI?G[NAN`G\!VG=U

XGO$?09NA/)RV8.&WC?J
MHOQ0INX$Q*EUWL/)9!0OV

0^DI5[AO]+.I_%7H

M+D]T/NNZ'



F
_BTO+*`]^;?[._





_D37\Z=?_X';P[=DO$U0PQTD.?G47W5^F'-=QO$?#='.L7/


M9A_N!%M^C%L+$BW8R3!DW
\HZ0


MGOP:66-+&W1[C8[:I(F!_Q&^+`7Y3#!GUG8H'#7JG]4K+*A5:I5`[W-*XTD
ME;,;ZL+H&2@E)7E\D9DHNJ-?!DRCS_RWL%%KGF4XU^C`EWS-TI#SOUI/5?:


M!'FWOQ
5G)8SAN45]'%/`I!W+I=)?NKQ//*ZETE^ZMD_UK#`@U?NA;6;,GF
M:K'N3T^#H/H5B;K.2YEM#GK=NLI[KQ;S%!;SB&,0=N;
RPUYG&R'F/U)`M


MY$1

MG%W=;1P7S]7=QIZ\^[+A\XN^F3Y
HB)/6PY\'S+KJNE+[4?.=6W4M[1A`V5-

M&K1Y`!U5:$@MSK$M3HFP6]5X45'TK%+$:R-P1LC5J^OY=M3U-QPMVYVM3)[8
ML^-BZ@:SGVS'I0A3Y#-_/@=&BUQE:L:!P33Z4



M:PY9IC8^AC+3UTG3`NDUE/1V5WK-P;#A6O;C5KTUY4`IX6W&@!@/^IIY#.+[

M_9Z]&K\LL=EI9N)?^?TC92-5[L(GO[G1(UQ/^;QUM(/(VMV4KTZR;OD3]Y;[
M]+$OZ)$+NV\\3(F(WWW@F'_*[_UY_@C;9&J')=K9#@:FT0`ELL/N.?P3P.:T

^2BS*$&)
6


\D



EMVDFX.AYTA?=/0V4VZT=(V;=(TVCG#
Q2\L.


5)[*T
/$TDJ;:+CQ\N9@LPT@
U+^8
MR[5-0@ZZ9_B#VT'(N(?L2B6CXJ5#M9E4OO1IZO4%)8#'
I/V[A[W(?FPBTG=
M.@WQVZ4HUF`7VEZ$)M#0#U%W=
]Z^+0&1G^/Q
)F-VW!P&4EZ'B?.Z:;YXH6
M[




M]J+*M`ZLC%Y(1JQ&R[I\[$M+-A]@.RTW@3_E?!:B*WT-3F&`'*[7R=Y]
YY3


M\E?W8UV?9&@M&F=O8JJF)8U&_?ZH(C%IUAP^'7ZF
KM?'


M\;=702AK*@PX!S5$+?UXC$3FBUEJ[!UX)AH(J4;4/#\XTP?V;

R`M?N^0S+



\3&(6F=TW!OWFQJ4..4X==9QNO9J




'53J$@^\L1HCZ7*U#N^MP#LH'

+8
8H65!8$X5A:K[]UAZ:_=8EC%LK]]X)U[6YH'5_GKJO9-:

48W=W07C
\.'(-J


.(SPH8(O_F1[68_



UKECTU9%Z;H)Q&/TTJ+]`!

7
M=+:
=`A%A3MT)T7#?GF*[H+YPT^8](!W3_+!7V&@\)*'T\`1&)3%@C#
M)X?

!5?(\+*`3\)0N51
-5F;.T^[::M!U(B(
MA-17%YEQ1@F

M

M9I+448C-DO3EE%S%-+JTF*#$_/KPO=BWB9L#6NC$OS#)4E1MZDE-@LIG%)


DWTVZH/7SOAU?:U98['PPX07E4T1F
C








M:&F[F#=DU+=?L2I8[_^BCRYKR'?:?T)U\W3[4FXCH7(F6;L\W6-#=J5W'C
MY\VZE


M\.W!]N0$$QB+\K$#4


M?]$-M4`M+%#Y
^:?-X

MFOWAP!H8ZVY%^PQX4^M0UM5K-M+4+B?V-#O7Q-$:##?J_UY?&./4=TRH]4).

M#

4-`V*&H]9/991@HS^

M3$?;\Y:/A-#X#$^RV9+3+PMQ`C+?`VXL(CH(F$4MI


MP`PS':U@5GXQ

+6VH3V)LRA#!



`;PVOPRQF(=3)&YDZ`J(:V.UT*4PZ'G]M.P)XH`T.JKGCE



M10_X;/_]WYGLIC8%OMB+D/_$XI_2OG7[MK\KT316DC*VWF^1[48ZY(GZ9'CW

M+NQ`;'[\T5MUIO%\YQK0C8?UL.80&MYO):$F@2VA2-L2681E88C+DKIAZ($I


!`W%YHV(^S#O5R\]R^S9V7KEJM4-H)GP#N
LC*]
M-X1IA+[KS.K8*B^/T8[(?C`
2YL

EINYREO4[A+TB?!I_AT=E
MC+7!8+AI

XR^!(Y.::H(JP.(/WCQ^
'UZ'
MGO;LF`;6'Q2=4RKK0RG-GW8@[=!P;O++O7Q/M=5$S(Y5--:CV%%NOU&!?^

JF:V]OL
MGCT*A^94'*37-=MNL9Q0!MA%8M1H!#[[B/R)=^98T_6)2%R2]6V8-H1'-Y]M
M6&KP#72Z



I1G^P`2S=1^
*E2SYMR(









\1S`DX




Q/850L'/A(3*H3\$&?K



MC`Y74:(W$R7J@
O01NA(I#P)J
TM23HB-E$F8!0'.VJ
%VWDL.P=+[+Z^\:+

M'#-TPC0N(-*5R/

@
M%;DY`C%5D9LNU@Z+$$52=;]6]K



JQD
M)3M4KVCC&][+8F8/@Z8&%'D1`8V`7GEGY6\*ZJG5_&+G&@65K.G(!!$B_E2
7V.?^5VPM(
5P]U%JBZ12Z(B)V^2'`UD6!\B!E*V
M3]RF[


M!:44B+X`KH*=VB

M6?:PF7*T4^IPJVI^:T%/@VK-YEZ@X9##X




M'S]\#OQ'3*XYZP_.^GKDHX=ZUC?/3/V'?^9XD$QI$:W1*OBUP;3*7ZB9RS0H

:8V@N+#S97R$+J-2V`@;LH9
$;=O*02@4)'H&B\*U=KO1.


M
2`Z-G7KU*JL:Q*`-=




M&ZO0XRAQ&H.789M!YXF[*XV!R3E=NM3E




^^\&U:&;NW?_




MH5'WW@8\=FY-\,4[BG\^,W_C1*Z$VCUWVFKPC/B0N\VOL^[`X$]C1:VNXW


M.'C+I_Z]Y_S%9[]Z3R2A`HIY0WE=^',/.3!$Y]5URL@%EE1Z(/.[)N#\5C.
M?R\JUK?!N0N'%99[%6M?6?GQA4?7\V_V][*K.843UG_\\WH^!W$,0MB_EU3?
MY@=AD?OS=(8Y`^&:C2V.L



M4KF
OJ975@M=8
^Q
%@?]VK*Q.KT]GZ=_.9D@U^H.&23

M:@7H

M$Q7!QYA%J`P$!D-?V8`1'`_V5PH$H

M77V#AT.;

30P
S






MAMA6&/M98S6HM@3[:Y(5F[/)H='D^/#S^_!?]3?JQ!2CS\@!W$?H*_Y+6^



M
'P27KVOL1_'RDV=C*AX7UC@5_QDO3=[D:!H3Y%B%+@^#H)'O(A]M#$^KG?
MU^CZ$N#?(V!\]:JIJ[\F&-]OV/^
&._6MU/K/?O28XRKX$C&#7@BN3#1#-J


M








R;XCFGL


_!A=]A?A00SYVS.3!*
MZ5'*((69`?6(70+GL8
(A)8=(
46GS9PK.`E/G(0!9.%9:WWP3&.][$7!MDG
MS%6.)P>'Z

P[#6[B91*S2Q'FLVB(KEQYKJ
MJMM-+FYNU7(J-7

'L`UZHW3[F4FCF^:#:'2#+CU']/

M2GR[

M

M-0INGJDB_$3:KX#4TN@?4M6-U2AZC];B=Q[8)[]5
K\J^9V-!F$\VK'0/\=N


MZ+%OB+^HGB-1&K7$A$;-N9K'*YGTAD2&TN4OY3J_9+82).MSH'A!U@KJ[\Z
M23#^
KJW0E
IKDQKCBM7;KSQQ?6WV5+;J[BMOOJA#7.I]C9$N*K6(4OJ;]S





M?52@MD&
.^EM]8)1:?)X4ID\;G^'Z6*1U[^AA!OZE/(;9?K;^CFCDG!?NPNG
M::[/OX-4$N@G]:D^XX025EK[:(8COF@$%'*^85?H7?MY]W9F0QS:D'_0AL?_





;+_H<PJ
MUL]'L&QVYT/A%NE6?;2(7-'&1J_HM-+41S!TY?:%)VK-.P5?97I%4QN]/M1.

9JXIJ0AH:!.L


ME:K


M-W/6*

9*=[^AF5QD'8_?0N]JX65W&


MT\M7RV


M


A^4'B.L`3R
M)T$W&%

M+41





[)ML$YQ:(E]U/R#R0R?O\N#H-&=8E:V2:WUC\(C1][84;/R@G$


MR[`3X=.PTR@$_
4#L.DB@-3@HB6$BO30M%

XQ)1$M$]_

AN.[%&V)^^I



MLMXC%4CU+ZLH&E5=I%H[ZKLWOSG702DH^
)M/:IG/8P:##3+6QB'=A[R.R?D
M5H8CP\;T5DJ
+Y25*4F0\-M)2:PB\\0_6RPH7L',&*V'
.]]3U;7?-GCI-

P*$.#`

MMED-N45N81Z]BF#2&5\D$E

M=%J8=UBKA&UFXC@9


`JCI*YJN\7JRG$N-6;%'?\9AJ$J#=04P=S

W'K3^VT8^Q/EMJ


JD?79AP

0LCBBY


J/[`




MVF?LKE:IU9MO0(//TNJ2O/RL0I37B%XV:%LGBBO58MY


30P
S
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q5

XDG[?B/T/W)K8F.Z(


K5T4(/I#U/$GZ\TO1[8U&BDT^QOR
MYIC<75^DS3X&P?K3P<'W[]]_\?3_1V3;_XO

M9];KPZ





#KI)2BBRP


=BL155JS&0K9
M6$0
%'^ZF*[9A$7!D(I
7*MARJ:+FP#/OCUB=TZGR_
_0ZHY9VCAS)Q`F4Z%


MQKZO


M]LZ&*;77%8:Z0M6F9LS=65H^74(UFJ%H&@9\_T(9_MTFA




H(NL%QT7:_&J1SAAY:
MX;ZD71W8+Y

M8U/9%%)NH2V*A:;$G4_E?^+:LV]TV73I'HC/JW1
=
#U!'EHXJH;-7HVVR!</9`TPV4P0':FVFQ:ZIHO.

9'[B%9CID74!ITDJ/FQ#_3-==O.V475

MJ9ZGF7[-SFMHB2_TSQS=B





OQX+);;9B43B]\6EC8_@.?&T)_M+3M-9UGCHX/D!OX
MR3?




M)AZ:WR#RY







H5


M3%'ZZQR=[W;IS-2TME5;G`!+TV+G:'Q?




6-PBQX8NE/U3'I.79'T*9O)*










-WV:`-RK@`TYM

N.&NX#P?4B@
*12JNTV8;!&['C#?'5(GF^TQ
MES0SM'HC9J=7J$/TS82`A:V#%S:*ZDKM')#VC(_5X9,&721Q(QS?.MWF2'


M9RGK0:HULP)M]0G0*BPU[4=K$FNWG!FZ)R9H?B1#5UR[)W@J


M1Z43]B3D

)7LR24%(ZHL+)D6#$=F1#7
MUN)^Q_
GVYNA567^%6Y*YL$&S478R$[:]R:Q;3/2EZIXPT.OL;!U_@C^1I/
M0T*0-]N(G8GY4F9[\LX:CV-8=(IZ


MB?



-#*%O*7$`@8IOV^#1TNQNMHWRL_G21

M$H5


M!.M[/6Y;_H37B+W`E7VA
69J[
WO/(+B.'859V0A'?.V?8MW8
4]6#\EGDF6

M%Y#Z=$&I0.3


/-M::P
=EP
M:P`_DR^!Y$B6704I*:PM6E
R5`3`9`@'7?+:[QC8WLRQW0O/#TC(]%-ZY[*\
R?\IB\*NM3,),7\_A-3=DRGBMV_T[/`M[*H,<2/L%S6[U[G&P(6O:H
M3RWX+EOC_H/A1[)PB%X](ZJDL-7Y@=QD
]O'3L+!\VCJ`%!$N%1HS'LHO

M=A`2)]@`5T;C2G`=XX&3D-[TI@KP@U^&C)OI(GG@^\+W0U06!

MFB$1ZPVTY+-R2N^47#O+Q^#\F8YLQT=7Q)FA+3/QKZ(K635:




M4:C$!8B


M37\.8]+-?K:*\*CEJ.&C%E[=*JL^G*`


M





M]*H
@-M;O3Z


MB'8%QD#8&\XARS


M32.?MV#(!=TYZ4




M_ZHOU)3WU43]




Z.=.E:
MPDW%2Q:M[+

3!/U%PC69XZ;'

3)*`!J]`(X
?$01'63J@



M8%G`41;^SD5?J`RE:GJ*7`=M\]ZBHEMF(*3,`XE77W0





MS88E?%9%\X7*NAYZV6M/;1RB2/O4]0!N2RZPE@5EIINE]FV`)A[QZJ#SEZBC
M'4C


.'2OK2(%W6MP

1/R

M?
Z@2]U

$=*M'_);&RBJ[XM





9WK2U?J2W3DOHV1\2/I\(-

MH&NKZ
M
=;)1#?K=C`Q!_=:<_;\YU\X%Y=KQ?&<&)=IM
MWIN4[_)EZFIKD@(UT@`?13
#-


GDLR;

M
_HOE4`30Z(;QYDDT/=KXCS9`?HRK5G7#ZR./?R\KJW-7'%U;DPLSI-+T`



B1V0.Y8IK




M`*./(RS&]H'TV1+HSW`339,3K'WA$C@L)NJ.$`^G:_8+5;
875=#UI4FGP
MX8K\@/.O[OP&F`0LGO$




_+5Z#\NTL]:L'@3VFC?7EY+
MO[PB^
EAV_H3Y-$N`^$5MC=KO)WU[8_66D?UD]Q+S]G;K%URSA[ZBD\_EF



MAY(U72

*+%BND14$N(@Z*3X\5#16ERAHM.Y@^
MR=5.:45C+FQ6P&_'.%(43MOW+`&OS#;EW1F=BX%C+E:RK*V`RY5F6(Q_4V[

O7@\(8\N;G2
M78?Z2[6V5

^4[#W+=

`)XM6X



M.&F'Q5W@L

:M=^_8H+8M85;Q-Z-
MG=$O[25+OV[-YF9QFIUIBNEW9J852#-7`F;PG*
R6


C`Q-#`S


M8


M%WB6)5?D
_M;^0$OGW'[-6[J7[YP4?AZ:`=3G16-
5$16VJDEO@ZSNEPL:I.




M9A#-@Z)1PR=G'*!W^6
0!\

M!
1]<DP(]PNLY28!AE0C=D$I<]


/!
M




@`\P/W!7F-*GR?

MWC(=[^GEO1[QV6#WCOETPF`H94




6=J9%V*(RQUVZG




[1
?5Z3@][__2B<%3Y]R_3Q-*^IM





Y]4TS?0-+








#[NA%V[)=XM#;'B$L/O7^'_IEG

M!O]&()4R!]6J/'.04$8=[4.DBT\P$;


N!I!#]:O2EE`Q#$U*UFZW&K54)*QR/.(_/Z;YR`O]AL=`



M8.K&GDX6_A/Q=D.).MHAM]S$.D[L\ES1GZDF
@99WUMO6KC#[3=)$`23;.BT

JX5DC





=G[G:2#


M^_?1ANUSN!W-#(5#'

MF6$/6*06AD0D(T(%EYA\NY
.@TMTK

MA


M

TCO:G*%WK)E%*







U;U






:^K!J.$YL;0-^BWM$X<#
?L&!49IEL--`.7

ME#@20/W



R[NYMS^SB'OHHT%3BU,)]\WLW@+KVGE02&[3O!'Y*_*0Q%
MHC2P!_Z6/C[-,X#RR!,\,1A.NN'4SP+0JG'


/7]*_:;/4*P2#LD(`J&=)*P6/)$)J!

M-W4*


O



MA+88.-YE'PNES;!WY/2^7+7FO8]1O?0IOZQA#2IHMZ*\O?^QH['M.R`3RPG.
MXSV`'\_FALE^:SIDY,8[%!6:`H[FVOCL+4@T1V13^=Q0=VQ]V0W[OYQPQ'

;

:5E/_QG_6;*]E.)


YSCFNXW/../Y?=D#EJTRWZ$DG?E6
MNUM)
O&6(!.B

M0O(&J%XPVM!EX;'%
7T;(#SE




U/


IX+M



`0Q(E+%O8&\DJ

W5C-Y4

_L+`J


)




5@G%

U46@YXURVP4&?9FQLRQA?[`3I=<H9;U3),,?
MAJ5HJFQ<$3XI/,6X+HG'Z,.B\03D*B*36A1]F=3OV
[Y+8MF@
WJ:ZI8#ZA
MW4.FW)Z-*O2



MJ&V\*]@.5?T/'@)7\I=^ZI_49D?I72'2Q%]GU/(U&]O/\ZPD21WPWGUU]+VY


A#]G)RDOK)#^:VF

MK6&\^MW

MK




MN[32X;R4D5\:43`$
^.38X.VA\R


MFUZXN[01^E[7(6/-ZBU-7)7!





M0YJM&`Q2:+)





M0QU%*+0K


M[1-EVG;+7(.1KJD)

C'#


M=[93'?0+5X0RR^E:=$


MR2I*V0)?9`^^6(

M3'?80W6H^\@.!0/L.+M;8S@ZW7:F^@/H`?^V)N):$!WJLP07=
#(3L_9
T$I
M?XQ#?`E:Y^+A
8)3N+WR
2759G)/'%MPZ-XWK2)L/6Y<J:![V213#&-<-Y4R+Z_N




?*UQD47J^+BL*LRC/-C_B?%%$JQ<2SPH<N?GZ
MG4H
D&UC%]

M;?@MK4Y]M



M09#2/




EH75E86B:N?$(
%'&

M&IQ$;O@DG\)%4)R74

%7T`$K=3M<7BL/]L;)LJO[Y
MZV:,S%BS'C..H'5N-:G?6='$AI`^UF.`?XQ&;8F5$_ZV<CBKE_T&##W



M1G?@*PC]QZ
E-)7=7QWQPH`3NF/PCH2FLL=


M5#W8$&;IINTYWG*
28/`2Q=5

M%IAO$F-:(=5]1)*G_`'SD]#[J*@VRD



Z#Z




MV6-W

M;G3@[^QT3;U8LTTL

MY&3

M7


D-+/)423`8:DI/]TZ9(A)',;U)(/V7T#Y4PMZ

6-1

M


MI


M3(J\$/4[P51,[Q@]+C9)01]ZCX5A)=P(MXT/1$325HI;V&VYHA]R)JU:*P


M9H&F/
CT)4\37




S^2.JTHGQ/-78SM


.[0`$YZ[(N)LON^










MJKJD*-1]?PA
WB;%(IP6F],W0Y5+4IZWKPA#F



`M`Z00I


#?`S)3







((ZJB?H#](QF(QFB1?
M;Z

?KWBV:;2:O

MDT


^I


`]NA#VKI+AW:<&QZ2






N


S2!

MRA8


M+PG?3#D7/4)3




M!QGA.2!X#'
$P'@GL2KR5U)2*L$@T.5\CF


M15R'S^UAT$CORYY8EJO1(8ZU%HP`TIX);E&D7`7
T..&4Q]/RM103P_]PC6!
M9
?2VW=#



0+GO-`TY\-\CX]IQ5VUU]JA8-3T16A/K?=EGIEK7(H=UA#



-VV-`#3MG!!(JR!+%[L^)?]Q$5
M]NY9A46=1$1W\X\9CHH


TTK@1P

5CZFME0B-TV2

M0_E0NZ&WM)!=FGBK?X2M+(&?WM!96U28MJZ7WS/=

R2(C<Q)39!S.2YXFN-!T%4<]8$TW
05QJFU
M&/Z*H^**=G#-E$XG+7NE2@-+<#D$5

%^6WQ+BLJ%KO:8+7]'<XX+OJ)F:04/
MMCT


6^






;'UK97IZV
MJ5H)F(TSA`=UW[+!Z]A!CJ%?.'4'4'N
=_
YB7$Q-5Y\G#JL1IN$7=I+%(4@
M\%'D-5#FM!NLNLF:7A1D`^IQ:AJKY(W4JH2=Q75&Q.WANFX/R20
K&WL2(]B

!






+`MK(


*`F-)59#G=26T6

M*K?D?VHK_%

M;Y-0ZH2%'_)2(-SXOL[B=)W0
8]D/(3A)2H6JN9TT0+6EB
@:R^&UTW%[O=S

M`UKM*HS:VL^0D`;Q0$H;I4BRQ8>\P.R4^PEG4C2CY1V5


L%K61][8*K5DM]HE\N
L^HYH*#Z+<<OSNZ/?!F^LG6`;
MWAQU*2=0U^J@O
FSA2EMIZ

M]@)5+=\X$O%CI0@:5]6P+/6WWX.I:`




*P%TPSH!

M]IJG
9KJ8A7:@!IR`NB1+K8M*KR+U1@K`J6GMJ]&W[[FD/;-^VJ/#MRU#2



MP

FJT0X7HU6&U#..'J%H7?
[\@.M\




ZZ5(


%BG:XN`1UQS)D5*X?CF
8PHNN<+L=;QT1*.Y:0)JO)&`
MY:`IH8YJ?<BM^5A%%0O_O,GC26WJH@^P94?!UK8O+X7O:O%R(+?SA*8]GM:<
MW(``&^QR/L?L`A!NC6*'3.SE9Y*MZ02S#MB0[JJ[=RU`37C!-##%FV+Z#8I

#$T
#
S



NVP`
MS

M&R_-_&CAAW%$_OY-%'_S7__W?_X/C_[O;__KY




F[W^D?[?
1=Q7,_XWJF_8PG
M;<'^=5(U.V&_.GGS]N3=F^^^I(MO*N%S29Q2&[)TF/_I?I2?_7!3Y8)21^I






J%Z`DU&F48RF^2F


1?%Z


*!



/&W'





M)R5T35]
XZ3;+J9.*/(G41YGW87B_*?.]0WI/IQ.D_XJ$X:@AZP'EA^[L.

M'8P`6Q$;8U

%R2$[M26

MCUR:TZGM.CB-6S#K7]XD\5/`TEA/2426`=2PV6M0BWSQ[-0L3IZGA
Y4/ZP;
MW=)-YY0LXX34Q%'SL@M+\8'^^KPDF'IRG%4)'Y=$XK$DB0)ZV438PBIGL/




]WR`U9



M$KN02Q?B/LL3QN(T2.=^^#OQ$Z7BRUL#0?@!$P@ZWMUMO+^1
/Q'%'^.[JBU
M3SW:!8_;):H-6-H%B




M7YU:^ND#QR=/3U:^ORD4BX196OVFK6'EK_]H%
R8!A&E*:`3($X#3;2\[`[K
X</T?;8;

ZNX%RV\
M%JT$2=?/V1F`4PPYG$`=4XVS(E.2_+B:*[=J*0]W)T1F*CXQ@'+KNE
&5[

MQ5E8;%@&9%%CBC0:!06G.0C:'L(2







C8)G
M'*`T[I)I$.FVA

6!Q62QX&?$K!YRL+B




&R[
MHL`+F;I0CH+!/I5R



+UO+NW@
D#JAR0M7Q)17CON


89%R^V+VLF(;8$].`H!L-G9=F*GG_M7E=_10



F1

MO/8#1=A8TAP9*BJ-:]L-8H8:!Q(X$F@^$F:M@K)FJJ:N3YO[P'E&(?Y+;D






#]1;1`$+;?X_#%!$D$82`1


L^IZ(NMI;)/F/AF912-+NV:4^)X3!@[?H.
MMH#:0^HVKYBB20C;B3P`&
T#T*RP^Q]/-A
M_

/FHL6J$I
Y7WI2
M*B\2/*D+$L!ZN\YZZX&-#ERYD


L7&

HL5EBOXXQ4

9O
MLS75%*P`RDY0!;6(&1ENL5``F(C:R$9SB*W5Y0&*U%7:S`*)
.1ARWJT]?
M3%4C@.]`C`Q?O=1P8`UG?PC'!X[WH2
JYGB;2V[LSC)C=Q(MV']8)/')#YF&

M?FDD





8?O'N
D
,21G)!,`MODGA#MX#GFY1+
H3WIEX[]L3


=.-JFQG!#
0^[&GK3]V)(7NAQ]
MBI+B9_'




ME#V&/.T6?$BE[1+:$&BW5FK=XVH([P-7FG




M%P3)WR9^C;(3ADQVP^
G52_'QA

M-Z_NY]*+TBX)1OV5$VT`EQ)DO9PZ8RTB#)S0R=7;_KJL&I[8K`Y8%@'MWE

R6%VD6K'WQ5:2R8;N=Z[?&C2$1



VQ1'8_'@0)6_&417C5GV2)+NNY4%[7)$@=V=O\EM
MBJ:16






9(#1G'F8
M





M4`2#I4\?J*+`G?+/RF=`
(1^O[KW0+9*663V?@RB8)VO;YGFA-0\XCQ
XV2V
M(:S^3K3B5U+!9L1`P[^`UT



M!RQ
9O,L^I\A%[

]S7?C

2D670

;30/PJ`XMS=6ACZCNC9P]U&'






MB0YG$$D:L93
*WU:







BH=+1%$!




MJH9E=+BT%:\1R6E&;'JME-*Q7







MD




#`=

@2$9R#YC/@IS49BQJ2\M*VF.8TN!66EB
V-AY<$ZM6RHT,Y<TR#RHWG@

M9P%&@XPF7ZF':



MM-R'2L!RL.0$7)2)_94;PDB16/[BIE!1.PZ7J/@\P.W7\^`IH%__%&W\8$$]


9)

$W%;%*6%C]=HI%.^
X.L

FR

MT62

*'V$T:9F0L$+9:61=@V6O2?F;LCX$^U
M-&9IU+'KVMUJ=E%&IM\


M8'GZ`M2`UWK?%_Y.1%9



J+

4F
&=OLEHE/*7IC#+R'$0K:;6HZK2J


2^M[54M_USK3?




MQ&&&(ZBRY_R:Z['(W@!%]MS?1=^KR-Y(LVD1%NAS?VW]6*!OH`)].&LM(B_0
M9Q04*1[S4@0]OA\HZ



EP'`8ERL#.QNG



M85;=SYVG3!H#_;M7#(7


JDW[.(Z6QY&2U8
M3FWNA^J))6F.`R'S*25AI[$'8H+FMR![Y
E*+!?Z
/16PZ2+J!6+)^[Y_

M

M!8N0DRCE6%VS6P4IN\CPV4\6Z3U[YKCY][






2H0N

M

G)K
*)`+K
M;EQQ



!6N?4?&@;F)=DLUH:\(CI4Z
M
.-[+-EQ+-EQ?-C)JMEONS2'M=
N]Q!/=![DXZXW%YO*?1C@CEJ^Q]NC!_BTZ[U\#!H.?!OUJ-^F





=?Q=K2:JX#F9:R8TSA9DH`]U9D65TS*]YIKGNUI



!A9`$VLRK



M-A2^A;50



5
M6@:CDD
4^])9'#V1)`O8S=@X(RG55*:?ND53T\WU1603!6UA!Q((CM7V[C%.
M


M0W0C7*/W4`=$

MX\]


Y((*RII70PRE


Y/


K*R


\`&%(;!H+$P8
Q0?=7QQH2&D:GU0TS:









6+WD0\T=4ES1$``!6X```1`!P`

M?W.9D%T&P?ID

M'AX?#]'P\)]H\A



^PO
+S!(^`K%R3XLC$9]3SZ<N<:#$01$A)GMQ7MM


MFMT6_71^&U#[ER5U'0A)+WX-P0'#S$1L$A0488(TJ^5=02WI;U!$ENB?D22+

8LJ=5-`UHS#]!IMKUY)K'`?:VZ]4B?EU68U?RJ(2:$

+JZ


.!;)GPG[ZO%&`2D6'K*LQ




MQ8/

M==-D2O



MF&$C3OA`S?*B`9;LHP_\;&%C@_FDI.O^C%=%=BL77/4GYL=C_&ZV;\2Y9+

P2DCS)E&+$%8K90L!7
MY^VH].Q


=



4')5

MXNSCQ1

&N])/:(82OOOE^&E%FSVV\]@K*H77G.
M
FX9)4VCV0:EC2/1^GY4:E5WMI'?**1:N\%K?K;86Q2&IMD$:M`QZO^]DK`R
MZ1_T''WID%5]TK+J#/Z/E


ME1?M

MF/M
;4'*@

]9B(\1HPH7]_KF+S
0)O


MZ*MB'%G


M!=&C6LQD$9._^BF91NS@)WM96RX)DOCU7(D0[P'[06TF





R`I//H)XX=&41[S+`*PX&T@AG/D0Z(0?]GM%P?=J3M`B`U.TI


M3
SGZEO&^[0X






=7U






K!=


MA:++7C6KI+2FK?H1WFY6C`-&W$4L!.C9)@6)7BT8B7NFLC?K?L5\60N1.43M




M`0```*2!VGL``&)R9F@M
C`Q-#`S

6+WD2QSCK2%2@``/:T`@`5`!@`````

4`````#%B]Y$R`QS.'!4``#MW@0`%0`8````
M```!````I(';N```8G)F:TR
#$T
#
S


M`````0```*2!F@T!`&)R9F@M
C`Q-#`S


6+WD0\T=4ES1$``!6X```1`!@`

@!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H``#K6P$`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Cash on deposit
 federally insured limit

000
        


        
        
        


        

035

293


        

866

066




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the cumulative difference as of the balance sheet date between the payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 within one year of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Short-Term Notes Payable (Related and Unrelated) - Schedule of Fair Value of Warrants Assumptions Used for Fair Value of Warrant (Details) (Short-Term Notes Payable [Member]
 Warrant [Member])

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

706
500

600


Change in the valuation allowance
 current

900

400


        

575
100
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

632
612

957


        

640

413


        

913

712


        

007

602


        
        

540


        

790
172

224


Property and equipment
 net of depreciation

078

496


Intangible asset
 net of amortization

654

985


        

461

731


        

867
365

436


        
        
        


        

851

682


        

820

096


        

866

066


Short-term notes payable - related party
 net of discount

015
        


Short-term notes payable
 net of discount

731
        


        
        

272


Convertible note - related party
 net of discount
        

551


Convertible note
 net of discount
        

100


        

283

767


Convertible note - related party
 net of discount

993
        


Convertible note
 net of discount

066
        


        

158
342

767


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 $0.000001 par value; 95
000
000 shares authorized; 65
247
660 and 50
366
660 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and2013
 respectively
        
        


        

739
117

355
328


        

030
159)

446
709)


        

709
023

331)


        

867
365

436




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the cumulative difference as of the balance sheet date between the payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 within one year of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Issuance of common stock and warrants
 expenses

320

500




        
          

        
          
            

 expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

085



          

        


        

760



          

        


        

325




        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment - Major Classes of Property and Equipment (Details) (USD $)











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

248

691


        

146)

195)


Property
 plant and equipment

102

496


        

976
        


Property and equipment
 net of depreciation

078

496



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

331

070



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

617

321



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

300

300




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


financial statement purposes are:


5 years


2 years





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

648

087


        

994

102



          

        
        


        

157
        


        
        
        


        

892

180




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 resulting from a business combination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or to acquire such rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense
        


related to intangible property as of March 31
 2014 is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
398
089
    

    
    
    
    
700
654
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

583
450)

035
988)


        
        
        


        

951

195


        

614

893


        

892

180


        

164

689


        
        

111


        
        
        


        

227)

413)


        

540

540)


        

201)

712)


        

594

907


        

730)

731)


        

831)

786


        

724

316


        

200)

066


        

885
160)

241)


        
        
        


        

532)

550)


        

561)
        


        

093)

550)


        
        
        


        

511
180

500


        

000

000


        

000)
        


        

000
        


        

132

272


        

404)
        


        

235
908

772


        

546
655

019)


        

957

976


        

632
612

957


        
        
        


        

875
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

730

735


        

873

019


        

905

019


        

232
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

247
660

366
660


Common stock
 shares outstanding

247
660

366
660




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




of $63
276 and $30
800 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 calculated based on the interest rate stated
in our debt instruments.


in Note 6 above
 interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $228
165 and $165
689 for the years ended
March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


finance charges of $1
447 for the year ended March 31
 2014.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

469
155


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

247
660
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(790
200
    
    
    
(625
700
    

    
    
    
(76
700
    
    
    
(60
700
    

    
    
    
(866
900
    
    
    
(686
400
    

    
    
    
866
900
    
    
    
686
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax
effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



31
 2014 and 2013 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
706
500
    
    
    
839
600
    

    
    
    
(1
706
500
    
    
    
(839
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence
 both positive and negative
management has determined that a $1
706
500 and $839
600 allowance at March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce
the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The change in the valuation allowance for the
current year is $866
900.


 2014
 we have a net
operating loss carry forward of approximately $4
575
100. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used
this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
    
63
800
    

    
    
    
    
345
900
    

    
    
    
    
1
840
300
    

    
    
    
    
2
324
100
    



 2014 we did not have
any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

085

928


        

534

884


        

551
        


        
        
        


        

267
270

804
167


        

843

376


        

352
113

839
543


        

290
562)

839
499)


        
        
        


        

888

489


        

583
450)

035
988)


        
        
        


        

276
274

707
429


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


and Unrelated)


 we closed an offering
of $775
000 in short-term notes payable
 $500
000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder
 $100
000 was purchased by
an affiliate of an officer
 director and significant shareholder and $100
000 was purchased by an affiliate of a director and significant
shareholder. The short-term notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum and are due and payable on December 20
 2014. We also
issued 1
291
667 warrants to the short-term note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are
exercisable for a period of five years.


 $0.38
per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



$298
232
 which was the amount recorded as debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount will be amortized over the life
of the note
 one year
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately
52% but will be paying cash at a rate of 2% per annum.


 2014 was comprised
of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(230
254
    

    
    
    
544
746
    



to the short term notes of $4
289 at March 31
 2014.


date of the short-term notes to June 19
 2015 with notice to the holders given at least 30 days and no more than 60 days prior
to the initial due date. If we extend the short-term notes the interest rate will increase to 3% per annum and we will be required
to issue additional warrants (&#147;Extension Warrants&#148;). The Extension Warrants will have a 3 year term and the exercise
price will be determined based on the volume weighted average price for the 10 trading days preceding the original due date of
the short-term notes. The number of shares which may be purchased will be computed by dividing 56.25% of the unpaid principal
amount of the short-term notes held by the initial exercise price computed as set forth above.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2014
we received a cash advance from an affiliate of a director and shareholder of the Company in the amount of $672
157 (Australian
$710
000)
 which was used for the purchase of certain international patent rights. The advance was repaid with interest calculated
at 6.0% per annum
 $5
617. The repayment was made in the form of a note in the amount $200
000 and cash of $451
495
 which was
net of a foreign exchange gain of $26
280
 as payments were due in Australian dollars.


 2014
and 2013 we received cash advances in the amounts of $12
975 and $30
272
 respectively
 from a relative of an officer of the Company.
The advances bear no interest and were repaid.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        


at March 31
 2014 and 2013 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
331
    
    
    
11
070
    

    
    
    
372
617
    
    
    
330
321
    

    
    
    
3
300
    
    
    
3
300
    

    
    
    
389
248
    
    
    
344
691
    

    
    
    
(87
146
    
    
    
(33
195
    

    
    
    
302
102
    
    
    
311
496
    

    
    
    
59
976
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
    
    
362
078
    
    
    
311
496
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2014
we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
760
    

    
    
    
44
325
    

    
    
    
110
085
    



 2013 we operated in only
one segment and one geographic location.




than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
760
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
160
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
880
    
    
    
    
    



representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
168
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
880
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
928
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




850
000
shares of our common stock to non-employees for various consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC Topic 505-50
 Equity
Based Payments to Non-Employees (&#147;ASC 505-50&#148;)
 the shares issued are being amortized over the periods of the contracts
which range from one to two years. The shares were valued at the market price on the date of grant. The aggregate value of the
shares previously issued was $596
500. There is no unamortized balance at March 31
 2014.


 2014
we terminated a contract with a non-employee. All previously unvested stock option expense attributed to the non-employee
 in the
amount of $14
747 was reversed and credited to general and administrative expenses


 that provided
for the potential issuance of an additional 1
380
000 shares of our common stock. These contracts have expired and there is no
longer an obligation to issue any future shares.


stock rights and stock options were subject to performance conditions. As a result of the employee termination the performance
conditions will not be met. In accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 previously
recognized unvested equity based compensation cost of $103
488 has been reversed during the year ended March 31
 2014.


2012 through May 9
 2013
 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one
share of common stock and a three year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50
per share (&#147;Unit&#148; or &#147;Units&#148;). We sold 3
200
000 units representing 3
200
000 shares and warrants to purchase
1
600
000 shares for total consideration of $800
000 less $17
500 in cost
 for a net amount received of $782
500.


 $266
673
was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an allocation of the proceeds applied to
the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated to the shares of common stock issued.
The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in
the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock
 a three-year warrant
to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis)
and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&#147;Unit&#148;
or &#147;Units) for total consideration of $1
906
500 less $267
645 in cost for a net amount received of $1
638
855.


 estimated
at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $3
089
919. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds
received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock
 has been included
in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



of common stock units at a price of $.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock
 a three-year warrant to purchase
one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year
warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share for total consideration of
$2
500
000 less $27
675 in cost for a net amount received of $2
473
325. Included in the cost of the offering is value of Units
issued to legal counsel for services in connection with the offering.


 estimated
at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $1
001
396. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds
received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock
 has been included
in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2014
we issued 600
000 shares of common stock to officers and directors of the Company for services rendered. In accordance with ASC
718 compensation expense in the amount of $240.000 was recognized in the statement of operations for the year ended March 31
 2014.
The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.


 2014
 we issued
30
000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC 505
 the value of the
shares was charged to expense in the amount of $16
230. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares
on the date of grant.


 2014
we issued options to purchase 800
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share to a Director of the Company.
The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 3 years from the date of issuance
 February 14
 2014. The fair
value of the options
 $115
119
 which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



options issued to employees were cancelled during the year ended March 31
 2014.


stock options issued to employees as of March 31
 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding April 1
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2013
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2014
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

085
        



          

        
        


        

760
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

160

440


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

960

440


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

880

928


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        

168


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        

880


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Unrelated)


 we closed an offering
of $440
000 of convertible notes
 $50
000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder of ours. The notes bear interest
at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6
 2013. In addition
 the notes are convertible at any time after
the original issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.372 per share.
We also issued 956
519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per share for a term of seven years.


we settled the notes by repaying $40
000 of the notes in cash
 issuing new convertible notes in the amount of $400
000 and received
payment for another new note in the amount of $20
000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and are due and payable
on September 6
 2015. In addition the new notes are convertible at any time after the original issue date until the new notes are
no longer outstanding
 into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also issued warrants to the new note
holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common
stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1
680
000 warrants issued. The warrants previously issued with the original note
have been cancelled.


Topic 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (&#147;ASC 470&#148;)
 we first calculated the fair value of the warrants
issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined that there was a beneficial conversion feature.


 $0.13
per share
 ($216
531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



the notes was $142
873
 which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We also recorded a beneficial conversion
feature on the convertible notes of $125
905. The amounts recorded as debt discount will be amortized over the life of the notes
two years
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 74% but
will be paying cash at a rate of 12% per annum.


 2014 was comprised
of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
420
000
    

    
    
    
(226
941
    

    
    
    
193
059
    



to the convertible notes of $28
445 at March 31
 2014.


due on the convertible notes as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
420
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




operating lease
 which expires October 31
 2014.


non-cancelable leases as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
39
993
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



007 and $38
119
for the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




warrants as of March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
872
332
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
546
420
    

    
    
    
1
680
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
291
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
64
583
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details Narrative) (USD $)

        

      










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

951

195




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Outstanding Warrants - Summary of Outstanding Warrants (Details) (Warrant [Member]
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


        
        


        

291
667


        
        


        
        


        

583



          

        


        
        


        

680
000


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        

872
332


        
        


        

546
420



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company
balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.



        
        




in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.



        
        




with an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash equivalents.



        
        




institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at March 31
 2014. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds
$250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.



        
        




(&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820

(&#147;ASC 820&#148;)
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required
about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing
the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:


available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed on the New York Stock
Exchange.


other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types
of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with
models using highly observable inputs.


to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with
inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine
the fair value of financial transmission rights.


accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 amounts due to a related party
 notes payable
 and convertible notes.
The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.


        
        




Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.
Currently there is no allowance for doubtful accounts as all of accounts are deemed collectable.



        
        




net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of filing
 (&#147;ASC 350&#148;)
 the costs
of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs
associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment is stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of
the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated
useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:


5 years


2 years


        
        




evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collection
is reasonably assured.



        
        




relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $47
035 and $103
293
 in research
and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.



        
        




basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840
(&#147;ASC 840&#148;). In addition
 our
lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the rent
holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy
date. Deferred rent was $1
866 and $5
066 at March 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively and will be charged to rent expense over the
life of the lease.



        
        




with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock
equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2014 and 2013 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive
as we had losses for the years then ended.



        
        




but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoptions of any such pronouncements may be expected
to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of operations.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2014 was comprised
of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
420
000
    

    
    
    
(226
941
    

    
    
    
193
059
    




        
        


due on the convertible notes as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
420
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    





          

        


        
        


        
        


 $0.13
per share
 ($216
531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties

000


        

941)


        

059



          

        


Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties

000


        

254)


        

746




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Mar. 31
 2012
        

174
058

778)

721)

606


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2012

166
660
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses
        

498
        
        

500


Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses
 shares

600
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

999

000)
        

000


Issuance of stock for services to non-employees
 shares

350
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

500
        
        

500


Issuance of stock for services to employee
 shares

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

111
        

111


        
        

235
        
        

235


        
        

038
        
        

038


        
        
        

667
        

667


        
        
        
        

035
988)

035
988)


Balance at Mar. 31
 2013
        

355
328
        

446
709)

331)


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2013

366
660
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses
        

511
166
        
        

511
180


Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses
 shares

226
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

730
        
        

730


Issuance of stock for services to non-employees
 shares

000
        
        
        
        


        
        

999
        
        

000


Issuance of stock for services to employee
 shares

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

884
        
        

884


        
        

778
        
        

778


        
        

232
        
        

232


        
        
        
        

583
450)

583
450)


Balance at Mar. 31
 2014
        

739
117
        

030
159)

709
023


Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2014

247
660
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2014 and 2013
 intangible
assets consists of patent costs of $736
648 and $37
087
 less accumulated amortization of $35
994 and $5
102
 respectively


 2014
we acquired at a cost of $672
157
 all of the international patent rights for a pre-portioned
 ready to blend packet for beverages
particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.


represent cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated
through the expiration date of the patent
 which is December
 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent
costs was $30
892 and $2
180 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


related to intangible property as of March 31
 2014 is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
    
398
089
    

    
    
    
    
700
654
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


non-cancelable leases as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
39
993
    

    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        

157
        


        
        
        


        

617
        


        

280
        


        

975

272



          

        
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

495
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




and concluded that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial statements or disclosure
in the notes to the financial statements except as for the following:





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













