

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-15-002856
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150707
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150707
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				271994359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55131
		FILM NUMBER:		15976854
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8530 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-598-7110
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8530 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90211
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moving Box Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100315








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K
(Mark
One)

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission
File Number: 000-55131

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer
    

    
    
    

8530
    Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 450
 Beverly Hills
 California
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
&nbsp;

Securities

 $0.000001 par value

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Non-accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Smaller reporting company
[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of September 30
 2014 was $18
488
500.

As
of June 22
 2015
 there were 79
229
533 outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant.





    
    


BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

FORM
10-K



TABLE
    OF CONTENTS
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    

    
Risk
    Factors
    

    
    
    

    
Legal
    Proceedings
    

    
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    

    
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
Selected
    Financial Data
    

    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

    
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

    
Financial
    Statements
    

    
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

    
Controls
    and Procedures
    

    
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    

    
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
Executive
    Compensation
    

    
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

    
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

    
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Barfresh&rdquo;) expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any
statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 assumptions or future events or performance are not
historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often
 but not always
 made through the use of words
or phrases such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predict&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will likely result&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will continue&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projection&rdquo;
 &ldquo;would&rdquo;
&ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic
conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available
to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that forward-looking statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our
control
 involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance
or achievements.

Certain
risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes
may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business
or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. See &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth in Item 1A.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Business
Overview

Barfresh
is a leader in the creation
 manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend frozen beverages. The current portfolio of products
includes smoothies
 shakes and frappes. All of the products are portion controlled and ready to blend beverage ingredient packs
or &ldquo;beverage packs&rdquo;. The beverage packs contain all of the ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including the
base (either sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 real fruit pieces
 juices and ice &ndash; five ounces of water are added to
the beverage pack before blending.

Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh
 as well as related trademarks for all of the products. In
November 2011
 the Company acquired the patent rights in the United States and Canada. The Canadian patent has been granted and
the United States patent is &ldquo;patent pending&rdquo;. On October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international
patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty and have been granted in 13 jurisdictions. The patents
are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed the treaty. In addition
 on October 15
 2013
 the Company purchased
all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

The
Company currently conducts and plans to conduct sales through two channels: directly to certain National Accounts
 and through
an exclusive nationwide distribution agreement with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;) the U.S.&rsquo;s largest broad line
distributor
 which was entered into during July 2014.

The
process of obtaining sales orders for National Accounts generally follows several steps
 including product demonstration
 product
testing
 and exclusive flavor development for the larger National Accounts. We are currently in various stages of product development
and testing with National Accounts representing over 20
000 restaurant locations. The Company recently moved into full roll out
with a number of National Accounts
 including a national entertainment theme park operator
 and with Shari&rsquo;s Caf&eacute;
and Pies
 a family dining chain in the Pacific Northwest operating 97 restaurants which are open 24 hours a day
 365 days a year.


    
    


In
addition to the National Accounts
 the Company sells to food distributors that supply products to the food services market place.
Effective July 2
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with Sysco Merchandising and Supply Chain Services
 Inc. for resale
by the Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;) to the foodservice industry of the Company&rsquo;s ready-to-blend smoothies
 shakes
and frappes. All Barfresh products will be included in Sysco&rsquo;s national core selection of beverage items
 making Barfresh
its exclusive single-serve
 pre-portioned beverage provider. The agreement is mutually exclusive; provided however
 the products
are supplied to other foodservice distributors
 but only to the extent required for such foodservice distributors to service multi-unit
chain operators with at least 20 units and where Sysco is not such multi-unit chain operators nominated distributor for our products.
The Company has already started shipping to 20 of the 74 Sysco distribution centers under this agreement and anticipates a national
rollout over the next 12 months.

Finally
the Company intends to monetize the international patents outside of the current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding
contract manufacturing to other countries and selling either through selling agents or internal sales personnel. The Company will
also consider entering into some form of license or royalty agreements with third parties.

Barfresh
currently utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the products in the United States. Ice cream manufacturers are
best suited to produce the products and two production lines are currently operational in our Salt Lake City contract manufacturer
location. This manufacturer is currently producing products sold to existing customers as well as producing exclusive products
developed for National Accounts. Currently annual production capacity with our existing contract manufacturer is 14 million units
per year. The Company is currently in discussion with two additional contract manufacturing companies that would be able to produce
an additional 100 million units per year.

Although
there currently is not a contract in place with any suppliers for the raw materials needed to manufacture our products
 there
are a significant number of sources available and the company does not anticipate becoming dependent on any one supplier. As demand
for the range of our products grows
 we plan to contract a level of raw material requirements to ensure continuity of supply.

As
of the end of the fiscal year we had 11 employees and 3 consultants. As of June 23
 2014 we have 25 employees and 3 consultants.
There are currently 15 employees selling our products.

Most
recently
 as part of the Company&rsquo;s expansion due to the acquisition of the international patents
 a leading regional Australian
food ingredient supply and product developer has been engaged as the wholesaler and distributor for Barfresh products in Australia.

Corporate
History and Background

The
Company incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the state of Delaware. The Company was originally formed to acquire scripts for movie
opportunities
 to produce the related movies and to sell
 lease
 license
 distribute and syndicate the movies and develop other
related media products related to the movies. As the result of the reverse merger
 more fully described below
 the Company is
now engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

Reorganization
and Recapitalization

During
January
 2012
 the Company entered into a series of transactions pursuant to which Barfresh Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;Barfresh
CO&rdquo;)
 was acquired
 spun-out prior operations to the former principal shareholder
 completed a private offering of securities
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $999
998
 conducted a four for one forward stock split and changed the name of
the Company. The following describes the foregoing transactions:



    
    
Acquisition
    of Barfresh CO
333
328
    shares of our $0.000001 par value common stock pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement between us
 our former principal shareholder
    Barfresh CO and the former shareholders of Barfresh CO. As a result of this transaction
 Barfresh CO became our wholly owned
    subsidiary and the former shareholders of Barfresh CO became our controlling shareholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Spinout
    of prior business
 we spun-out our previous business operations to
    a former officer
 director and principal shareholder
 in exchange for all of the shares of our common stock held by that person.
    Such shares were cancelled immediately following the acquisition.

    
    
    

    
    
Financing
    transaction
 we sold an aggregate of 1
333
332 shares of our common
    stock and five-year warrants to purchase 1
333
332 shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of $1.50 in a private
    offering for gross proceeds of $999
998
 less expenses of $26
895.

    
    
    

    
    
Change
    of name
 we changed the name of the Company from Moving Box Inc. to Barfresh Food Group Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Forward
    stock split
 we conducted a four for one forward stock split of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.




    
    




All
of the products are portion controlled beverage ingredient packs
 suitable for smoothies
 shakes and frappes that can also be
utilized for cocktails and mocktails. They contain all of the ingredients necessary to make a smoothie
 shake or frappe
 including
the ice. Simply add water
 empty the packet into a blender
 blend and serve.




    
    


&nbsp;The
following flavors are available for sale as part of the standard line:



    
    


In
addition to the standard product range
 the Company has developed a number of exclusive flavors for several National Accounts
that are currently engaged in the pre-rollout testing process.

Some
of the key product benefits for operators include:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Product consistency
    &ndash; every time a smoothie
 shake or frappe is made

    
    
Easy inventory
    control

    
    
Long shelf life
    (24 months)

    
    
Minimal capital
    investment necessary

    
    
Faster and easier
    to make (less than 60 seconds)

    
    
Ability to itemize
    the ingredients of the beverages on menus

    
    
Products require
    less retail space


Some of
the key benefits of the products for the end consumers that drink the products include:



    
    
From as little
    as 150 calories (per serving)

    
    
Real fruit in
    every smoothie

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Customer
Marketing Material

A
wide range of consumer marketing materials has been created to assist customers in selling blended beverages.


    
    




Research
and Development

An
incurrence of $51
465 and $47
035 in research and development expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.



There
is significant competition in the smoothie market at both the consumer purchasing level and also the product level.

The
competition at the consumer level is primarily between specialized juice bars (e.g. Jamba Juice) and major fast casual and fast
food restaurant chains (such as McDonalds). Barfresh does not compete specifically at this level but intends to supply its product
to customers that fall within these segments to enable them to compete for consumer demand.

There
may also be new entrants to the smoothie market that may alter the current competitor landscape.

The
existing competition from a product perspective can be separated into three categories:



    
    
Specialized
    juice bar products: The product is made in-store and each ingredient is added separately.

    
    
    

    
    
Syrup
    based products: The fruit puree is supplied in bulk and not portion controlled for each smoothie. These types of products
    still require the addition of juice
 milk or water and/or yogurt and ice. While there are a number of competitors for this
    style of product
 the two dominant competitors are Island Oasis and Minute Maid
 which are both owned by Coca Cola.

    
    
    

    
    
Portion
    pack products: These products contain only the fruit and yogurt and require the addition of juice or milk and ice. The two
    dominant competitors are General Mills&rsquo; Yoplait Smoothies and Inventure Group&rsquo;s Jamba Smoothies.


The
Company believes that its products ease of use
 portion control
 premium quality
 and minimal capital investment required to enable
a customer to begin to carry Barfresh beverage products all add up to represent a very significant competitive advantage that
will allow us to quickly gain traction in the market and secure long-term agreements with customers. The Company also believes
that the product&rsquo;s attributes will make it more attractive to customers. However
 there are other factors that may influence
the adoption of a particular product by customers
 including their dependence on prior relationships with competition.

Intellectual
Property

Barfresh
owns the domestic and intellectual property rights to its products&rsquo; sealed pack of ingredients.

In
November 2011
 the Company acquired patent applications filed in the United States (Patent Application number 11/660415) and Canada
(Patent Application number 2577163) from certain related parties. The United States patent was originally filed on December 4
2007 and its current status is patent pending. The Canadian patent was originally filed on August 16
 2005 and it has been granted.

On
October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent
Cooperation Treaty
 have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed
the PCT. In addition
 the Company purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products.


    
    


Governmental
Approval and Regulation

The
Company is not aware of the need for any governmental approvals of its products.

The
Company utilizes a contract manufacturer. Before entering into any manufacturing contract
 the Company determines that the manufacturer
has met all government requirements.

The
Company will be subject to certain labeling requirements as to the contents and nutritional information of our products.

Environmental
Laws

The
Company does not believe that it will be subject to any environmental laws
 either state or federal. Any laws concerning manufacturing
will be the responsibility of the contract manufacturer.



Currently
the Company has 25 full time employees. We expect to hire additional employees
 particularly in the sales area
 as we roll out
our products to all 74 Sysco distribution centers over the next approximately twelve months.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

An
investment in the Company&rsquo;s securities involves significant risks
 including the risks described below. The risks included
below are not the only ones that the Company faces. Additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial
or unlikely to occur could also impair our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional
risks and uncertainties actually occur
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively
affected.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have a history of operating losses and there can be no assurance that we can achieve or maintain profitability.

We
have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability. These operating losses have been generated while
we market to potential customers. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability
 given
the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate
 we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability
and our failure to do so would adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 including our ability to raise additional funds.

A
worsening of economic conditions or a decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our ability to implement our business
strategy.

Our
success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions
and the availability of discretionary income. While there are signs that economic conditions may be improving
 there is no certainty
that this trend will continue or that credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not deteriorate
again. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic turmoil or during periods of uncertainty. Any material
decline in the amount of discretionary spending
 leading cost-conscious consumers to be more selective in restaurants visited
could have a material adverse effect on our revenue
 results of operations
 business and financial condition.

The
challenges of competing with the many food services businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins.

We
compete with many well-established companies
 food service and otherwise
 on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product
offered
 customer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience. Our success depends
 in part
 upon the popularity
of our products and our ability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all four day parts. Shifts in consumer
preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all day parts
 or
changes in our menu that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. We compete with other smoothie and
juice bar retailers
 specialty coffee retailers
 yogurt and ice cream shops
 bagel shops
 fast-food restaurants
 delicatessens
caf&eacute;s
 take-out food service companies
 supermarkets and convenience stores. Our competitors change with each of the four
day parts
 ranging from coffee bars and bakery caf&eacute;s to casual dining chains. Many of our competitors or potential competitors
have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do
 which may allow them to react to changes in the market quicker
than we can. In addition
 aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets
 as evidenced
by McDonald&rsquo;s Corporation&rsquo;s inclusion of fruit smoothies on their menu
 could reduce our revenue and operating margins.
We also compete with other employers in our markets for hourly workers and may become subject to higher labor costs as a result
of such competition.

Fluctuations
in various food and supply costs
 particularly fruit and dairy
 could adversely affect our operating results.

Supplies
and prices of the various ingredients that we are going to use to can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal
fluctuations
 demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries.



    
    


These
factors subject us to shortages or interruptions in product supplies
 which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In
addition
 the prices of fruit and dairy
 which are the main ingredients in our products
 can be highly volatile. The fruit of
the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis
 depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase
in pricing of any fruit that we are going to use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure our fruit supply.

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel
 and our business may
be severely disrupted if we lose their services.

Our
future success heavily depends on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If one or more of our
senior executives is unable or unwilling to continue to work for us in his present position
 we may have to spend a considerable
amount of time and resources searching
 recruiting
 and integrating a replacement into our operations
 which would substantially
divert management&rsquo;s attention from our business and severely disrupt our business. This may also adversely affect our ability
to execute our business strategy. In addition
 of any of our senior executives joins a competitor or forms a competing company
we may lose customers
 suppliers
 knowhow and key employees.

Our
senior management&rsquo;s limited experience managing a publicly traded company may divert management&rsquo;s attention from operations
and harm our business.

With
the exception of our Chief Financial Officer
 our senior management team has relatively limited experience managing a publicly
traded company and complying with federal securities laws
 including compliance with recently adopted disclosure requirements
on a timely basis. Our management will be required to design and implement appropriate programs and policies in responding to
increased legal
 regulatory compliance and reporting requirements
 and any failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines
and penalties and harm our business.

We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified
 experienced
 highly skilled personnel
 which could adversely affect the implementation
of our business plan.

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract
 retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we
become a more mature company in the future
 we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed
in attracting
 hiring and integrating excellent personnel
 or retaining and motivating existing personnel
 we may be unable to
grow effectively. The loss of any key employee
 including members of our senior management team
 and our inability to attract
highly skilled personnel with sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business.

Product
liability exposure may expose us to significant liability.

We
other claims and lawsuits in the event that the
effects. We
may not be able to avoid significant liability exposure. Although we believe our insurance coverage to be adequate
 we may not
sufficient insurance coverage
coverage at a reasonable cost. An
inability to obtain product liability
A product liability claim could hurt
liability exposure
 significant costs could be incurred that could hurt our
financial performance and condition.

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights may force us to incur unanticipated costs.

Our
success will depend
 in part
protection in the United States and internationally
property incorporated into our products. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged
 narrowed
circumvented
marketing similar solutions
protection and force us to incur unanticipated costs. In addition
 existing
limited protection of our intellectual
property rights.

Our
products may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties
 and third parties may infringe our proprietary rights
either of which may result in lawsuits
 distraction of management and the impairment of our business.

As
the number of patents
 copyrights
property rights in our industry increases
 products
assert infringement
without merit could be time consuming
 result in costly litigation
agreements. Royalty or licensing
agreements
 if required
on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. We may initiate claims or litigation
of our proprietary
rights. Litigation to determine the validity of any claims
whether or not the litigation is resolved in our favor
 could
personnel from productive
litigation
 we may be required to pay substantial damages
 discontinue
non-infringing technology or
failure to develop or license a substitute technology could prevent us from
selling our products.



    
    


If
securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research
 or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
 about our
business
 our share price and trading volume could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock may be impacted
 in part
 by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about our business or us. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us
 continue to cover us or provide favorable
coverage. If one or more analysts downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock
 our share price may decline. In addition
if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in
the financial markets
 which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.

As
a public company
 we will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various
requirements on public companies
 including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate
governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives. Moreover
 these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly.

We
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to continue to operate as a public company
 nor can we
predict the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations
 in many cases due
to their lack of specificity
 and
 as a result
 their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or Section 404
 we are required to furnish a report by our management on our
internal control over financial reporting. As such
 our management has conducted this evaluation and
 as of March 31
 2015
 identified
the following material weaknesses in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting:




    
    
We did not have
    an audit committee: While we are not currently obligated to have an audit committee
 including a member who is an &ldquo;audit
    committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K
 under applicable regulations or listing standards;
    however
 it is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee is an important internal control over financial reporting
 the
    lack of which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of internal controls and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
We do not have a
    majority of independent directors on our board of directors
 which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment
    and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
Inadequate Segregation
    of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement certain control procedures related to segregation
    of duties.


Management
believes that these material weaknesses have not had an effect our financial results and has concluded that disclosure controls
and procedures remain effective. Nonetheless
 effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary to provide reliable
financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our operating
results could be harmed. We will need to continue to dedicate internal resources
 potentially engage outside consultants and adopt
a detailed work plan to modify and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting
 continue steps to improve
control processes as appropriate
 validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous
reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Continued identification of one or more material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to
a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.

We
are operating with less than a majority of independent directors.

We
do not have a majority of independent directors. The Company is operated without the oversight of a majority of independent directors
and material agreements and transactions
 including those with related parties
 are not approved with the oversight of a majority
of independent directors.


    
    


Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

As
a Delaware corporation
 we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits United States
companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. Some foreign companies
 including some that may compete with our Company
 may not be subject to these prohibitions.
Corruption
 extortion
 bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in countries in which
we conduct our business. However
 our employees or other agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences
that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

Riccardo
Delle Coste
 Steven Lang
 Arnold Tinter and Joseph M Cugine have voting control over matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders
and they may take actions that conflict with the interests of our other shareholders and holders of our debt securities.

Riccardo
Delle Coste
 Steven Lang
 Arnold Tinter and Joseph M. Cugine together
 control more than 50% of the votes eligible to be cast
by shareholders in the election of directors and generally. As a result
 Messrs. Delle Coste
 Lang
 Tinter and Cugine have the
power to control all matters requiring the approval of our shareholders
 including the election of directors and the approval
of mergers and other significant corporate transactions.

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which is a significantly more limited trading market than the New York Stock Exchange
 NYSE
MKT or the NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of the Company&rsquo;s shares on the OTCQB may result in a less liquid market available
for existing and potential shareholders to trade shares of our common stock
 could depress the trading price of our common stock
and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.

There
is limited liquidity on the OTCQB
 which may result in stock price volatility and inaccurate quote information.

When
fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTCQB
 volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the
ability to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock
 there may be a lower
likelihood of one&rsquo;s orders for shares of our common stock being executed
 and current prices may differ significantly from
the price one was quoted at the time of one&rsquo;s order entry.

If
we are unable to adequately fund our operations
 we may be forced to voluntarily file for deregistration of our common stock with
the SEC.

Compliance
with the periodic reporting requirements required by the SEC consumes a considerable amount of both internal
 as well external
resources and represents a significant cost for us. If we are unable to continue to devote adequate funding and the resources
needed to maintain such compliance
 while continuing our operations
 we could be forced to deregister with the SEC. After the
deregistration process
 our common stock would only be tradable on the &ldquo;Pink Sheets&rdquo; and could suffer a decrease in
or absence of liquidity.

Because
we became public by means of a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.

Additional
risks may exist since we became public through a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may
not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. We
cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our Company in the future.

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds
in future securities offerings.

Future
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur
could adversely affect the then prevailing market price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds
in the future through a public offering of our securities.

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 so you may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares
to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares.

Currently
the Company&rsquo;s common stock is quoted in the OTCQB and future trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional
investment funds
 including mutual funds
 as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in OTCQB stocks and
certain major brokerage firms restrict their brokers from recommending OTCQB stocks because they are considered speculative
 volatile
and thinly traded. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and our common stock
is subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting. Thus
 there is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for
the Company&rsquo;s common stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally
result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces
the liquidity of the shares traded there.


    
    


The
trading volume of our common stock has been and may continue to be limited and sporadic. As a result of such trading activity
the quoted price for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market
value. Further
 if we cease to be quoted
 holders would find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and as a result
 the market value of our common stock likely
would decline.

Our
common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations.

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors
 including market perception of our
ability to achieve our planned growth
 quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry
 trading volume in
our common stock
 changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting the Company&rsquo;s
competitors or the Company itself. In addition
 the OTCQB is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in general. This
volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their
operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock.

We
are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock.

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB. Our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15(g)-9
 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act as long as the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share. Under such rule
 broker-dealers
who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special
sales practice requirements
 including a requirement that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock
Reform Act of 1990
 also requires additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock.
Generally
 the Commission defines a penny stock as any equity security not traded on a national exchange that has a market price
of less than $5.00 per share. The required penny stock disclosures include the delivery
 prior to any transaction
 of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Such requirements could severely limit the market
liquidity of the securities and the ability of purchasers to sell their securities in the secondary market.

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends
 shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in
value.

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock or common stock. For the foreseeable future
 it is expected
that earnings
 if any
 generated from our operations will be used to finance the growth of our business
 and that no dividends
will be paid to holders of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result
 the success of an investment in our common stock will
depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There can be no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value.

The
price of our common stock may become volatile
 which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation.

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our operating results;

    
    
announcements
    of developments by us or our competitors;

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;

    
    
adoption
    of new accounting standards affecting the our industry;

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;

    
    
introduction
    of new products by us or our competitors;

    
    
sales
    of our common stock or other securities in the open market; and

    
    
other
    events or factors
 many of which are beyond our control.


The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past
 following periods of volatility in the market
price of a company&rsquo;s securities
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation
initiated against us
 whether or not successful
 could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management&rsquo;s attention
and Company resources
 which could harm our business and financial condition.



    
    


Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock.

We
intend to continue to seek financing through the issuance of equity or convertible securities to fund our operations. In the future
we may also issue additional equity securities resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present shareholders.
We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common
stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees
 future acquisitions or for other business purposes. The future issuance
of any such additional shares of common stock will result in dilution to our shareholders and may create downward pressure on
the trading price of our common stock.

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company
 which may be beneficial to
our stockholders
 more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage
 delay or prevent a merger
 acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable
 including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium
for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of
our common stock
 thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition
 because our board of directors is responsible
for appointing the members of our management team
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors.
In addition
 because we are incorporated in Delaware
 we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law
 which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining
with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding
voting stock
 unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive offices are located at 8530 Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 450
 Beverly Hills
 CA 90121. We lease this space for $7
600
per month.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

Neither
the Company nor its subsidiaries are party to or have property that is the subject of any material pending legal proceedings.
We may be subject to ordinary legal proceedings incidental to our business from time to time that are not required to be disclosed
under this Item 1.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market
Information

Our
common stock is currently traded on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;BRFH&rdquo;. Our common stock had been quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board since July 27
 2011 under the symbol MVBX. Effective February 29
 2012
 our symbol changed to BRFH based on the
forward split and name change. On March 21
 2012
 our common stock was delisted to Pink Sheets. On January 21
 2014
 we registered
our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations
for the applicable period. These quotations as reported by the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 markdown
or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    

Financial
    Quarter Ended
High
    ($)
Low
    ($)

March
                                         31
 2015
    
    

December 31
 2014
    
    

September 30
 2014
    
    

June 30
 2014
    
    

March 31
 2014
    
    

December 31
 2013
    
    

September 30
 2013
    
    

June 30
 2013
    
    




At
June 22
 2015
 there were 79
229
533 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by approximately
59 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include
beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers and registered clearing
agencies.



We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors.
We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends.
Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends
 the form
 frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations
and earnings
 capital requirements and surplus
 general financial condition
 contractual restrictions and other factors that the
board of directors may deem relevant.


    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The following
table provides information
 as of March 31
 2015
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation
plans:



Plan
    Category
Number
    of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights 
    
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights (b)
Number
    of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in Column
    
    

    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
750
000
    
14
250
000

Equity compensation plans not approved
    by security holders
800
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
550
000
    
14
250
000


Transfer
Agent

Our
transfer agent
 Action Stock Transfer
 is located at 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd
 Suite 214
 Salt Lake City
 Utah 84121
 and its telephone
number is (801) 274-1088.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities
Act that were not included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10Q or a Current Report on Form 8K.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The
information and financial data discussed below is derived from the audited financial statements of Barfresh for its fiscal years
ended March 31
 2015 and 2014. The financial statements of Barfresh were prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States. The information and financial data discussed below is only a summary and should be
read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes of Barfresh contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors.
See &ldquo;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo; above for a discussion of forward-looking statements and
the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report.

Barfresh
is a leader in the creation
 manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend frozen beverages. The current portfolio of products
includes smoothies
 shakes and frappes. All of the products are portion controlled and ready to blend beverage ingredient packs
or &ldquo;beverage packs&rdquo;. The beverage packs contain all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including
the base (either sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 real fruit pieces
 juices and ice &ndash; five ounces of water are added
before blending.

Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh
 as well as related trademarks for all of the products. In
November 2011
 the Company acquired the patent rights in the United States and Canada. The Canadian patent has been granted and
the United States patent is &ldquo;patent pending&rdquo;. On October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international
patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty and have been granted in 13 jurisdictions. The patents
are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed the treaty. In addition
 on October 15
 2013
 the Company purchased
all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

The
Company currently conducts and plans to conduct sales through two channels: National Accounts
 and through an exclusive nationwide
distribution agreement with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;)
 the U.S.&rsquo;s largest broadline distributor
 which was
entered into during July 2014.

The
process of obtaining sales orders for National Accounts generally follows several steps
 including product demonstration
 product
testing
 and exclusive flavor development for the larger National Accounts. We are currently in various stages of product development
and testing with National Accounts representing over 20
000 restaurant locations. The Company recently moved into full roll out
with a number of National Accounts
 including a national entertainment theme park operator
 and with Shari&rsquo;s Caf&eacute;
and Pies
 a family dining chain in the Pacific Northwest operating 97 restaurants which are open 24 hours a day
 365 days a year.



    
    


In
addition to the National Accounts
 the Company sells to food distributors that supply products to the food services market place.
Effective July 2
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with Sysco Merchandising and Supply Chain Services
 Inc. for resale
by the Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;) to the foodservice industry of the Company&rsquo;s ready-to-blend smoothies
 shakes
and frappes. All Barfresh products will be included in Sysco&rsquo;s national core selection of beverage items
 making Barfresh
its exclusive single-serve
 pre-portioned beverage provider. The agreement is mutually exclusive; provided however
 the products
are supplied to other foodservice distributors
 but only to the extent required for such foodservice distributors to service multi-unit
chain operators with at least 20 units and where Sysco is not such multi-unit chain operators nominated distributor for our products.
The Company has already started shipping to 20 of the 74 Sysco distribution centers under this agreement and anticipates a national
rollout over the next 12 months.

Finally
the Company intends to monetize the international patents outside of the current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding
contract manufacturing to other countries and selling either through selling agents or internal sales personnel. The Company will
also consider entering into some form of license or royalty agreements with third parties.

Barfresh
currently utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the products in the United States. Ice cream manufacturers are
best suited to produce the products and two production lines are currently operational in our Salt Lake City contract manufacturer
location. This manufacturer is currently producing products sold to existing customers as well as producing exclusive products
developed for National Accounts. Currently annual production capacity with our existing contract manufacturer is 14 million units
per year. The Company is currently in discussion with two additional contract manufacturing companies that would be able to produce
an additional 100 million units per year.

Although
there currently is not a contract in place with any suppliers for the raw materials needed to manufacture our products
 there
are a significant number of sources available and the company does not anticipate becoming dependent on any one supplier. As demand
for the range of our products grows
 we plan to contract a level of raw material requirements to ensure continuity of supply.

As
of the end of the fiscal year we had 12 employees and 3 consultants. As of June 23
 2015 we have 25 employees and 3 consultants.
There are currently 15 employees selling our products.

Most
recently
 as part of the Company&rsquo;s expansion due to the acquisition of the international patents
 a leading regional Australian
food ingredient supply and product developer has been engaged as the wholesaler and distributor for Barfresh products in Australia.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

Basis
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc.
and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.

Fair
Value Measurement

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820

Measurements and Disclosures
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and
establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy
as follows:

Level
1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets
and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed
on the New York Stock Exchange.

Level
2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reported date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or
contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.

Level
3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models
and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights.



    
    


Our
financial instruments consist of accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payable
 and convertible notes.
The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are typically unsecured. Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer
is evaluated prior to a sale. As of March 31
 2015 there is an allowance for doubtful accounts $65
000.

Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets are comprised of patents
 net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which

Other
 the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as
incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and
similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

Property
Plant and Equipment

Property
plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated
on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter
of the useful life of the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably
assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:

Furniture
and fixtures: 5 years
Equipment:
7 years
Leasehold
improvements: 2 years
Vehicles
5 years

Revenue
Recognition

We
recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the
sales price is determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured.

Research
and Development

Expenditures
for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $51
465
and $47
035
 in research and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Rent
Expense

We
recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840


 our lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the
date of initial occupancy. We include the rent holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense
is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy date. Deferred rent was $1
484 and $1
866 at March 31
 2015 and 2014 respectively
and will be charged to rent expense over the life of the lease.

Earnings
per Share

We
calculate net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings
per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2015 and
2014 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive as we had losses for the years then ended.

Recent
Pronouncements

From
time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact
of recently issued standards that are not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.
ASU Update 2014-09 Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606) issued May 28
 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on
recognizing revenue in contracts with customers with an effective date after December 15
 2016 will be evaluated as to impact
and implemented accordingly. In addition
 ASU Update 2014-15 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Sub Topic 205-40)
issued August 27
 2014 by FASB defines management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
an organization&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The additional disclosure requirement is effective after December
15
 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly.


    
    


Results
of Operations

Results
of Operation for the Year Ended March 31
 2015 as Compared to the Year Ended March 31
 2014
(References
to 2015 and 2014 are to the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 respectively
 unless otherwise specified.)

Revenue
and cost of revenue




Revenue
for 2015 was $211
467 as compared to $110
085 in 2014. Our business grew primarily from the addition of a major broad line food
distributor
 Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;). We began shipping to that customer in July 2014. In addition we are shipping
to a number of quick serve restaurants that we did not ship to in 2014.

Cost
of revenue for 2015 was $126
804 as compared to $48
534 in 2014. Our gross profit was $84
663 (40.0%) and $61
551 (55.9%) for
2015 and 2014
 respectively. There were no significant change in our selling prices. Sales in both 2015 and 2014 included sales
of blenders and freezers. We only make a nominal profit on these items as they are to accommodate our customers. We have no specific
plan as to major sales of equipment to customers in the future. We anticipate that our gross profit percentage going forward will
improve over the current percentage.

Operating
expenses

Our
operations during 2015 and 2014 were directed towards increasing sales and finalizing flavor profiles. The addition of Sysco necessitated
our increasing our selling general and administrative costs. We are continuing to add sales personnel to assist Sysco in selling
and marketing efforts to their customers. We also have added additional staff to our marketing department as well as our accounting
department. Our overhead has increased significantly as the cost of supporting the new business and personnel required it.

Our
general and administrative expenses increased $944
638 as we grew the business and may not necessarily be indicative of future
rates of growth.

The
following is a breakdown of our selling
 general and administrative expenses for 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    
    

    
1
042
870
877
646
165
224

    
685
906
291
631
394
275

    
261
489
176
334
85
155

    
246
387
166
621
79
766

    
193
806
109
104
84
702

    
183
680
259
346
(75
666

    
165
308
122
224
43
084

    
95
181
77
007
18
174

    
51
465
47
035
4
430

    
50
333
    
50
333

    
235
483
140
322
95
161

    
3
211
908
2
267
270
944
638


Personnel
cost represents the cost of employees including salaries
 employee benefits and employment taxes and continues to be our largest
cost. Personnel cost increased $165
224 (18.8%) from $877
646 in 2014 to $1
042
870 in 2015. At March 31
 2015 we had had 11 full
time employees as compared to 6 at March 31
 2014. We currently have 25 full time employees. We anticipate personnel cost to increase
in the future as we add more staff.

Stock
based compensation is used as an incentive to attract new employees and to compensate existing employees. Stock based compensation
includes stock issued and options granted to employees and non-employees and increased $394
275 (135%) from $291
631 in 2014 to
$685
906 in 2015. The amount in 2015 represents the amortization of stock grants and option grants to our directors. The fair
value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant and are being amortized over any vesting
period. The fair value of the stock options was calculated using the Black-Sholes model using the following assumptions: expected
life in years
 5; volatility
 91.0% to 91.8%; risk free rate of return
 1.35% to 1.45% and no annual dividends and are being amortized
over any vesting period. We anticipate making additional grants in the future. We anticipate making additional grants in the future.

Legal
and professional fees
 which include accounting and legal services
 increased $85
155 (48.3%) from $176
334 in 2014 to $261
489
in 2015
 as a result of increased activity. We anticipate legal fees related to ongoing Securities and Exchange Commission reporting
to remain the same and additional legal fees to be related to the number of contracts we are negotiating
 which are increasing.

Travel
and entertainment expenses increased $79
766 (47.9%) from $166
621 in 2014 to $246
387 in 2015. The increase is due to increased
travel related to selling and marketing activities. We anticipate that travel and entertainment cost will increase as we increase
the number of customers that we are selling to.


    
    


Consulting
fees decreased $75
666 (30%) from $259
346 in 2014 to $183
680 in 2015. Prior to growing our staff we relied on consultants for
services that are now being provided by employees. We anticipate consultancy costs to remain close to the current level.

Investor
relations fees increased $43
084 (35.3%) from $122
224 in 2014 to $165
308 in 2015. In 2014 we were paying a lower monthly retainer
than we currently are. In addition we attended more investor conferences in 2015 than in 2014. We anticipate that our investor
relations cost will remain at the current level.

Rent
expense increased 18
174 (23.6%) from $77
007 in 2014 to $95
181 in 2015. Rent expense is primarily for our location in Beverly
Hills
 California. Our rent expense is approximately $7
600 per month. The lease on the office commenced in October 2012
 expired
in October 2014 and was renewed and now expires in November 2016. Rent expense also includes monthly parking fees as well as an
offsite storage facilities. During 2014 we had a subtenant that leased a portion of our space. We no longer have that subtenant.
We anticipate an increase in rent in future periods.

Research
and development expenses increased $4
430 (9.42%) from $47
035 in 2014 to $51
465 in 2015. Research and development represents
the cost of developing flavor profiles of our products and the development of future equipment. We anticipate cost continuing
in future periods
 the amounts of which cannot be estimated at this point in time. Our research and development cost will be dependent
on new formulations and new flavor profiles as our customer base increases.

In
2014 we did not have any director fees. We currently pay our non-employee directors $12
500 per quarter.

Other
expenses consist of ordinary operating expenses such as office
 telephone
 insurance
 and stock related costs. These expenses
directly correlate to our overall activity. We anticipate that these cost will continue to rise as we our business activity.

We
had operating losses of $3
261
466 and $2
290
562 for 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Interest
expense increased $224
127 (76.5%) from $292
888 in 2014 to $517
015 in 2015. Interest primarily relates to convertible debt that
was issued in August 2012 and renewed in September 2013 and short term notes that were issued in December 2013 and renewed in
December 2014. The stated interest rate on the convertible debt is 12%. After giving effect to the debt discount the effective
rate of interest on the short term debt is estimated to be approximately 53% and approximately 74% on the convertible notes. Interest
expense includes direct interest of $68
044 and $66
842 for 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 calculated based on the interest rates
stated in our various debt instruments. In addition
 interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $448
971
and $224
680 for 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

We
had net losses of $3
778
481 ($0.06 per share) and $2
583
450 ($0.05 per share) for 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of March 31
 2015 we had working capital of $3
994
297.

During
the year ended March 31
 2015 we used cash of $2
282
083 in operations
 $271
927 for the purchase of equipment and $12
158 for
patents and trademarks. We generated cash flow from the sale of equipment of $15
709.

We
generated $5
283
788 in financing activity from the sale of common stock during the year ended March 31
 2015.

Our
operations to date have been financed by the sale of securities
 the issuance of convertible debt and the issuance of short-term
debt
 including related party advances. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations with the capital raised
we will be required to raise additional funds either in the form of capital or debt. There are no assurances that we will be able
to generate the necessary capital or debt to carry out our current plan of operations.

We
lease office space under a non-cancelable operating lease
 which expires November
 2016. 

The
aggregate minimum requirements under non-cancelable leases as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Fiscal Years ending March 31

    

    
91
252

    
53
231

    
144
483



    
    



Subsequent
to March 31
 2015
 we renegotiated the short term notes that were due June 2015. We repaid one note in full ($25
000) 50% of three
notes were paid ($350
000) and one note was converted to 71
429 shares of our common stock. The balance of the notes due
 $350
000
are payable on September 20
 2015 and bear interest at 12% per annum.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to stockholders.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our
consolidated financial statements are included beginning immediately following the signature page to this report. See Item 15
for a list of the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting
Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer concluded
that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31
 2015.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 for the Company.

Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015. The
framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &ldquo;Internal Control
&ndash; Integrated Framework&rdquo; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 1992
which assessment identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control
deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that creates a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement in annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


    
    


Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting
Officer we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer concluded
that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31
 2015.

However
management has identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting:



    
    
We
    do not have an audit committee: While we are not currently obligated to have an audit committee
 including a member who is
    an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K
 under applicable regulations
    or listing standards; however
 it is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee is an important internal control over financial
    reporting
 the lack of which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of internal control.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    do not have a majority of independent directors on our board of directors
 which may result in ineffective oversight in the
    establishment and monitoring of our internal control.

    
    
    

    
    
Inadequate
    Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement internal controls.


Since
the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting did identify material weaknesses
 management
considers its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective.

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

Management
believes that the material weakness set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results.

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weakness and enhance our internal control over financial reporting
 we plan to
engage additional accounting personnel to ensure that we are able to properly implement internal control procedures at such time
as funds are available.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended March
31
 2015 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The following
sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Report:



    
    
    
    
    

Riccardo Delle
    Coste
    
    
    
President
 Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman

    
    
    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Principal Accounting
    Officer
 Secretary and Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Riccardo
 has been the Chairman of our board of directors
 President and Chief Executive Officer since January 10
 2012.
He has also been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Barfresh Inc.
 a Colorado corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary
(&ldquo;Barfresh CO&rdquo;)
 since its inception. Mr. Delle Coste is the inventor of the patent pending technology and the creator
of Smoo Smoothies. Mr. Delle Coste started the business in 2005 and developed a unique system using controlled pre-packaged portions
to deliver a freshly made smoothie that is quick
 cost efficient
 healthy and with no waste. In building the business
 he is responsible
for securing new business tenders and maintaining key client relationships. He is also responsible for the development of new
product from testing to full-scale production
 establishment of the manufacturing facilities that have all necessary accreditation
(HACCP
 Halal
 and Kosher)
 technology development
 product improvement and R&amp;D with new product launches. Mr. Delle Coste
also has over five years of investment banking experience. Mr. Delle Coste attended Macquarie University
 Sydney
 Australia while
studying for a Bachelor of Commerce for 3.5 years but left to pursue business interests and did not receive a degree.

:
Mr. Delle Coste has 17 years of experience within retail
 hospitality and dairy manufacturing.

Joseph
 was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on May 18
 2015. Mr. Tesoriero has served as an independent
director of Smart &amp; Final Stores
 Inc. (NYSE: SFS) since July of 2014
 where he serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee
and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. He was most recently engaged as a financial advisor for Dole Asia Holdings
Ltd. Pte.
 a Singapore based wholly owned subsidiary of Itochu Corporation of Japan
 from April 2013 to October 2013. Prior to
this consulting engagement
 Mr. Tesoriero served as Executive Vice Present and Chief Financial Officer of Dole Food Company Inc.
from February 2010 to April 2013
 as its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from August 2004 to February 2010 and as its
Vice President of Tax from September 2002 to August 2004. Prior to joining Dole
 Mr. Tesoriero was Senior Vice President of Tax
of Global Crossing (1998-2002)
 Vice President of Tax of Coleman Camping Equipment (1997-1998)
 International Tax Attorney with
Revlon Cosmetics (1989-1997) and Tax Attorney with IBM (1980-1988). Mr. Tesoriero began his career in 1978 as a Tax Associate
with Haskins &amp; Sells (now Deloitte Touche). Mr. Tesoriero holds a B.S. in Accounting from Villanova University
 a J.D. from
New York Law School and an LL.M. in Taxation from Boston University. He has been a member of the New York State Bar since 1978.

:
Mr. Tesoriero has over 30 years of experience in corporate finance leadership positions.

Steven
 was appointed as Director of the Company on January 10
 2012. He has also served as Secretary of Barfresh CO since
its inception. Prior to joining Barfresh CO
 from 2003 to 2007
 Mr. Lang was a director of Vericap Finance Limited
 a company
that specializes in providing advice to and investing in Australian companies with international growth potential. From 1990 to
1999
 he served as a director of Babcock &amp; Brown&rsquo;s Australian operations where he was responsible for international
structured finance transactions. Mr. Lang received a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of New South
Wales in 1976 and a Master of Laws from the University of Sydney in 1984. He has been a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
in Australia and was licensed to practice foreign law in New York.

:
Mr. Lang has over 35 years of experience in business
 accounting
 law and finance and served as Chairman of an Australian public
company.

Arnold
 was appointed as Director
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company on January 10
 2012. Mr. Tinter
resigned his position as Chief Financial Officer on May 18
 2015 and was appointed as Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Tinter
founded Corporate Finance Group
 Inc.
 a consulting firm located in Denver
 Colorado
 in 1992
 and is its President. Corporate
Finance Group
 Inc.
 is involved in financial consulting in the areas of strategic planning
 mergers and acquisitions and capital
formation. He is the chief financial officer to two other public companies: LifeApps Digital Media Inc. and Arvana Inc. From 2006
to 2010 he was the chief financial officer of Spicy Pickle Franchising
 Inc.
 a public company
 where his responsibilities included
oversight of all accounting functions
 including SEC reporting
 strategic planning and capital formation. From May 2001 to May
2003
 he served as chief financial officer of Bayview Technology Group
 LLC
 a privately held company that manufactured and distributed
energy-efficient products. From May 2003 to October 2004
 he also served as that company&rsquo;s chief executive officer. Prior
to 1990
 Mr. Tinter was chief executive officer of Source Venture Capital
 a holding company with investments in the gaming
 printing
and retail industries. Mr. Tinter currently serves as a director of LifeApps Digital Media Inc.
 a public company. Mr. Tinter
received a B.S. degree in Accounting in 1967 from C.W. Post College
 Long Island University
 and is licensed as a Certified Public
Accountant in Colorado.


    
    


Qualifications:

he served as a director of numerous public companies.

Joseph
 was appointed as Director of the Company on July 29
 2014 and on April 27
 2015
 was appointed president of
our wholly owned subsidiary
 Smoothie Inc. Mr. Cugine is the owner and president of Cugine Foods and JC Restaurants
 a franchisee
of Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in New York. He is also president and owner of Restaurant Consulting Group LLC. Prior to owning and
operating his own firms
 Mr. Cugine held a series of leadership roles with PepsiCo
 lastly as chief customer officer and senior
vice president of PepsiCo&rsquo;s Foodservice division. Mr. Cugine also serves on the board of directors of The Chef&rsquo;s Warehouse
Inc.
 a publicly traded specialty food products distributor in the U.S.
 as well as Ridgefield Playhouse and R4 Technology. He
received his B.S. degree from St. Joseph&rsquo;s University in Philadelphia.

Qualifications:

 marketing
 operations and supply chain spans more than 25 years. He has extensive industry
contacts and proven experience leading and advising numerous successful food distribution companies.

Alice
was appointed as Director of the Company on October 15
 2014. Ms. Elliot is the founder and chief executive of
The Elliot Group
 a global retained executive search firm specializing in the hospitality
 foodservice
 retail and service sectors.
For more than 20 years
 Ms. Elliot has hosted the exclusive invitation only &lsquo;Elliot Leadership Conference.&rsquo; She was
a co-founder of &lsquo;The Elliot Leadership Institute
&rsquo; a nonprofit organization dedicated to leadership development and
advancement in the foodservice industry
 and is known for her philanthropic and educational endeavors and contributions. Throughout
her career
 Ms. Elliot has received various industry honors
 including the Trailblazer Award from the Women&rsquo;s Foodservice
Forum and induction into the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation&rsquo;s College of Diplomates. She was also
recently named to the Nation&rsquo;s Restaurant News list of the 50 Most Powerful People in Foodservice.

:
Well recognized for the placement of senior-level executives at public and privately held restaurant organizations nationwide
Ms. Elliot is sought out for their intellectual and strategic thought leadership.

Employment
Agreements

On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie
 Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement with Riccardo Delle Coste
 its Chief Executive Officer
and director. Mr. Delle Coste is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement
he will receive a base salary of $350
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance
targets. In addition
 Mr. Delle Coste will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie
 Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph M. Cugine to serve as President of Smoothie
Inc. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Cugine will receive a base salary of $300
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of
his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance targets. In addition
 Mr. Cugine will receive 8-year options to purchase
up to 600
000 shares of Barfresh
 one-half vesting on each of the second and third anniversaries of the date of Mr. Cugine&rsquo;s
employment agreement. In addition
 he will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan

The
Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph S. Tesoriero on May 18
 2015
 pursuant to which he agreed to
serve as Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Tesoriero will receive a base salary of $250
000 and
performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary
 based upon performance targets determined by the Board of Directors. In addition
Mr. Tesoriero was granted 350
000 shares of common stock of Barfresh and 8-year options to purchase up to 500
000 shares of common
stock of Barfresh. One-half of each of the share and option grants vests on each of the second and third anniversaries of the
date of commencement of Mr. Tesoriero&rsquo;s employment. Mr. Tesoriero will also receive 8-year performance options to purchase
up to an additional 350
000 shares on an annual basis. All shares and options granted under the employment agreement are subject
to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

Term
of Office

Directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of shareholders or until removed from office
in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until the earlier of resignation
or removal.


    
    



Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that only one of our directors is independent
which constitutes less than a majority.

Board
Committees

We
currently have an audit
 and a compensation committee. The audit committee is primarily responsible for reviewing the services
performed by our independent auditors and evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls. None of the
members of the audit committee are independent
 as defined above. In the future we will have an independent member of the committee.
The compensation committee is primarily responsible for reviewing and approving our salary and benefits policies (including stock
options) and other compensation of our executive officers.

Family
Relationships

There are
no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.

Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to the
Company
 have any material interest adverse to the Company or have
 during the past ten years:



    
    
been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offenses);

    
    
    

    
    
had
    any bankruptcy petition filed by or against him/her or any business of which he/she was a general partner or executive officer
    either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

    
    
    

    
    
been
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business
    securities
 futures
 commodities or banking activities;

    
    
    

    
    
been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
    Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
    suspended
 or vacated;

    
    
    

    
    
been
    subject to
 or party to
 any judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
    or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation
 (ii)
    any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary
    or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
    order
 or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
    with any business entity; or been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
    or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
    any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent
    exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
    a member.


Code
of Ethics

Our
Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer are bound by a Code of Ethics that complies
with Item 406 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.

To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh with respect to our most recent fiscal
year or written representations from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 our directors
executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements
with the exception of the following: Joseph M. Cugine and Alice Elliot each filed a late Form 3 and Form 4 filings.


    
    



Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The following
table summarizes all compensation for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 received by our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 who were the only executive officers of the Company in fiscal year 2014
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;:




Name
    and 
    
Salary
    


    
Stock
    
Option
    Awards ($)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
Change
    in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
    
All
    Other Compensation ($)
Total
    ($)


Riccardo Delle Coste
Chief
    Executive Officer
    
266
666
    
204
000
89
790
    
    
    
560
456


    
    
117
517
    
    
    
    
    
    
117
517


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Arnold Tinter
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
96
000
    
    
44
895
    
    
    
140
895


    
    
72
000
    
160
000
    
    
    
    
232
000



Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table

At
March 31
 2015
 the Company had no outstanding equity awards to its Named Executive Officers.

Employment
Agreements

On
April 27
 2015
 The Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Riccardo Delle Coste
 its Chief Executive Officer
and director. Mr. Delle Coste is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement
he will receive a base salary of $350
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance
targets. In addition
 Mr. Delle Coste will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph M. Cugine to serve as President of Smoothie
Inc. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Cugine will receive a base salary of $300
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of
his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance targets. In addition
 Mr. Cugine will receive 8-year options to purchase
up to 600
000 shares of Barfresh
 one-half vesting on each of the second and third anniversaries of the date of Mr. Cugine&rsquo;s
employment agreement. In addition
 he will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan

The
Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph S. Tesoriero on May 18
 2015
 pursuant to which he agreed to
serve as Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Tesoriero will receive a base salary of $250
000 and
performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary
 based upon performance targets determined by the Board of Directors. In addition
Mr. Tesoriero was granted 350
000 shares of common stock of Barfresh and 8-year options to purchase up to 500
000 shares of common
stock of Barfresh. One-half of each of the share and option grants vests on each of the second and third anniversaries of the
date of commencement of Mr. Tesoriero&rsquo;s employment. Mr. Tesoriero will also receive 8-year performance options to purchase
up to an additional 350
000 shares on an annual basis. All shares and options granted under the employment agreement are subject
to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.


    
    


Compensation
of Directors

The following
table summarizes the compensation paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of June 22
 2015 for
(i) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock
 (ii) each Named
Executive Officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially
own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii)
of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options
or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for
our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner&rsquo;s
spouse or children.

For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 22
 2015. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding
shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the
right to acquire within 60 days of June 22
 2015 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does
not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Unless otherwise specified
 the address of each of the persons set forth
below is in care of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 8530 Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 450
 Beverly Hills
 CA 90211.



Name
    and address of beneficial owner 
Amount
    and nature of beneficial ownership
Percent
    of class o/s

    
    
    

(2)
    (3) (4) (5)(6)
20
049
310
    

    
    
    

    
18
966
664
    

    
    
    

    
20
249
310
    

    
    
    

    
19
249
310
    

    
    
    

    
800
000
    

    
    
    

    
1
714
100
    

    
    
    

    
490
000
    

    
    
    

All directors and officers as a group
    (5 persons)
43
302
720
    

    
    
    

Lazarus Investment Partners LLLP 3200
    Cherry Creek South Drive Suite 670 Denver
 CO 80209 
18
093
295
    

Wolverine
175
                                         West Jackson Blvd.
Chicago
                                         IL 60604 
6
000
000
    

Bruce
c/o
200
                                         Business Park Drive
Armonk
                                         NY 10504 
4
500
000
    




    
    





    
The
    address of all officers and directors listed is c/o Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 8530 Wilshire Blvd

 Suite 450
 Beverly Hills
    &nbsp;CA 90211.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Delle Coste is the Chief Executive Officer
 President and a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    18
966
664 shares owned by R.D. Capital Holdings PTY Ltd. and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a &nbsp;beneficial
    owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    200
000 shares underlying convertible debt and 200
000 shares underlying warrants related to the convertible debt &nbsp;owned
    by the Delle Coste Family Trust. Mr. Delle Coste may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own these shares but &nbsp;disclaims
    beneficial ownership of these shares pursuant to Rule 13d-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1 934
 as amended.

    
    

    
Includes
    300
000 shares underlying options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    282
646 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which is the Delle &nbsp;Coste
    Family Trust. Mr. Delle Coste may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own these shares but disclaims beneficial &nbsp;ownership
    of these shares pursuant to Rule 13d-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Lang is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    18
966
664 shares owned by Sidra Pty Limited of which Steven Lang is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    950
000 shares underlying options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    282
6469 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which is Sidra PTY &nbsp;Limited.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Tinter is the Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    150
000 shares underlying options granted

    
    

    
Mr.
    Cugine is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    500
000 shares owned by Restaurant Consulting Group LLC of which Joe Cugine is deemed to be a beneficial &nbsp;owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    50
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common stock.

    
    

    
Ms.
    Elliot is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    160
000 shares owned by Elliot-Herbst LP of which Alice Elliot is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    30
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common stock.

    
    

    
Includes
    10
033
333 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common stock. Lazarus Management &nbsp;Company
    LLC
 a Colorado limited liability company (&ldquo;Lazarus Management&rdquo;)
 is the investment adviser and general partner
    &nbsp;of Lazarus Investment Partners LLLP (&ldquo;Lazarus Partners&rdquo;)
 and consequently may be deemed to have voting
    control and &nbsp;investment discretion over securities owned by Lazarus Partners. Justin B. Borus is the managing member
    of Lazarus &nbsp;Management. As a result
 Mr. Borus may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any shares deemed to be beneficially
    &nbsp;owned by Lazarus Management. The foregoing should not be construed in and of itself as an admission by Lazarus &nbsp;Management
    or Mr. Borus as to beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Lazarus Partners. Each of Lazarus Management &nbsp;and Mr.
    Borus disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities
 except to the extent of its or his pecuniary interests therein.

    
    

    
Includes
    2
000
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common stock. Wolverine Asset &nbsp;Management
    LLC (&ldquo;WAM&rdquo;) is the investment manager of Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited and has voting and &nbsp;dispositive
    power over these securities. The sole member and manager of WAM is Wolverine Holdings
 L.P. (&ldquo;Wolverine &nbsp;Holdings&rdquo;).
    Robert R. Bellick and Christopher L. Gust may be deemed to control Wolverine Trading Partners
 Inc.
 the &nbsp;general partner
    of Wolverine Holdings.

    
    

    
Dillon
    Hill Capital
 LLC
 of which the Mr. Grossman is the sole member
 directly owns 2
000
000 shares are common stock &nbsp;and
    warrants to purchase an additional 1
000
000 shares of common stock. Dillon Hill Investment Company
 LLC
 the sole &nbsp;member
    of which is a trust of which Mr. Grossman&rsquo;s spouse is a co-trustee
 directly owns 1
000
000 shares of common stock &nbsp;and
    warrants to purchase an additional 500
000 shares of common stock. By virtue of the relationships described above
 the &nbsp;Mr.
    Grossman n may be deemed to have sole voting and dispositive power over the shares and warrants held by Dillon Hill &nbsp;Capital
    LLC and shared voting and dispositive power over the shares and warrants held by Dillon Hill Investment Company
 &nbsp;LLC.


Changes
in control



Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2015
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under &ldquo;Executive Compensation&rdquo;). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to or better than terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions.


    
    



Our
principal executive offices were located at 90 Madison Street
 Suite 701
 Denver
 Colorado 80206 through March 2015. The executive
office was co-located with the office of Corporate Finance Group
 a company that is owned by Arnold Tinter
 a director and former
Chief Financial Officer. We used this property free of charge. We no longer occupy those premises.

The
Company&rsquo;s policy with regard to related party transactions requires any related party loans that are (i) non-interest bearing
and in excess of $100
000 or (ii) interest bearing
 irrespective of amount
 must be approved by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors.
All issuances of securities by the Company must be approved by the board of directors
 irrespective of whether the recipient is
a related party. Each of the foregoing transactions
 if required by its terms
 was approved in this manner.

Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that only one of our directors is independent
which constitutes less than a majority.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered to the Company by Eide Bailly LLP for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 were as
follows.



    
Fiscal
    2015
Fiscal
    2014

    
34
588
37
264

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
34
588
37
264


As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees.
 2015 and 2014 were for the audits of our financial statements
and reviews of our interim financial statements included in our annual and quarterly reports.

Audit
Related Fees. 
 2015 and 2014 were for the audit or review of our financial
statements that are not reported under Audit Fees.

Tax
Fees
 tax advice and tax planning
for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.

All
Other Fees. 
ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 an audit committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The SEC&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
audit committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Company has established an Audit Committee subsequent to the start of the audit. Accordingly
 none of audit services and non-audit
services described in this Item 14 were pre-approved by an Audit Committee.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3.
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Item 15(a) (3) above.

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

See
Item 15(a) (2) above.


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    July 7
 2015
    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste

    
    
Riccardo
                                         Delle Coste
Chief
        Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive Officer)




Date:
    July 7
 2015
    
/s/
    Arnold Tinter

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Accounting
    Officer


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Director
    

 2015

Riccardo Delle
    Coste
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Arnold Tinter
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Secretary and Director
    

 2015

    
    
(Principal Financial
    Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Lang
    
    
    
July
    7
 2015

Steven
                                         Lang
        
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph M. Cugine
    
    
    
July
    7
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alice Elliot
    
    
    
July
    7
 2015

    
    
    
    
    





    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements



    
    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Equity for the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    
    




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of Barfresh Food Group Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barfresh Food Group Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March
31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2015. Barfresh Food Group Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible
for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of
its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting
as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such
opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of Barfresh Food Group Inc. as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.




/s/
    Eide Bailly LLP
    

    
    

Greenwood
    Village
 Colorado
    

July
    6
 2015
    





    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
March
31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
364
657
2
632
612

    
46
096
68
640

    
165
847
76
913

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
6
386
12
007

    
5
582
986
2
790
172

Property
 plant and equipment
 net of
    depreciation
545
454
362
078

Intangible asset
 net of amortization
651
433
700
654

    
16
451
14
461

    
6
796
324
3
867
365

    
    
    

Liabilities And Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity
    
    

    
    
    

    
133
254
175
851

    
424
262
242
820

    
1
484
1
866

Short-term notes
    payable - related party
 net of discount
157
393
492
015

Short-term notes
    payable
 net of discount
539
631
52
731

Convertible note
    net of discount
325
114
    

Current
    portion of long term debt
7
551
    

    
1
588
689
965
283

    
28
916
    

Convertible
    note
 net of discount
    
193
059

    
1
617
605
1
158
342

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Preferred stock
 $0.000001 par value
    5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding
    
    

Common stock
 $0.000001 par value; 95
000
000
    shares authorized; and 77
720
828 and 65
247
660
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
    
    

    
14
034
623
7
739
117

    
(8
808
640
(5
030
159

    
(47
342
    

Total stockholders&rsquo;
    equity
5
178
719
2
709
023

Total Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
6
796
324
3
867
365


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
For
the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    

    
211
467
110
085

    
126
804
48
534

    
84
663
61
551

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
211
908
2
267
270

Depreciation
    Amortization
134
221
84
843

Total operating
    expenses
3
346
129
2
352
113

    
    
    

    
(3
261
466
(2
290
562

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
517
015
292
888

    
    
    

    
(3
778
481
(2
583
450

    
    
    

Per share information - basic and fully
    diluted:
    
    

Weighted average
    shares outstanding
66
651
993
57
276
274

Net (loss)
    per share
    
    


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    



Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc.
Statement
of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For
the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance April 1
 2013
50
366
660
    
2
355
328
(2
446
709
    
(91
331

Issuance of common stock and warrants for
    cash
 net of expenses of $295
320
14
226
000
    
4
511
166
    
    
4
511
180

Effect of beneficial conversion and issuance
    of warrants in relation to convertible debt
    
    
268
778
    
    
268
778

Effect of issuance of warrants in relation
    to debt
    
    
298
232
    
    
298
232

    
55
000
    
28
730
    
    
28
730

    
600
000
    
239
999
    
    
240
000

    
    
    
155
119
    
    
155
119

    
    
    
(118
235
    
    
(118
235

Net loss for the
    year ended March 31
 2014
    
    
    
(2
583
450
    
(2
583
450

Balance March 31
 2014
65
247
660
    
7
739
117
(5
030
159
    
2
709
023

Issuance of common stock and warrants for
    cash
 net of expenses of $238
212
11
044
000
    
5
283
777
    
    
5
283
788

Effect of issuance of warrants in relation
    to debt (debt discount)
    
    
164
638
    
    
164
638

    
155
000
    
113
845
    
    
113
845

Issuance of stock for services to employee
    and directors
964
100
    
496
457
    
(41
665
454
793

    
    
    
236
790
    
(57
209
179
581

    
    
    
    
    
51
532
51
532

    
310
068
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss for the
    year ended March 31
 2015
    
    
    
(3
778
481
    
(3
778
481

    
77
720
828
    
14
034
623
(8
808
640
(47
342
5
178
719


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
For
the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
778
481
(2
583
450

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
    net cash used in operating activities:
    
    

    
72
842
53
951

    
748
219
305
614

Amortization of
    intellectual property
61
379
30
892

Amortization of
    debt discount
448
971
228
164

Amortization of
    unearned services
51
532
    

Reserve for bad
    debt
(65
000
    

Purchase of assets
    for long term debt
37
751
    

    
    
    

    
87
544
(61
227

Receivable from
    related party
    
13
540

    
(88
934
(64
201

    
5
621
214
594

    
(1
990
(3
730

    
(42
597
(71
831

    
181
442
55
724

    
    
(3
200

Net cash used
    in operations
(2
282
083
(1
885
160

    
    
    

    
    
    

Purchase of fixed
    assets
(271
927
(104
532

Disposition of fixed
    assets
15
709
    

Purchase of
    patents
(12
158
(699
561

Net Cash used
    in investing activities
(268
376
(804
093

    
    
    

    
    
    

Issuance of common
    stock and warrants for cash
5
283
788
4
511
180

Issuance of short
    term notes
    
775
000

Repayment of long
    term debt
(1
284
    

Repayment of convertible
    debt
    
(40
000

Issuance of convertible
    debt
    
20
000

Advance from related
    party
    
485
132

Repayment to related
    party
    
(515
404

    
5
282
504
5
235
908

    
    
    

    
2
732
045
(2
546
655

    
2
632
612
85
957

    
5
364
657
2
632
612

    
    
    

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
    information:
    
    

    
81
185
63
875

Cash paid for income
    taxes
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Common stock issued
    for services/stock based compensation
847
092
268
730

Fair value of warrants
    issued with convertible notes
164
638
142
873

Value of beneficial conversion of
    convertible notes
    
125
905

Fair value of warrants
    issued with notes payable
    
298
232


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

Note
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
 (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated on February
25
 2010 in the State of Delaware. We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

Basis
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc.
and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

We
consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash
equivalents.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
amount of cash on deposit with financial institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at March 31
 2015. However
we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss
is minimal.

Fair
Value Measurement

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820

Measurements and Disclosures
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and
establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy
as follows:

Level
1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets
and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed
on the New York Stock Exchange.

Level
2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reported date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or
contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.

Level
3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models
and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights.

Our
financial instruments consist of accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 amounts due to a related party
 notes
payable
 and convertible notes. The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative
short maturities.


    
    



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are typically unsecured. Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer
is evaluated prior to a sale. As of March 31
 2015 there is an allowance for doubtful accounts $65
000.

Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets are comprised of patents
 net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which

Other
 the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as
incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and
similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

Property
Plant and Equipment

Property
plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated
on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter
of the useful life of the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably
assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:

Furniture
and fixtures: 5 years
Equipment:
7 years
Leasehold
improvements: 2 years
Vehicles
5 years

Revenue
Recognition

We
recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the
sales price is determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured.

Research
and Development

Expenditures
for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $51
465
and $47
035
 in research and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Rent
Expense

We
recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840


 our lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the
date of initial occupancy. We include the rent holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense
is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy date. Deferred rent was $1
484 and $1
866 at March 31
 2015 and 2014 respectively
and will be charged to rent expense over the life of the lease.

Earnings
per Share

We
calculate net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings
per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2015 and
2014 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive as we had losses for the years then ended.

Recent
Pronouncements

From
time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact
of recently issued standards that are not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.
ASU Update 2014-09 Revenue From Contracts With Customers (Topic 606) issued May 28
 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on
recognizing revenue in contracts with customers with an effective date after December 15
 2016 will be evaluated as to impact
and implemented accordingly. In addition
 ASU Update 2014-15 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Sub Topic 205-40)
issued August 27
 2014 by FASB defines management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
an organization&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The additional disclosure requirement is effective after December
15
 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly.


    
    



Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

Note
2. Property Plant and Equipment

Major
classes of property and equipment at March 31
 2015 and 2014 consist of the following:



    
    
    

    
10
794
13
331

    
632
596
372
617

    
3
300
3
300

    
58
752
    

    
705
442
389
248

    
(159
988
(87
146

    
545
454
302
102

    
    
59
976

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
545
454
362
078


We
recorded depreciation expense related to these assets of $72
103 and $53
951 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Note
3. Intangible Assets

As
of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 intangible assets primarily consists of patent costs of $748
806 and $736
648
 less accumulated amortization
of $97
373 and $35
994
 respectively.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we acquired at a cost of $672
157
 all of the international patent rights for a pre-portioned
ready to blend packet for beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

The
amounts carried on the balance sheet represent cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred
by the Company. Amortization is calculated through the expiration date of the patent
 which is December
 2025. The amount charged
to expenses for amortization of the patent costs was $61
378 and $30
892 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Estimated
future amortization expense related to intangible property as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Years
    ending March 31

Total
    Amortization

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
60
513

    
348
868

    
651
433


Note
4. Advance from Related Party

During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we received a cash advance from an affiliate of a director and shareholder of the Company in the
amount of $672
157 (Australian $710
000)
 which was used for the purchase of certain international patent rights. The advance
was repaid with interest calculated at 6.0% per annum
 $5
617. The repayment was made in the form of a note in the amount $200
000
and cash of $451
495
 which was net of a foreign exchange gain of $26
280
 as payments were due in Australian dollars.



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

During
the years ended March 31
 2014 we received cash advances in the amounts of $12
975 from a relative of an officer of the Company.
The advances bear no interest and were repaid.

Note
5. Short-Term Notes Payable (Related and Unrelated)

In
December 2013
 we closed an offering of $775
000 in short-term notes payable (&ldquo;Short-Term Notes&rdquo;)
 $500
000 of which
was purchased by a significant shareholder
 $100
000 was purchased by the family trust of an officer
 director and significant
shareholder and $100
000 was purchased by a company controlled by a director and significant shareholder. During 2014 the $100
000
that was purchased by the family trust of an officer
 director and significant shareholder is no longer considered to be owned
by the officer as he is no longer
 nor is any other related party
 the trustee and does not exercise control over the trust and
is not classified as a related party debt. The Short-Term Notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum and were due and payable
on December 20
 2014. We also issued 1
291
667 warrants to the Short-Term Note holders for the right to purchase shares of our
common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per share
 may be
exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of five years.

In
(&ldquo;ASC 470&rdquo;)
 we first
calculated the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative value of the Short-Term Notes.

The
relative value of the warrants was $298
232
 which was the amount recorded as debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount
was amortized over the life of the note
 one year
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as
calculated to be approximately 52% but paid cash at a rate of 2% per annum.

We
exercised our right to extend the due date of the Short-Term Notes to June 20
 2015. The extended Short-Term Notes bear at the
rate of 3% per annum and required us to issue additional warrants (&ldquo;Extension Warrants&rdquo;). We issued 898
842 warrants
to the Short-Term Note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of our common stock at a price of $0.485 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period
of three years.

As
discussed above we accounted for the warrants as per the guidance in ASC 470. The relative value of the new warrants
 $164
638
was the amount recorded as the new debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount is being amortized over the life of the
note
 six months
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately
53% but pay cash at a rate of 3% per annum.

The
fair value of the warrant
 $0.23 per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


The balance
at March 31
 2015 was comprised of:



Convertible notes payable
    related and unrelated parties
775
000

Unamortized Debt
    discount
(77
976

    
697
024


Interest
expenses includes direct interest of $17
644 and amortization of debt discount of $316
917 for the year ended March 31
 2015 for
this note.



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

Note
6. Convertible Note (Related and Unrelated)

In
August 2012
 we closed an offering of $440
000 of convertible notes

The
notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6
 2013. In addition
 the notes were convertible
at any time after the original issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding into our common stock at a conversion price
of $0.372 per share. We also issued 956
519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock.
Each warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per share for a term of seven years.

When
the convertible notes were due we settled the notes by repaying $40
000 of the notes in cash
 issuing new convertible notes in
the amount of $400
000 and received payment for another note in the amount of $20
000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of
12% per annum and are due and payable on September 6
 2015. In addition the new notes are convertible at any time after the original
issue date until the new notes are no longer outstanding
 into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also
issued warrants to the new note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1
680
000 warrants issued. The warrants issued
with the original notes were cancelled.

In
accordance with the guidance in ASC 470
 we first calculated the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative
value of the notes and determined that there was a beneficial conversion feature.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $0.13 per share
 ($216
531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing
model using the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


The
relative value of the warrants to the notes was $142
873
 which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We
also recorded a beneficial conversion feature on the convertible notes of $125
905. The amounts recorded as debt discount are
being amortized over the life of the notes
 two years
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate
as calculated to be approximately 74% but will be paying cash at a rate of 12% per annum.

The
balance at March 31
 2015 was comprised of:



Convertible notes payable
    related and unrelated parties
420
000

Unamortized Debt
    discount
(94
886

    
325
114


Interest
expenses includes direct interest of $50
400 and amortization of debt discount of $132
054 for the year ended March 31
 2015 for
this note.

Note
7. Long term Debt

Long
term debt at March 31
 2015 consists of installment payments on two vehicles maturing in November 2019 and April 2020. The installment
agreements bears no interest. Monthly payments are $629 per month.



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

Note
8. Commitments and Contingencies

We lease
office space under a non-cancelable operating lease
 which expires October 31
 2014. We renewed the lease and it will now expire
on November 7
 2016.

The aggregate
minimum requirements under non-cancelable leases as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Fiscal Years ending March 31

    

    
91
881

    
54
529

    
145
410


Note
9. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists
of one share of common stock and a three year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price
of $0.50 per share (&ldquo;Unit&rdquo; or &ldquo;Units&rdquo;). We sold 1
600
000 units representing 1
600
000 shares and warrants
to purchase 800
000 shares for total consideration of $400
000.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $123
496
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an
allocation of the proceeds applied to the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated
to the shares of common stock issued. The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital.
The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


During
July and August of 2013 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consisted of one
share of common stock
 a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share
(which may be exercised on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at
an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&ldquo;Unit&rdquo; or &ldquo;Units) for total consideration of $1
906
500 less $267
645
in cost for a net amount received of $1
638
855.

The
fair value of the warrants
 estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $3
089
919. The estimated
value was higher than the proceeds received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value
of the common stock
 has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes
option pricing model:



    
3
                                         - 5

    
87
                                         - 106

    
0.67
                                         - 1.38

    
    


During
March 2014 we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common
stock
 a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (which may be exercised
on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50
per share for total consideration of $2
500
000 less $27
675 in cost for a net amount received of $2
472
325. Included in the
cost of the offering is value of Units issued to legal counsel for services in connection with the offering.



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

The
fair value of the warrants
 estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $1
001
396. The estimated
value was higher than the proceeds received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value
of the common stock
 has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes
option pricing model:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we terminated a contract with a non-employee. All previously unvested stock option expense attributed
to the non-employee
 in the amount of $14
747 was reversed and credited to general and administrative expenses.

Certain
previously granted restricted stock rights and stock options were subject to performance conditions. As a result of the employee
termination the performance conditions will not be met. In accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&ldquo;ASC
718&rdquo;)
 previously recognized unvested equity based compensation cost of $103
488 has been reversed during the year ended
March 31
 2014.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014 we issued 600
000 shares of common stock to officers and directors of the Company for services rendered.
In accordance with ASC 718 compensation expense in the amount of $240
000 was recognized in the statement of operations for the
year ended March 31
 2014. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 55
000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for consulting services. Pursuant
to the guidance in ASC 505
 the value of the shares was charged to expense in the amount of $28
730. The fair value of the stock
was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued options to purchase 800
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50
per share to a Director of the Company. The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 3 years from the date
of issuance
 February 14
 2014. The fair value of the options
 $115
119
 which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


All
other previously outstanding stock options issued to employees were cancelled during the year ended March 31
 2014.

During
the year ended March 31
 2015 we completed two offerings of common stock units at a price of $0.50 per unit. Each unit consists
of one share of common stock and a five year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price
of $0.60 per share (&ldquo;Unit&rdquo; or &ldquo;Units&rdquo;). We sold a total of 11
044
000 units representing 11
044
000 shares
and warrants to purchase 5
522
000 shares for total consideration of $5
522
000.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $1
842
613 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an
allocation of the proceeds applied to the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated
to the shares of common stock issued. The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital.
The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

During
the year ended March 31
 2015 we issued 900
000 shares of common stock to an officer and two employees of the Company for services
rendered. In accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;)
 compensation expense in
the amount of $446
460 was recognized in the statement of operations.

Also
during the year ended March 31
 2015
 we issued 155
000 shares of our restricted common stock to legal counsel and a consultant
to the Company. In accordance with ASC Topic 505
 Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees (&ldquo;ASC 505&rdquo;)
 expense in the
amount of $113
845 was recognized in the statement of operations.

Additionally
during the year ended March 31
 2015 we issued 64
100 shares of our Common Stock to a Director. The fair value of the stock was
based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant. The shares vest over a one year period and are being amortized
over that period. The unamortized balance is shown as Unearned Services in the equity section of the Balance Sheet.

We
also issued options to purchase 600
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.45 per share to two officers and
directors and a director of the Company. The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 5 years from the date
of issuance
 January 21
 2014. The fair value of the options
 $179
581
 which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


During
the year ended March 31
 2015 we issued 150
000 options to a director of the Company. The exercise price of the options is $0.54
per share
 which was the fair market value of the option on the date of grant and is exercisable for a period of 5 years. The
options vest on the first anniversary of the issuance
 October 14
 2015. The unamortized balance is shown as Unearned Services
in the equity section of the Balance Sheet.

The
fair value of the option
 $0.3814 per share
 ($57
209 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
using the following assumptions and is being written off over a 1 year period:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


The following
is a summary of outstanding stock options issued to employees and directors as of Mach 31
 2015:



    
Number
    of
    
Exercise
    price
    
    
    
    
    
Aggregate
    intrinsic
    
    

Outstanding April 1
 2013
625
000
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
    
    

    
625
000
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2014
800
000
    
    
    

    
750
000
0.45
                                         - 0.54
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March
    31
 2015
1
550
000
0.45
                                         - 0.54
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
400
000
0.45
                                         &ndash; 0.50
    
    





    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

Note
10. Outstanding Warrants

The
following is a summary of all outstanding warrants as of March 31
 2015:



    
Number
    of
    
Exercise
    price
    
    
Average
    remaining term
    
    
    
    

Warrants issued in connection
    with private placements of common stock
22
664
312
0.25
                                         - 1.50
    
1
907
650

Warrants issued in connection with private
    placement of convertible notes
1
680
000
    
    
    

Warrants issued in connection with short-term
    notes payable
2
190
509
    
    
64
583


Note
11. Interest Expense

Interest
expense includes direct interest of $68
044 and $63
276 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 calculated
based on the interest rate stated in our debt instruments.

In
addition as more fully described in Note 6 above
 interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $448
970
and $228
165 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Interest
expense also included various finance charges of $1
447 for the year ended March 31
 2014.

Note
12. Income Taxes

Income
tax provision (benefit) for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 is summarized below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
015
700
(790
200

    
(98
600
(76
700

    
(1
114
300
(866
900

    
1
114
300
866
900




    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision
for income taxes. The sources and tax effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Components
of the net deferred income tax assets at March 31
 2015 and 2014 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
2
820
800
1
706
500

    
(2
820
800
(1
706
500

    
    
    


ASC
740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more
than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the
evidence
 both positive and negative
 management has determined that a $2
820
800 and $1
706
500 allowance at March 31
 2015 and
2014
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The
change in the valuation allowance for the current year is $1
114
300.

As
of March 31
 2015
 we have a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $7
562
400. The loss will be available to offset
future taxable income. If not used
 this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
1
000

    
63
800

    
345
900

    
1
840
300

    
2
324
100

    
2
987
300


As
of March 31
 2015 we did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.

Note
13. Business Segments

During
the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:



    
    
    

    
6
968
65
760

    
204
499
44
325

    
211
467
110
085


All of our
assets are located in the United States.



    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
March
31
 2015 and 2014

The
following is a breakdown of customers representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2015



    
Revenue
    from customer
Percentage
    of total revenue

    
58
911
    

    
52
195
    

    
24
234
    

    
135
340
    


The following
is a breakdown of customers representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2014:



    
Revenue
    from customer
Percentage
    of total revenue

    
67
760
    

    
20
160
    

    
12
960
    

    
100
880
    


Note 14.
Subsequent Events

Management
has evaluated all activity and concluded that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial
statements or disclosure in the notes to the financial statements except as for the following:

Subsequent
to March 31
 2015
 we renegotiated the short term notes that were due June 2015. We repaid one note in full ($25
000)
 50% of
three notes were paid ($350
000) and one note was converted to 71
429 shares of our common stock. The balance of the notes due
$350
000
 are payable on September 20
 2015 and bear interest at 10% per annum.



    
    


Exhibit
Index



    
        
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Share
    Exchange Agreement dated January 10
 2012 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Andreas Wilcken
 Jr.
 Barfresh Inc. and the shareholders
    of Barfresh Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 25
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 (Registration
    No. 333-168738) as filed August 11
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of Barfresh Food Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as
    filed August 4
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 13
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Smoothie Holdings Inc. dated February 16
 2012 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
        
        
    
Form
                                         of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form
                                         8-K as filed January 17
 2012)
        

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June
    30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June
    30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series D Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June
    30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series PA Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed
    June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
        
        
    
Form
                                         of Series CN Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10K for the period
                                         ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June 30
 2014)
        

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series N Warrant**

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series E Warrant**

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series G Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 16
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Note dated December 20
 2013 by Barfresh Food Group Inc. in favor of certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    4.1 to Form 10Q for the period ending December 31
 2013
 as filed February 13
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement dated December 20
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10Q for the period
    ending December 31
 2013
 as filed February 13
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Intellectual
    Property Sale Deed by and between National Australia Bank Limited and Barfresh Inc. dated October 15
 2013 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed November 20
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    of Sale
 dated January 10
 2012
 by and among Moving Box Inc. and Andreas Wilcken
 Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 of Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement dated January 10
 2012 by and between Moving Box
 Inc. and certain investors. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 of Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Lock Up Agreement dated January 10
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
    January 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    No. 2
 dated January 10
 2012 to Agreement dated March 21
 2010
 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Moving Box Entertainment LLC
    Garrett LLC
 Ian McKinnon
 Brad Miller
 Andreas Wilckin
 Jr. and Uptone Pictures
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.5 to Current Report on Form 8-K
 as filed January 17
 2012)




    
    




    
    
Investor
    Release dated January 10
 2012
 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Andreas Wilcken
 Jr.
 Garrett LLC
 Ian McKinnon and Brad Miller
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement dated March 13
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form
    8-K as filed February 16
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Barfresh
    Food Group
 Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed June
    30
 2014)+

    
    
    

    
    
Barfresh
    Food Group
 Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan*+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie
 Inc. and Riccardo Delle Coste dated April 27
 2015*+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie
 Inc. and Joseph M. Cugine dated April 27
 2015*+

    
    
    

    
        
        
        
        
    
Executive
                                         Employment Agreement by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Joseph S. Tesoriero
                                         dated May 18
 2015*+

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 pursuant
    to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant &#9;to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal
                                         Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to &#9;Section
                                         302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith)


    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal
                                         Executive Officer of the Company
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as &#9;adopted
                                         pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal
                                         Financial Officer of the Company
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as &#9;adopted
                                         pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    Document*

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    Document*

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
    Document*

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
    Linkbase Document*





    
    
Filed
    herewith

    
    
    

    
    
Compensatory
    plan


In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.

Furnished
herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.



    
    













     



BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

2015
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

1.
The Barfresh Food Group Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan has two complementary purposes: (a) to attract and
retain outstanding individuals to serve as officers
 employees
 directors
 consultants and advisors to the Company and its Affiliates
and (b) to increase stockholder value. The Plan will provide participants with incentives to increase stockholder value by offering
the opportunity to acquire shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock or receive monetary payments based on the value of such
Common Stock
 on the potentially favorable terms that this Plan provides.

2.
 The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board of Directors of the Company
 subject
to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months of the effective date. Any Awards granted under the Plan
prior to such stockholder approval shall be conditioned on such approval.

3.


(a)
&ldquo;Affiliate&rdquo; means any entity that
 directly or through one or more intermediaries
 is controlled by
 controls
 or
is under common control with
 the Company within the meaning of Code Sections 414(b) or (c)
 provided that
 in applying such provisions
the phrase &ldquo;at least fifty percent (50%)&rdquo; shall be used in place of &ldquo;at least eighty percent (80%)&rdquo; each
place it appears therein.

(b)
&ldquo;Award&rdquo; means a grant of Options (as defined below)
 Stock Appreciation Rights (as defined in Section 3(w) hereof)
Performance Shares (as defined in Section 3(p) hereof)
 Restricted Stock (as defined in Section 3(s) hereof)
 or Restricted Stock
Units (as defined in Section 3(t) hereof).

(c)
&ldquo;Bankruptcy&rdquo; shall mean (i) the filing of a voluntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law
 or a petition
for the appointment of a receiver or the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors
 with respect to the Participant
or (ii) the Participant being subjected involuntarily to such a petition or assignment or to an attachment or other legal or equitable
interest with respect to the Participant&rsquo;s assets
 which involuntary petition or assignment or attachment is not discharged
within 60 days after its date
 and (iii) the Participant being subject to a transfer of its Issued Shares by operation of law
(including by divorce
 even if not insolvent)
 except by reason of death.

(d)
&ldquo;Board&rdquo; means the Board of Directors of the Company.


    
    


(e)
&ldquo;Change of Control&rdquo; shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day that any one or more of the following conditions
is satisfied
 including
 but not limited to
 the signing of documents by all parties and approval by all regulatory agencies
if required:

(i)
The stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(ii)
The consummation of (A) an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets (other
than to an Excluded Person (as defined below))
 or (B) a merger
 consolidation or reorganization of the Company with or involving
any other corporation
 other than a merger
 consolidation or reorganization that would result in the holders of voting securities
of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to hold (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted
into voting securities of the surviving entity)
 at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of the Company (or such other surviving entity) outstanding immediately after such merger
 consolidation or reorganization.

An
Excluded Person means: (i) the Company or any of its Affiliates
 (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates
 (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to
an offering of such securities or (iv) a corporation owned
 directly or indirectly
 by the stockholders of the Company in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of stock in the Company.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 with respect to an Award that is considered deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A
 if the definition
of &ldquo;Change of Control&rdquo; results in the payment of such Award
 then such definition shall be amended to the minimum
extent necessary
 if at all
 so that the definition satisfies the requirements of a change of control under Code Section 409A.

(f)
&ldquo;Code&rdquo; means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. Any reference to a specific provision of the Code includes
any successor provision and the regulations promulgated under such provision.

(g)
&ldquo;Committee&rdquo; means the Compensation Committee of the Board (or a successor committee with similar authority) or if
no such committee is named by the Board
 than it shall mean the Board.

(h)
&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo; means the Common Stock of the Company
 par value $0.001 per share.

(i)
&ldquo;Company&rdquo; means Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 or any successor thereto.

(j)
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo; means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended from time to time. Any reference to a specific
provision of the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any successor provision thereto.

(k)
&ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; means
 per Share on a particular date
 the value as determined by the Committee using a reasonable
valuation method within the meaning of Code Section 409A
 based on all information in the Company&rsquo;s possession at such time
or if applicable
 the value as determined by an independent appraiser selected by the Board or Committee.


    
    


(l)
&ldquo;Issued Shares&rdquo; means
 collectively
 all outstanding Shares issued pursuant to an Award and all Option Shares.

(m)
&ldquo;Option&rdquo; means the right to purchase Shares at a stated price upon and during a specified time. &ldquo;Options&rdquo;
may either be &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; which meet the requirements of Code Section 422
 or &ldquo;nonqualified stock
options&rdquo; which do not meet the requirements of Code Section 422.

(n)
&ldquo;Option Shares&rdquo; mean outstanding Shares that were issued to a Participant upon the exercise of an Option.

(o)
&ldquo;Participant&rdquo; means an officer or other employee of the Company or its Affiliates
 or an individual that the Company
or an Affiliate has engaged to become an officer or employee
 or a consultant or advisor who provides services to the Company
or its Affiliates
 including a non-employee director of the Board
 whom the Committee designates to receive an Award.

(p)
&ldquo;Performance Shares&rdquo; means the right to receive Shares to the extent the Company
 Subsidiary
 Affiliate or other business
unit and/or Participant achieves certain goals that the Committee establishes over a period of time the Committee designates.

(q)
&ldquo;Permitted Transferee&rdquo; means
 in connection with a transfer made for bona fide estate planning purposes
 either during
a Participant&rsquo;s lifetime or on death by will or intestacy
 to his or her spouse
 child (natural or adopted)
 or any other
direct lineal descendant of such Participant (or his or her spouse) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to as &ldquo;family
members&rdquo;)
 or any other relative approved unanimously by the Board of Directors of the Company
 or any custodian or trustee
of any trust
 partnership or limited liability company for the benefit of
 or the ownership interests of which are owned wholly
by
 such Participant or any such family members.

(r)
&ldquo;Plan&rdquo; means this Barfresh Food Group Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended from time to time.

(s)
&ldquo;Restricted Stock&rdquo; means Shares that are subject to a risk of forfeiture and/or restrictions on transfer (including
but not limited to stock grants with the recipient having the right to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code)
 which
may lapse upon the achievement or partial achievement of performance goals during a specified period and/or upon the completion
of a period of service or upon the occurrence of other events
 as determined by the Committee.

(t)
&ldquo;Restricted Stock Unit&rdquo; means the right to receive a Share
 or a cash payment
 the amount of which is equal to the
Fair Market Value of a Share
 which is subject to a risk of forfeiture which may lapse upon the achievement or partial achievement
of performance goals during a specified period and/or upon the completion of a period of service or upon the occurrence of other
events
 as determined by the Committee.

(u)
&ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo; means the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations thereunder.


    
    


(v)
&ldquo;Share&rdquo; means a share of Common Stock.

(w)
&ldquo;Stock Appreciation Right&rdquo; or &ldquo;SAR&rdquo; means the right of a Participant to receive cash
 and/or Shares with
a Fair Market Value
 equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share over the grant price.

(x)
&ldquo;Subsidiary&rdquo; means any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the
corporations (other than the last corporation in the chain) owns stock possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined
voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in the chain.

(y)
&ldquo;10% Owner-Employee&rdquo; means an employee who
 at the time an incentive stock option is granted
 owns (directly or indirectly
within the meaning of Code Section 424(d)) more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock
of the Company or of any Subsidiary.

4.


(a)
. The Committee has full authority to administer this Plan
 including the authority to (i) interpret
the provisions of this Plan
 (ii) prescribe
 amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan
 (iii) correct any
defect
 supply any omission
 or reconcile any inconsistency in any Award or agreement covering an Award in the manner and to the
extent it deems desirable to carry this Plan into effect
 and (iv) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the
administration of this Plan. All actions or determinations of the Committee are made in its sole discretion and will be final
and binding on any person with an interest therein. If at any time the Committee is not in existence
 the Board shall administer
the Plan and references to the Committee in the Plan shall mean the Board.

(b)
. To the extent applicable law permits
 the Board may delegate to another committee
of the Board or to one or more officers of the Company
 or the Committee may delegate to a sub-committee
 any or all of the authority
and responsibility of the Committee. If the Board or Committee has made such a delegation
 then all references to the Committee
in this Plan include such committee
 sub-committee or one or more officers to the extent of such delegation.

(c)
. No member of the Committee
 and no individual or officer to whom a delegation under subsection (b) has been
made
 will be liable for any act done
 or determination made
 by the individual in good faith with respect to the Plan or any
Award. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless such individual to the maximum extent that the law and the Company&rsquo;s
bylaws permit.


    
    


5.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan and applicable law
 the Committee has full power
and authority to: (a) designate from time to time the Participants to receive Awards under this Plan; (b) determine the type or
types of Awards to be granted to each Participant; (c) determine the number of Shares with respect to which an Award relates;
and (d) determine any terms and conditions of any Award including but not limited to permitting the delivery to the Company of
Shares or the relinquishment of an appropriate number of vested Shares under an exercisable Option in satisfaction of part of
all of the exercise price of
 or withholding taxes with respect to
 an Award or payment through a &ldquo;net exercise&rdquo; procedure
established by the Company such that
 without the payment of any funds
 the Participant may exercise the Option and receive the
net number of Shares. Method of payment
 in the case of an incentive stock option
 shall be determined at the time of grant. Awards
may be granted either alone or in addition to
 in tandem with
 or in substitution for any other Award (or any other award granted
under another plan of the Company or any Affiliate). The Committee&rsquo;s designation of a Participant in any year will not require
the Committee to designate such person to receive an Award in any other year.

6.


(a)
. An aggregate of fifteen million (15
000
000) Shares are reserved for issuance under this Plan
 all of which
may be issued as any form of Award.

(b)
. If an Award lapses
 expires
 terminates or is cancelled without the issuance of
Shares or payment of cash under the Award
 then the Shares subject to or reserved for in respect of such Award
 or the Shares
to which such Award relates
 may again be used for new Awards as determined under subsection (a)
 including issuance pursuant
to incentive stock options. If Shares are delivered to (or withheld by) the Company in payment of the exercise price or withholding
taxes of an Award
 then such Shares may be used for new Awards under this Plan as determined under subsection (a)
 including issuance
pursuant to incentive stock options. If Shares are issued under any Award and the Company subsequently reacquires them pursuant
to rights reserved upon the issuance of the Shares
 then such Shares may be used for new Awards under this Plan as determined
under subsection (a)
 but excluding issuance pursuant to incentive stock options.

7.
Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine all terms and conditions of each Option
 including
but not limited to:

(a)
Whether the Option is an incentive stock option or a nonqualified stock option; provided that in the case of an incentive stock
option
 if the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of the Shares with respect to which such option and
all other incentive stock options issued under this Plan (and under all other incentive stock option plans of the Company or any
Affiliate that is required to be included under Code Section 422) are first exercisable by the Participant during any calendar
year exceeds $100
000
 such Option automatically shall be treated as a nonqualified stock option to the extent this limit is exceeded.
Only employees of the Company or a Subsidiary are eligible to be granted incentive stock options;

(b)
The number of Shares subject to the Option;

(c)
The exercise price per Share
 which may not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share as determined on the date of grant;
provided that an incentive stock option granted to a 10% Owner-Employee must have an exercise price that is at least one hundred
ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant;

(d)
The terms and conditions of exercise; and


    
    


(e)
The termination date
 except that each Option must terminate no later than the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of grant and
each incentive stock option granted to any 10% Owner-Employee must terminate no later than the fifth (5th) anniversary of the
date of grant.

In
all other respects
 the terms of any incentive stock option should comply with the provisions of Code Section 422 except to the
extent the Committee determines otherwise.

8.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine all terms and conditions
of each SAR
 including but not limited to:

(a)
The number of Shares to which the SAR relates;

(b)
The grant price
 provided that the grant price shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the SAR as
determined on the date of grant;

(c)
The terms and conditions of exercise or maturity;

(d)
The term
 provided that an SAR must terminate no later than the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of grant; and

(e)
Whether the SAR will be settled in cash
 Shares or a combination thereof.

9.
 Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine all terms and conditions
of each Performance Share Award
 including but not limited to:

(a)
The number of Shares to which the Performance Share Award relates;

(b)
The terms and conditions of each Award
 including
 without limitation
 the selection of the performance goals that must be achieved
for the Participant to realize all or a portion of the benefit provided under the Award; and

(c)
Whether all or a portion of the Shares subject to the Award will be issued to the Participant
 without regard to whether the performance
goals have been attained
 in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death
 disability
 retirement or other circumstance.

10.
. Subject to the terms of this Plan
 the Committee will determine
all terms and conditions of each award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units
 including but not limited to:

(a)
The number of Shares or Restricted Stock Units to which such Award relates;

(b)
The period of time over which
 and/or the criteria or conditions that must be satisfied so that
 the risk of forfeiture and/or
restrictions on transfer imposed on the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units will lapse;

(c)
Whether all or a portion of the Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units will be released from a right of repurchase and/or
be paid to the Participant in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death
 disability
 retirement or other circumstance;


    
    


(d)
With respect to awards of Restricted Stock
 the manner of registration of certificates for such Shares
 and whether to hold such
Shares in escrow pending lapse of the risk of forfeiture
 right of repurchase and/or restrictions on transfer or to issue such
Shares with an appropriate legend referring to such restrictions;

(e)
With respect to awards of Restricted Stock
 whether dividends paid with respect to such Shares will be immediately paid or held
in escrow or otherwise deferred and whether such dividends shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the Award to which
they relate; and

(f)
With respect to awards of Restricted Stock Units
 whether to credit dividend equivalent units equal to the amount of dividends
paid on a Share and whether such dividend equivalent units shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the Award to which
they relate.

11.
. Except as set forth in Section 15 hereof
 each award granted under this plan is not transferable other
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 or to a revocable trust
 or as permitted by Rule 701 of the Securities Act.

12.


(a)
. Subject to the right of the Board or Committee to terminate the Plan earlier pursuant to Section 12(b)
 the Plan
shall terminate on
 and no Awards may be granted after the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Plan&rsquo;s effective date.

(b)
. The Board or Committee may amend
 alter
 suspend
 discontinue or terminate this Plan at any
time
 provided that:

(i)
the Board must approve any amendment of this Plan to the extent the Company determines such approval is required by: (a) action
of the Board
 (b) applicable corporate law
 or (c) any other applicable law or rule of a self-regulatory organization;

(ii)
stockholders must approve any of the following Plan amendments: (a) an amendment to materially increase any number of Shares specified
in Section 6(a) (except as permitted by Section 14(a)) or expand the class of individuals eligible to receive an Award to the
extent required by the Code
 the Company&rsquo;s bylaws or any other applicable law
 (b) any other amendment if required by applicable
law or the rules of any self-regulatory organization
 or (c) an amendment that would diminish the protections afforded by Section
12(e); provided
 that such stockholder approval may be obtained within 12 months of the approval of such amendment by the Board
or Committee.



    
    


(c)

 Modification or Cancellation of Awards
of this Plan
 the Committee may modify or amend an Award or waive any restrictions or conditions applicable to an Award (including
relating to the exercise
 vesting or payment thereof)
 and the Committee may modify the terms and conditions applicable to any
Award (including the terms of the Plan)
 and the Committee may cancel any Award
 provided that the Participant (or any other person
as may then have an interest in such Award as a result of the Participant&rsquo;s death or the transfer of an Award) must consent
in writing if any such action would adversely affect the rights of the Participant (or other interested party) under such Award.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Committee need not obtain Participant (or other interested party) consent for the amendment
modification or cancellation of an Award pursuant to the provisions of Section 14(a)
 or the amendment or modification of an Award
to the extent deemed necessary to comply with any applicable law
 the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange
or market on which the Shares are then traded
 or to preserve favorable accounting treatment of any Award for the Company.


(d)
. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the authority of the Committee to administer
this Plan and modify or amend an Award
 and the authority of the Board or Committee to amend this Plan
 shall extend beyond the
date of this Plan&rsquo;s termination. In addition
 termination of this Plan will not affect the rights of Participants with respect
to Awards previously granted to them
 and all unexpired Awards will continue in full force and effect after termination of this
Plan except as they may lapse or be terminated by their own terms and conditions.

(e)
. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary
 neither the Committee nor any other person
may decrease the exercise price of any Option or the grant price of any SAR nor take any action that would result in a deemed
decrease of the exercise price or grant price of an Option or SAR under Code Section 409A
 after the date of grant
 except in
accordance with Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) of the Treasury Regulations (26 C.F.R.)
 or in connection with a transaction which
is considered the grant of a new Option or SAR for purposes of Section 409A of the Code
 provided that the new exercise price
or grant price is not less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the new grant date.

(f)
. To assure the viability of Awards granted to Participants employed or residing in foreign countries
the Committee may provide for such special terms as it may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local
law
 tax policy or custom. Moreover
 the Committee may approve such supplements to
 or amendments
 restatements or alternative
versions of this Plan as it determines is necessary or appropriate for such purposes. Any such amendment
 restatement or alternative
versions that the Committee approves for purposes of using this Plan in a foreign country will not affect the terms of this Plan
for any other country.



    
    


13.


(a)
. In the event the Company or any Affiliate is required to withhold any foreign
 Federal
 state or local taxes
or other amounts in respect of any income recognized by a Participant as a result of the grant
 vesting
 payment or settlement
of an Award or disposition of any Shares acquired under an Award
 the Company may deduct (or require an Affiliate to deduct) from
any payments of any kind otherwise due the Participant cash
 or with the consent of the Committee
 Shares otherwise deliverable
or vesting under an Award
 to satisfy such tax obligations. Alternatively
 the Company may require such Participant to pay to
the Company
 in cash
 promptly on demand
 or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment to the
Company of the aggregate amount of any such taxes and other amounts required to be withheld. If Shares are deliverable upon exercise
or payment of an Award
 the Committee may permit a Participant to satisfy all or a portion of the foreign
 Federal
 state and
local withholding tax obligations arising in connection with such Award by electing to (a) have the Company withhold Shares otherwise
issuable under the Award
 (b) tender back Shares received in connection with such Award
 or (c) deliver other previously owned
Shares; provided that the amount to be withheld may not exceed the total minimum foreign
 federal
 state and local tax withholding
obligations associated with the transaction to the extent needed for the Company to avoid an accounting charge. If an election
is provided
 the election must be made on or before the date as of which the amount of tax to be withheld is determined and otherwise
as the Company requires. In any case
 the Company may defer making payment or delivery under any Award if any such tax may be
pending unless and until indemnified to its satisfaction.

(b)
. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan
 the Company does not guarantee to any Participant
or any other person with an interest in an Award that any Award intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A shall be so exempt
nor that any Award intended to comply with Code Section 409A shall so comply
 nor that any Award designated as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Code Section 422 qualifies as such
 and neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall indemnify
 defend
or hold harmless any individual with respect to the tax consequences of any such failure.

14.


(a)
. If (i) the Company shall at any time be involved in a merger or other transaction in which the Shares
are changed or exchanged; (ii) the Company shall subdivide or combine the Shares or the Company shall declare a dividend payable
in Shares
 other securities or other property; (iii) the Company shall effect a cash dividend the amount of which
 on a per Share
basis
 exceeds ten percent (10%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share at the time the dividend is declared
 or the Company shall
effect any other dividend or other distribution on the Shares in the form of cash
 or a repurchase of Shares
 that the Committee
determines by resolution is special or extraordinary in nature or that is in connection with a transaction that is a recapitalization
or reorganization involving the Shares; or (iv) any other event shall occur
 which
 in the case of this subsection (iv)
 in the
judgment of the Committee necessitates an adjustment to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits
intended to be made available under this Plan
 then
 in each case
 the Committee shall
 in such manner as it may deem equitable
adjust any or all of: (w) the number and type of Shares subject to this Plan (including the number and type of Shares that may
be issued pursuant to incentive stock options)
 (x) the number and type of Shares subject to outstanding Awards
 (y) the grant
purchase
 or exercise price with respect to any Award
 and (z) the performance goals established under any Award.



    
    


(i)
In any such case
 the Committee may also make provision for a cash payment
 in an amount determined by the Committee
 to the holder
of an outstanding Award in exchange for the cancellation of all or a portion of the Award (without the consent of the holder of
an Award)
 effective at such time as the Committee specifies (which may be the time such transaction or event is effective); provided
that any such adjustment to an Award that is exempt from Code Section 409A shall be made in a manner that permits the Award to
continue to be so exempt
 and any adjustment to an Award that is subject to Code Section 409A shall be made in a manner that complies
with the provisions thereof. However
 with respect to Awards of incentive stock options
 no such adjustment may be authorized
to the extent that such authority would cause this Plan to violate Code Section 422(b). Further
 the number of Shares subject
to any Award payable or denominated in Shares must always be a whole number.

(ii)
Without limitation
 in the event of any reorganization
 merger
 consolidation
 combination or other similar corporate transaction
or event
 whether or not constituting a Change of Control
 other than any such transaction in which the Company is the continuing
corporation and in which the outstanding Common Stock is not being converted into or exchanged for different securities
 cash
or other property
 or any combination thereof
 the Committee may provide that awards
 without limitation
 will be assumed by the
surviving corporation or its parent
 will have the vesting accelerated or will be cancelled with or without consideration
 in
all cases without the consent of the Participant.

(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the case of a stock dividend (other than a stock dividend declared in lieu of an ordinary cash
dividend) or subdivision or combination of the Shares (including a reverse stock split)
 adjustments contemplated by this subsection
that are proportionate shall nevertheless automatically be made as of the date of such stock dividend or subdivision or combination
of the Shares.

(b)
. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan
 and without affecting the number of Shares otherwise
reserved or available under this Plan
 in connection with any merger
 consolidation
 acquisition of property or stock
 or reorganization
the Committee may authorize the cancellation
 with or without consideration
 issuance
 assumption or acceleration of vesting of
awards upon such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate
 in all cases without the consent of the Participant.

(c)
. Upon a Change of Control
 the Committee may
 in its discretion
 determine that any or all outstanding
Awards held by Participants who are then in the employ or service of the Company or any Affiliate shall vest or be deemed to have
been earned in full
 and:

(i)
If the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) so agrees
 all outstanding Awards shall be assumed
 or replaced
with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions
 by the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) in
the Change of Control. If applicable
 each Award which is assumed by the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof)
shall be appropriately adjusted
 immediately after such Change of Control
 to apply to the number and class of securities which
would have been issuable to the Participant upon the consummation of such Change of Control had the Award been exercised or vested
immediately prior to such Change of Control
 and such other appropriate adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Award shall
be made.


    
    


(ii)
If the provisions of paragraph (i) do not apply
 then all outstanding Awards shall be cancelled as of the date of the Change of
Control and
 at the option of the Committee
 may be exchanged for a payment in cash and/or Shares (which may include shares or
other securities of any surviving or successor entity or the purchasing entity or any parent thereof) equal to:

(1)
In the case of an Option or SAR
 the excess of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of the Change of Control covered
by the vested portion of the Option or SAR that has not been exercised over the exercise or grant price of such Shares under the
Award;

(2)
In the case of Restricted Stock Units
 the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of the Change of Control multiplied by the
number of vested units
 unless otherwise provided in the Award agreement and subject to the repurchase right set forth in Section
15 hereof; and

(3)
In the case of a Performance Share Award
 the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of the Change of Control multiplied by
the number of earned Shares.

(d)


(i)
Except as may be set forth in a written agreement by and between the Company and the holder of an Award
 in the event that the
Company&rsquo;s auditors determine that any payment or transfer by the Company under the Plan to or for the benefit of a Participant
(a &ldquo;Payment&rdquo;) would be nondeductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of the provisions concerning
&ldquo;excess parachute payments&rdquo; in Code Section 280G
 then the aggregate present value of all Payments shall be reduced
(but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount (defined herein). For purposes of this Section 14(d)
 the &ldquo;Reduced Amount&rdquo;
shall be the amount
 expressed as a present value
 which maximizes the aggregate present value of the Payments without causing
any Payment to be nondeductible by the Company because of Code Section 280G.

(ii)
If the Company&rsquo;s auditors determine that any Payment would be nondeductible by the Company because of Code Section 280G
then the Company shall promptly give the Participant notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof and
of the Reduced Amount
 and the Participant may then elect
 in his or her sole discretion
 which and how much of the Payments shall
be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the Payments equals the Reduced Amount)
and shall advise the Company in writing of his or her election within ten (10) days of receipt of notice. If no such election
is made by the Participant within such ten (10) day period
 then the Company may elect which and how much of the Payments shall
be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the Payments equals the Reduced Amount)
and shall notify the Participant promptly of such election. For purposes of this Section 14(d)
 present value shall be determined
in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(4). All determinations made by the Company&rsquo;s auditors under this Section 14(d) shall
be binding upon the Company and the Participant and shall be made within sixty (60) days of the date when a Payment becomes payable
or transferable. As promptly as practicable following such determination and the elections hereunder
 the Company shall pay or
transfer to or for the benefit of the Participant such amounts as are then due to him or her under the Plan and shall promptly
pay or transfer to or for the benefit of the Participant in the future such amounts as become due to him or her under the Plan.


    
    


(iii)
Except to the extent such payment was made in connection with a Change of Control
 as a result of uncertainty in the application
of Code Section 280G at the time of an initial determination by the Company&rsquo;s auditors hereunder
 it is possible that Payments
will have been made by the Company that should not have been made (an &ldquo;Overpayment&rdquo;) or that additional Payments that
will not have been made by the Company could have been made (an &ldquo;Underpayment&rdquo;)
 consistent in each case with the
calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Company&rsquo;s auditors
 based upon the assertion of a deficiency
by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Participant that the auditors believe has a high probability of success
determine that an Overpayment has been made
 such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Participant which
he or she shall repay to the Company
 together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2);
provided
 however
 that no amount shall be payable by the Participant to the Company if and to the extent that such payment would
not reduce the amount subject to taxation under Code Section 4999. In the event that the auditors determine that an Underpayment
has occurred
 such Underpayment shall promptly be paid or transferred by the Company to or for the benefit of the Participant
together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Code Section 7872(f)(2).

(iv)
For purposes of this Section 14(d)
 the term &ldquo;Company&rdquo; shall include affiliated corporations to the extent determined
by the auditors in accordance with Code Section 280G(d)(5).

15.


(a)
. No Option shall be transferable by the Participant otherwise than by will or by the
laws of descent and distribution and all Options shall be exercisable
 during the Participant&rsquo;s lifetime
 only by the Participant
or by the Participant&rsquo;s legal representative or guardian in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s incapacity. The Participant
may elect to designate a beneficiary by providing written notice of the name of such beneficiary to the Company
 and may revoke
or change such designation at any time by filing written notice of revocation or change with the Company
 and any such beneficiary
may exercise the Participant&rsquo;s Option in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death to the extent provided herein. If the
Participant does not designate a beneficiary
 or if the designated beneficiary predeceases the Participant
 the legal representative
of the Participant may exercise the Option in the event of the Participant&rsquo;s death to the extent provided herein. Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 the Committee
 in its sole discretion
 may provide in the Award agreement regarding a given Option that the Participant
may transfer
 without consideration for the transfer
 his or her Options to members of his or her immediate family
 to trusts
for the benefit of such family members
 or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners
 provided that the
transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Option.


    
    


(b)
. No Issued Shares shall be sold
 assigned
 transferred
 pledged
 hypothecated
 given away or in any other
manner disposed of or encumbered
 whether voluntarily or by operation of law
 unless such transfer is in compliance with the terms
of the applicable Award
 all applicable securities laws (including
 without limitation
 the Securities Act and the Exchange Act)
and with the terms and conditions of this Section 15. In connection with any proposed transfer
 the Committee may require the
transferor to provide at the transferor&rsquo;s own expense an opinion of counsel to the transferor and the Company
 satisfactory
to the Committee
 that such transfer is in compliance with all foreign
 federal and state securities laws (including
 without
limitation
 the Securities Act). Any attempted disposition of Issued Shares not in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Section 15 shall be null and void
 and the Company shall not reflect on its records any change in record ownership of any
Issued Shares as a result of any such disposition
 shall otherwise refuse to recognize any such disposition and shall not in any
way give effect to any such disposition of Issued Shares.

(c)
. The Company may cause a legend or legends to be put on any certificates for shares to make appropriate references
to any applicable legal restrictions on transfer.

(d)
. If
 as a result of any reorganization
 recapitalization
 reclassification
stock dividend
 stock split
 reverse stock split or other similar change in the outstanding Shares of the Company
 the outstanding
Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 the
restrictions contained in this Section 15 shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities
 if any
 received
by Participant in exchange for
 or by virtue of his or her ownership of
 Issued Shares.

16.


(a)
. The grant of any Award under this Plan may also be subject to other provisions (whether or
not applicable to the Award awarded to any other Participant) as the Committee determines appropriate
 subject to any limitations
imposed in the Plan.


    
    


(b)
. The provisions of Code Section 409A are incorporated herein by reference to the extent necessary for
any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to comply therewith.

(c)
. The issuance of an Award shall not confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continued
employment or service with the Company or any Affiliate
 or the right to continue as a consultant or director. Unless determined
otherwise by the Committee
 for purposes of the Plan and all Awards
 the following rules shall apply:

(i)
a Participant who transfers employment between the Company and any Affiliate
 or between Affiliates
 will not be considered to
have terminated employment;

(ii)
a Participant who ceases to be a consultant
 advisor or non-employee director because he or she becomes an employee of the Company
or an Affiliate shall not be considered to have ceased service with respect to any Award until such Participant&rsquo;s termination
of employment with the Company and its Affiliates;

(iii)
a Participant who ceases to be employed by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company and immediately thereafter becomes a non-employee
director of the Company or any Affiliate
 or a consultant to the Company or any Affiliate
 shall not be considered to have terminated
employment until such Participant&rsquo;s service as a director of
 or consultant to
 the Company and its Affiliates has ceased;
and

(iv)
a Participant employed by an Affiliate will be considered to have terminated employment when such entity ceases to be an Affiliate
of the Company.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 with respect to an Award subject to Code Section 409A
 a Participant shall be considered to have terminated employment
(where termination of employment triggers payment of the Award) upon the date of his separation from service within the meaning
of Code Section 409A.

(d)
. No fractional Shares or other securities may be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan
 and the
Committee may determine whether cash
 other securities or other property will be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional
Shares or other securities
 or whether such fractional Shares or other securities or any rights to fractional Shares or other
securities will be canceled
 terminated or otherwise eliminated.

(e)
. This Plan is unfunded and does not create
 and should not be construed to create
 a trust or separate fund
with respect to this Plan&rsquo;s benefits. This Plan does not establish any fiduciary relationship between the Company and any
Participant. To the extent any person holds any rights by virtue of an Award granted under this Plan
 such rights are no greater
than the rights of the Company&rsquo;s general unsecured creditors.


    
    


(f)
. The granting of Awards under this Plan and the issuance of Shares in connection with an Award are
subject to all applicable laws
 rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities
exchanges as may be required. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan or any award agreement
 the Company has no liability
to deliver any Shares under this Plan or make any payment unless such delivery or payment would comply with all applicable laws
and the applicable requirements of any securities exchange or similar entity. In such event
 the Company may substitute cash for
any Share(s) otherwise deliverable hereunder without the consent of the Participant or any other person.

(g)
. This Plan
 and all agreements under this Plan
 shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the
laws of the State of Delaware
 without reference to any conflict of law principles. Any legal action or proceeding with respect
to this Plan
 any Award or any award agreement
 or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Plan
 any
Award or any award agreement
 may only be brought and determined in a court sitting in the State of California
 County of Los
Angeles.

(h)
. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Plan
 any Award or any Award agreement
 must
be brought within one year (365 days) after the day the complaining party first knew or should have known of the events giving
rise to the complaint.

(i)
. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine
 they shall be construed as though they were used in
the feminine in all cases where they would so apply; and wherever any words are used in the singular or plural
 they shall be
construed as though they were used in the plural or singular
 as the case may be
 in all cases where they would so apply. Titles
of sections are for general information only
 and the Plan is not to be construed with reference to such titles.

(j)
. If any provision of this Plan or any award agreement or any Award (i) is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid
illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
 or as to any person or Award
 or (ii) would disqualify this Plan
 any award agreement
or any Award
 then such provision should be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws
 or if it cannot be so construed
or deemed amended without
 in the determination of the Committee
 materially altering the intent of this Plan
 award agreement
or Award
 then such provision should be stricken as to such jurisdiction
 person or Award
 and the remainder of this Plan
 such
award agreement and such Award will remain in full force and effect.

[End
of Document]


    
    


C
E R T I F I C A T I O N

On
behalf of the Company
 the undersigned hereby certifies that this Barfresh Food Group Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan has been
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on April 27
 2015 and by the stockholders of the Company on May 8
 2015.



    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste

    
    
Riccardo Delle
    Coste

    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer/Director



    
    














     



EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made as of April 27
 2015
 by and between Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware
corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and Riccardo Delle Coste
 an individual (the &ldquo;Executive&rdquo;).




Company desires to employ Executive on the terms set forth in this Agreement; and


Executive desires to be employed by the Company on the terms set forth in this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration of the mutual benefits and obligations set forth in this agreement
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties agree as follows:



1.
TERM OF EMPLOYMENT/AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. 
 2015
(the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and continue until terminated as provided hereunder (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;). Executive and
the Company agree that Executives employment with the Company constitutes at-will employment.

2.
NATURE OF DUTIES. 
Executive shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as Chief Executive
Officer of its subsidiaries
 Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. (together with the Company
 the &ldquo;Group&rdquo;). In addition
during the Term
 Executive shall be nominated to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
 and Executive shall
serve and continue to serve
 if and when elected and re-elected
 as a member of the Board. Executive shall report to the Board
and shall have all the customary powers and duties associated with his positions. Executive shall be subject to the Company&rsquo;s
policies
 procedures and approval practices
 as generally in effect from time to time for all senior executives of the Company.
Executive shall perform his duties and responsibilities from any location Executive deems necessary.

Except
for sick leave
 reasonable vacations and excused leaves of absence
 Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time
and effort to the performance of his duties for the Group
 which he shall perform faithfully and to the best of his ability. However
nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from participating in the affairs of any governmental
 educational or other
charitable institution and serving as a member of the board of directors of a corporation
 except for a competitor of the Group
provided Executive notifies the Board prior to his participating in any such activities and as long as the Board does not determine
in the exercise of its reasonable judgment
 that any such activities interfere with or diminish Executive&rsquo;s obligations
under the Agreement. Unless otherwise in conflict with Company policy
 Executive shall be entitled to retain all fees and other
compensation derived from such activities
 in addition to the compensation and benefits payable to him under this Agreement.

3.
COMPENSATION AND RELATED MATTERS.

(a)
. During the Term
 Executive shall receive an annual base salary (&ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo;) at the rate of
$350
000
 subject to a minimum 5% annual increase. The term &ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo; as used in this Agreement shall mean
 at
any point in time
 Executive&rsquo;s annual base salary at such time. The Base Salary shall be payable in substantially equal
semi-monthly installments and shall in no way limit or reduce the obligations of the Company hereunder.


    
    


(b)
 In addition to the Base Salary
 Executive shall receive annual performance bonuses (collectively
the &ldquo;Performance Bonuses&rdquo;) as follows:

(i)
a bonus equal to 50% of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for that calendar year
 based on targets determined by the Board after consultation
with Executive no later than ninety (90) days after the start of the applicable fiscal year
 which amount will be paid no later
than March 15 of the following year; and

(ii)
a bonus equal to 25% of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for that calendar year
 based on targets determined by the Board after consultation
with Executive no later than ninety (90) days after the start of the applicable fiscal year
 which amount will be paid in three
(3) equal annual installments
 with the first installment due no later than March 15 of the following year and subsequent payments
being made on March 31 of the following applicable year.

For
purposes of this Section 3(b)
 if Executive and the Board fail to agree on performance targets within ninety (90) days after the
start of an applicable fiscal year
 the target proposal last submitted by Executive prior to the end of such ninety (90) day period
shall become effective for that fiscal year.

(c)
. In addition to Base Salary and Performance Bonuses
 Executive is eligible to receive incentive compensation
in the form of &ldquo;Performance Options&rdquo; in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (&ldquo;Plan&rdquo;)
and subject to the approval of the Board and applicable securities laws
 as set forth below:

(i)
On the Effective Date and each anniversary of the effective date
 Executive shall receive a grant of 250
000 Performance Options
(based on targets determined by the Board after consultation with Executive) at an exercise price equal to the closing bid price
on the date of the grant
 which will vest in equal increments on each of the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date
of grant; and

(ii)
On each anniversary of the Effective Date
 Executive shall receive an additional grant of 250
000 additional Performance Options
(based on targets determined by the Board after consultation with Executive no later than ninety (90) days after the start of
the fiscal year in which such grant occurs) at an exercise price equal to the closing bid price on the date of the grant
 which
will vest in equal increments on each of the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence
 if the performance targets for an applicable fiscal year have not been determined prior to an anniversary of the Effective
Date
 Executive will receive a grant of 250
000 options in lieu of the Performance Options for such year.

Performance
Options shall have a term of 8 years from the date of grant. For clarity and notwithstanding anything else provided in this Agreement
vesting of Performance Options that have been granted shall not accelerate other than upon a Change in Control (as defined below)
and upon a &ldquo;Discharge Other Than for Cause or Resignation for Good Reason&rdquo; as provided for in Section 4(c) below.
For all purposes in this Agreement
 &ldquo;Change in Control&rdquo; shall have the meaning set forth Plan
 except that for purposes
of this Agreement
 a Change in Control shall be defined by replacing the term &ldquo;Company&rdquo; in each place in which it
occurs in Sections 3(e)(i) and (ii) of the Plan with the phrase &ldquo;Company or Smoothie Inc.&rdquo;

(d)
. Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by him during
the Term (in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive
officers and subject to Section 8(d) below) in performing services hereunder
 provided that Executive properly accounts therefore
in accordance with Company policy.


    
    


(e)
. Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive benefits generally made available to the employees
of the Company (401(k)
 etc.) or as explicitly provided hereunder. Any other benefits must be agreed to in writing by the Board.

(f)
. Commencing 90 days after the Effective Date
 Executive shall be entitled to 20 days paid vacation in each calendar
year
 pro-rated for any partial year. As of the date of this Agreement
 Executive has accrued vacation days that shall not be
affected by this Agreement. Executive may only accrue up to an additional 20 days of paid vacation during the term of this Agreement.

(g)
. Executive shall receive an annual car allowance of $9
600 (with payments to Executive being made monthly).

(h)
. During and following the Term
 the Company shall fully indemnify Executive for any liability to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law. In addition
 the Company agrees to continue and maintain
 at the Company&rsquo;s sole expense
a directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance policy covering Executive both during and
 while potential liability
exists
 after the Term that is no less favorable than the policy covering active directors and senior officers of the Company
from time to time.

4.
TERMINATION. 

(a)
. The Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment at any time if it believes in good faith that
it has Cause to terminate his employment. As used herein
 &ldquo;Cause&rdquo; means (i) Executive&rsquo;s conviction in any court
of competent jurisdiction of an act of fraud or dishonesty
 the purpose or effect of which materially and adversely affects the
Group
 (ii) Executive&rsquo;s failure or refusal to attempt in good faith to perform his job duties under this Agreement (other
than by reason of physical or mental illness
 injury
 or condition); provided however
 in each instance Executive must be provided
notice from the Board of his failure to do so and an opportunity to cure such breach within 10 business days or such longer time
as prescribed in the written notice or reasonably required to cure any such breach
 and/or (iii) Executive becoming barred or
prohibited by any governmental or regulatory agency from holding his position with the Company or fulfilling his duties hereunder
or subjecting the Company to &ldquo;bad actor disqualification&rdquo; under Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act of 1933.

Upon
Executive&rsquo;s discharge for Cause
 the Company shall pay to Executive any unpaid and earned Base Salary
 any then vested and
unpaid Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination of employment and all of Executive&rsquo;s
unvested Performance Options shall terminate; provided
 however
 that in exchange for Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release
in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive shall have a period of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any vested
Performance Options and any other vested options
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

(b)
. Except as prohibited by applicable law and
 if required by applicable law
 subject to the Company
providing Executive with reasonable accommodations
 the Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment on account of Disability.
&ldquo;Disability&rdquo; means a physical or mental illness
 injury
 or condition that prevents Executive from performing substantially
all of his duties under this Agreement for at least 90 consecutive calendar days or for at least 180 calendar days
 whether or
not consecutive
 in any 365 calendar day period. If Company terminates Executive due to a Disability
 Company shall pay Executive
any unpaid earned Base Salary
 any then vested and unpaid Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued
prior to termination of employment and all of Executive&rsquo;s unvested Performance Options shall terminate; provided
 however
that in exchange for Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary shall
be continued for 3 months after the date of termination and all of Executive&rsquo;s vested Performance Options and any other
vested options shall be exercisable for a period of 90 days from the date of termination.


    
    


(c)
. The Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment at
any time for any reason
 and without advance notice. Additionally
 Executive may resign from employment for &ldquo;Good Reason&rdquo;
(as described below). If the Company discharges Executive other than for Cause or Executive resigns for Good Reason
 the Company
shall pay to Executive any unpaid earned Base Salary
 and unpaid and vested Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation
days accrued prior to termination of employment
 and all Executive shall retain ownership of all then vested Performance Options;

 however
 that in exchange for Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive
shall be entitled to the following special benefits: (A) a lump sum payment equal to 36 months of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary;
(B) a lump sum payment equal to the Performance Bonus Executive would have received in the year of his termination of employment
(determined based on actual performance through the date of termination and paid at the time the Performance Bonus would have
been paid under Section 3(b)); (C) a lump sum payment equal to the aggregate value of all then unvested tranches of any Performance
Bonus
 determined after fully accelerating all then unvested tranches
 (D) Executive&rsquo;s then outstanding unvested Performance
Options shall continue to vest (based on actual performance as of each vesting date)(except that all such options shall fully
vest if such termination is in connection with a Change in Control) and all his vested Performance Options and other vested options
shall become exercisable for a period of one year from the date of termination; (E) if such termination occurs prior to the grant
of the Performance Options that would have otherwise been granted in the year of such termination (the &ldquo;Make-whole Performance
Options&rdquo;)
 Executive shall receive a lump sum payment equal to the grant date value of the Make-whole Performance Options
and (F) subject to Executive timely electing COBRA
 the Company shall continue to contribute towards health insurance premiums
under the Company&rsquo;s group health plan on behalf of Executive and his covered dependents as of immediately prior to the date
of Executive&rsquo;s termination of employment in the same dollar amount as it contributed immediately prior to the date of Executive&rsquo;s
termination of employment (or
 if such contributions are prohibited or penalized under then-applicable law
 reimburse to Executive
upon submission of proof of payment by Executive
 an equivalent dollar amount) until the earlier of 18 months after the date of
Executive&rsquo;s termination of employment or such time as Executive becomes eligible for substantially similar benefits from
another employer. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
 in the event Executive is terminated without Cause
or Executive resigns for Good Reason during the one-year period immediately following a Change in Control
 the payments made pursuant
to Section 4(c)(B) and Section 4(c)(D) above shall be determined based on target performance instead of actual performance.

For
purposes of this Section 4(c)
 &ldquo;Good Reason&rdquo; shall mean any of the following: (i) a material diminution of Executive&rsquo;s
Base Salary
 (ii) a material diminution in Executive&rsquo;s authority
 duties or responsibilities
 and (iii) any material breach
of this Agreement by the Company. Additionally
 any resignation by Executive during the one-year period immediately following
a Change in Control shall be deemed to be a resignation for Good Reason. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
Executive cannot resign from employment with the Company on the basis of Good Reason unless Executive has provided written notice
to the Company of the circumstances providing grounds for resignation for Good Reason within 90 days of the initial existence
of such grounds (except where Good Reason is based on a Change in Control
 in which case Executive may provide notice at any time
during the one-year period immediately following such Change in Control) and the Company has had at least 30 days from the date
on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. Failure by Executive to provide written notice of Good Reason as
described above shall not constitute a waiver or preclude Executive from notifying the Company of any future event giving rise
to Good Reason
 including an event of a similar nature.


    
    


(d)
. Except as provided in Section 4(c) above
 Executive promises not to resign his employment
without giving the Company at least 60 days&rsquo; advance written notice. If Executive resigns without Good Reason
 the Company
may accept his resignation effective on the date set forth in his notice or the date of the Company&rsquo;s receipt of his notice.
Upon Executive&rsquo;s resignation without Good Reason
 the Company shall pay Executive any unpaid earned Base Salary
 and earned
and unpaid vested Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination of employment and

 however
 that in exchange for 60 days&rsquo;
advance written notice of Executive&rsquo;s resignation and Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section
4(g)
 Executive shall have a period of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any vested Performance Options and other
vested options
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

(e)
. If Executive dies
 the Company shall pay to Executive&rsquo;s estate any accrued unpaid Base Salary
 Performance
Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination of employment
 and
 in exchange for execution of
a release by Executive&rsquo;s estate in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive&rsquo;s vested Performance Options shall be exercisable
by the estate for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of termination.

(f)
. All disputes relating to this Agreement
 including disputes relating to this Section 4
 shall
be resolved by final and binding arbitration under Section 7. In the event of any dispute under this Section (4) or any other
provision of this Agreement
 the Company shall continue to make all payments
 and provide all benefits
 to Executive until the
dispute is finally resolved in accordance with Section 7 or
 if applicable
 if
the Executive is subject to a final adverse determination
 the Company may seek to recover any amounts paid to the Executive during
the period in which the Executive&rsquo;s conduct has been determined to be in violation of this Agreement. In the event that
the Company initiates any proceeding to terminate the Executive for &ldquo;cause&rdquo; hereunder
 the Executive shall be provided
with written notice of the grounds underlying the allegation of &ldquo;cause&rdquo; and a reasonable opportunity to appear with
counsel before the Board to contest such allegations.

(g)
. Executive will only receive the special benefits that are conditioned upon his execution of a general
release if Executive signs the release (which shall be in the form attached as Annex A) and he does not subsequently properly
revoke the release. Any payment conditioned upon Executive&rsquo;s execution of a general release shall be paid on the date that
is 60 days following Executive&rsquo;s termination of employment
 provided Executive timely executed the general release and does
not subsequently revoke it.

(h)
. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary
 no Performance Option is exercisable
after expiration of its 8-year term.

5.
CONFIDENTIALITY. 
 in exchange for his promises to use such information solely
for the Company&rsquo;s benefit
 the Company will provide Executive with Confidential Information concerning
 among other things
its business
 operations
 customers
 vendors
 owners
 investors
 and business partners. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo;
refers to information not generally known by others in the form in which it is used by the Company
 and which gives the Company
a competitive advantage over other companies which do not have access to this information
 including secret
 confidential
 or
proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates
 conveyed orally or reduced to a tangible
form in any medium
 including information concerning the operations
 future plans
 customers
 business models
 strategies
 and
business methods of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates
 as well as information about the Company&rsquo;s customers
clients and business partners and their respective operations and confidential information. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo;
does not include: (a) information that: (i) Executive knew prior to his employment with the Company or any predecessor company;
(ii) subsequently came into Executive&rsquo;s possession other than through his work for the Company or any predecessor company
and not as a result of a breach of any duty owed to the Company; or (iii) is generally known within the relevant industry; or
(b) any prior knowledge
 information or know-how which Executive legally obtained from a source other than the Company.


    
    


(a)
. Executive promises never to use or disclose any Confidential Information before it has become
generally known within the relevant industry through no fault of Executive. Notwithstanding this paragraph
 Executive may disclose
Confidential Information: (i) during his employment for the benefit of the Company; (ii) as required to do so by court order
subpoena
 or otherwise as required by law
 provided that upon receiving such order
 subpoena
 or request and prior to disclosure
to the extent permitted by law
 Executive shall provide written notice to the Company of such order
 subpoena
 or request and
of the content of any testimony or information to be disclosed and shall cooperate fully with the Company to lawfully resist disclosure
of the information; and (iii) to an attorney for the purpose of securing professional advice.

(b)
. Executive agrees that
 during his employment with the Company and for 12 months after his termination
for any reason (together
 the &ldquo;Restricted Period&rdquo;): (1) as to any client or business partner of the Company with whom
Executive had dealings or about whom Executive acquired Confidential Information during his employment
 Executive will not solicit
attempt to solicit
 assist others to solicit
 or accept any unsolicited request from the client or business partner to do business
with any person or entity other than the Company or its affiliates; and (2) Executive will not solicit
 attempt to solicit
 assist
others to solicit
 hire
 or assist others to hire for employment any person who at the time of Executive&rsquo;s termination of
employment is
 or within the 12 months preceding such termination was
 an officer
 manager
 employee
 or consultant of the Company.
Executive agrees that the restrictions set forth in this paragraph do not and will not prohibit him from engaging in his livelihood
and do not foreclose him his working with clients or business partners not identified in this paragraph.

(c)
. Executive agrees that
 during the Restricted Period
 he will not
 without
the prior written consent of the Company
 accept any employment; provide any services
 advice or information; or assist or engage
in any activity (whether as an employee
 consultant
 or in any other capacity
 whether paid or unpaid) with any business or other
entity in the business
 directly or indirectly
 for profit or not
 of developing
 distributing or marketing compounds or technologies
for the manufacture and distribution of smoothies
 or smoothie-like beverages in the United States or elsewhere.

(d)
. When Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company ends
 he will promptly deliver to the Company
or
 at its written instruction
 destroy
 all documents
 data
 drawings
 manuals
 letters
 notes
 reports
 electronic mail
 recordings
and copies of the same
 of or pertaining to it or any other Group member in his possession or control. Notwithstanding the foregoing
Executive may retain his personal effects
 files
 benefit information
 or other property to the extent such materials do not contain
any of the Company&rsquo;s Confidential Information. In addition
 during his employment with the Company or the Group and subsequently
Executive agrees to meet with Company personnel and
 based on knowledge or insights he gained during his employment with the Company
and the Group
 answer any question they may have related to the Company or the Group as reasonably requested.


    
    


(e)
. Intellectual property (including such things as all ideas
 concepts
 inventions
 plans
 developments
software
 data
 configurations
 materials (whether written or machine-readable)
 designs
 drawings
 illustrations
 and photographs
developed
 created
 conceived
 made
 or reduced to practice during Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company (except intellectual
property that has no relation to the Group or any Group customer that Executive developed
 etc.
 purely on his own time and at
his own expense)
 shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company
 and Executive does now assign all rights
 title
 and
interest in any such intellectual property to the Company.

(f)
. This Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement or Executive&rsquo;s employment
for any reason. Executive acknowledges that: (a) this section&rsquo;s terms are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company&rsquo;s
legitimate interests; (b) this section&rsquo;s restrictions will not prevent him from earning or seeking a livelihood; (c) this
section&rsquo;s restrictions shall apply wherever permitted by law; and (d) the violation of any of this section&rsquo;s terms
would irreparably harm the Company. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that
 if he violates any of the provisions of this section
the Company or any Group member shall be entitled to
 in addition to other remedies available to it
 to seek an injunction to
be issued by any court of competent jurisdiction restraining Executive from committing or continuing any such violation
 without
the need to prove the inadequacy of money damages or post any bond or for any other undertaking.

6.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST. 
 Executive agrees that while employed
by the Company he shall not
 acting alone or in conjunction with others
 directly or indirectly
 become involved in a conflict
of interest or
 upon discovery thereof
 allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover
 Executive agrees that he shall immediately
disclose to the Company any facts that might involve any reasonable possibility of a conflict of interest. It is agreed that any
direct or indirect interest
 connection with or benefit from any outside activities
 where such interest might in any way adversely
affect the Company
 involves a possible conflict of interest. Circumstances in which a conflict of interest on the part of Executive
might arise
 and which must be reported immediately by Executive to the Company
 include
 but are not limited to
 the following:

(a)
ownership of a material interest in any supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity with which the Company
does business;

(b)
acting in any capacity
 including director
 officer
 partner
 consultant
 employee
 distributor
 agent
 or the like for a supplier
contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity with which the Company does business;

(c)
accepting
 directly or indirectly
 payment
 service
 or loans from a supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity
with which the Company does business
 including
 but not limited to
 gifts
 trips
 entertainment
 or other favors of more than
a nominal value;

(d)
misuse of the Company&rsquo;s information or facilities to which Executive has access in a manner which will be detrimental to
the Company&rsquo;s interest
 such as utilization for Executive&rsquo;s own benefit of know-how
 inventions
 or information developed
through the Company&rsquo;s business activities;


    
    


(e)
disclosure or other misuse of Confidential Information of any kind obtained through Executive&rsquo;s connection with the Company;

(f)
appropriation by Executive or the diversion to others
 directly or indirectly
 of any business opportunity in which it is known
or could reasonably be anticipated that the Company would be interested; and

(g)
ownership
 directly or indirectly
 of a material interest in an enterprise in competition with the Company
 or acting as an owner
director
 principal
 officer
 partner
 consultant
 employee
 agent
 servant
 or otherwise of any enterprise which is in competition
with the Company.

7.
ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES. 
relief as set forth in Section 5(f)
 all disputes between the Company and Executive (&ldquo;Arbitratable Disputes&rdquo;)
 including
disputes under Section 3 and Section 4
 are to be resolved by final and binding arbitration in accordance with this Section 7.
This section shall remain in effect after the termination of this Agreement or Executive&rsquo;s employment.

(a)
. This arbitration agreement applies to
 among other things
 disputes concerning Executive&rsquo;s employment
with or termination from the Company and the validity
 interpretation
 enforceability or effect of this Agreement or alleged violations
of it.

(b)
. The arbitration shall take place under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (&ldquo;AAA&rdquo;)
in its office nearest to the location where Executive last worked for the Company and conducted in accordance with the AAA&rsquo;s
National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect before an experienced employment law arbitrator licensed
to practice law in that jurisdiction who has been selected in accordance with such rules. The arbitrator may not modify or change
this Agreement in any way except as expressly set forth herein. The arbitration shall be governed by the substantive law of Colorado
(excluding where it mandates the use of another jurisdiction&rsquo;s laws).

(c)
. Regardless of which party initiates the arbitration
 the Company shall pay that portion of the initial
filing fee that exceeds the filing fee for commencing an action in a state or federal court in Colorado
 after which each party
shall pay the fees of their attorneys
 the expenses of its witnesses
 and any other costs and expenses that the party incurs in
connection with the arbitration. All other costs of the arbitration
 including the fees of the arbitrator
 the cost of any record
or transcript of the arbitration
 administrative fees and other fees and costs shall be paid one-half by the Company and one-half
by Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if Executive prevails in any arbitration proceeding
 the Company shall reimburse
Executive for all fees
 expenses and other costs incurred by Executive in connection with the proceedings.

(d)


(e)
. Nothing in this Section 7 shall preclude any party to this agreement from seeking judicial enforcement
of an arbitrator&rsquo;s award. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator&rsquo;s award in any court having jurisdiction. In the
event that Executive is required to seek judicial enforcement of an arbitrator&rsquo;s award
 the Company shall reimburse Executive
for any fees
 expenses or costs associated with such action.

8.
TAXES; SECTION 409A. 

(a)
The Company shall withhold taxes from payments it makes pursuant to this Agreement as it reasonably determines to be required
by applicable law.


    
    


(b)
This Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986


 including the exceptions thereto
 and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
 payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and
in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded
from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be
excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A
 each installment payment provided under
this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this Agreement in connection with a termination
of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo; under Section
409A.

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
 if at the time of Executive&rsquo;s termination of employment
 he is a
&ldquo;specified employee&rdquo;
 determined in accordance with Section 409A
 any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement
that constitute &ldquo;nonqualified deferred compensation&rdquo; subject to Section 409A that are provided to Executive on account
of his separation from service shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of
&rdquo;). The
aggregate amount of any payments that would otherwise have been made during such six-month period shall be paid in a lump sum


 any remaining payments shall be paid without delay
in accordance with their original schedule. If Executive dies before the Specified Employee Payment Date
 any delayed payments
shall be paid to Executive&rsquo;s estate in a lump sum within 30 days of Executive&rsquo;s death.

(d)
To the extent required by Section 409A and without limiting any other requirement set forth in this Agreement
 each reimbursement
or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following: (i) the amount of expenses
eligible for reimbursement
 or in-kind benefits provided
 during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement
or in-kind benefits to be provided
 in any other calendar year; (ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to
Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii)
any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another
benefit.

9.
CODE SECTION 280G.

(a)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan
 arrangement or agreement to the contrary
 if any of the
payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to Executive or for Executive&rsquo;s benefit
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) within the meaning of
Code Section 280G and would
 but for this Section 9 be subject to the excise tax imposed under Code Section 4999 (or any successor
provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively
&rdquo;)
 then prior to making the Covered Payments
 a calculation
shall be made comparing (i) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to Executive of the Covered Payments after payment of the Excise
Tax to (ii) the Net Benefit to Executive if the Covered Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to
the Excise Tax. Only if the amount calculated under (i) above is less than the amount under (ii) above will the Covered Payments
be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that
amount
shall mean
the present value of the Covered Payments net of all federal
 state
 local
 foreign income
 employment and excise taxes.


    
    


(b)
To the extent the Covered Payments must be reduced pursuant to Section 9(a) above
 the Covered Payments shall be reduced in a
manner that maximizes Executive&rsquo;s economic position. In applying this principle
 the reduction shall be made in a manner
consistent with the requirements of Section 409A
 and where two economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction but payable
at different times
 such amounts shall be reduced on a pro rata basis but not below zero.

(c)
Any determination required under this Section 9 shall be made in writing in good faith by an independent accounting firm selected
&rdquo;)
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations to the Company and Executive as requested by the Company or Executive. The
Company and Executive shall provide the Accountants with such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request
in order to make a determination under this Section 9. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by
this Section 9
 the Accountants may rely on reasonable
 good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of
Code Sections 280G and 4999. The Accountants&rsquo; determinations shall be final and binding on the Company and Executive. The
Company shall be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred by the Accountants in connection with the calculations required
by this Section 9.

10.
AMENDMENT. 
 waived or discharged except by a written document signed by a
duly authorized Company officer and Executive. A waiver of any conditions or provisions of this Agreement in a given instance
shall not be deemed a waiver of such conditions or provisions at any other time in the future.

11.
NOTICES. 
 all communications
 including but not limited to notices
 consents
 request or
approvals
 required
 permitted
 or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and either delivered personally to an officer
of the addressee or mailed to those addresses provided on the signature page below
 by certified or registered mail
 postage prepaid
by facsimile transmission or electronic mail (with receipt confirmed) and shall be deemed given (i) when so delivered personally;
(ii) if mailed
 five (5) days after the time of mailing; or (iii) if faxed or sent by electronic mail
 twenty four (24) hours
after the confirmed transmission of the fax or electronic mail.

12.
CHOICE OF LAW. 
 interpretation
 construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of Colorado (excluding any that mandate the use of another jurisdiction&rsquo;s laws).

13.
SUCCESSORS. 
 and shall inure to the benefit of
 Executive and his estate
 but Executive
may not assign or pledge this Agreement or any rights arising under it
 except to the extent permitted under the terms of the
benefit plans in which he participates. The Company shall not assign this Agreement to any affiliate or to a successor to substantially
all the business unless such affiliate or successor agrees to enter into a written agreement acceptable to Executive providing
for the affiliate&rsquo;s or successor&rsquo;s assumption of obligations under this Agreement.

14.
VALIDITY. 
of any other provision of this Agreement
 which shall remain in full force and effect.

15.
COUNTERPARTS. 
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument.

16.
HEADINGS. 

17.
GENDER AND PLURALS. 
 the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter
 and the singular
number includes the plural and conversely.

18.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 
 express or implied
 with respect to the subject matter
of this Agreement are set forth in this Agreement. All prior written employment agreements between Executive and the Company are
declared null and void
 and have no further effect.

(Signatures
on following page)


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have executed this Agreement through their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective
Date set forth above.



    
    
    

    
    
    

BARFRESH FOODS
    GROUP INC.

    
    

a
                                         Delaware corporation
    
    




    
    
    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste

    
    
    
RICCARDO DELLE
    COSTE

    
    
    
    



    
    



ANNEX
A &ndash; General Release of Claims

GENERAL
RELEASE AGREEMENT

This
&rdquo;) is entered into by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware
&rdquo;)
 and Riccardo Delle Coste (&ldquo;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;) entered into on April
__
 2015
 whereby Executive is entitled to certain severance benefits from Company in exchange for executing this Agreement;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;)
pursuant to Section [INSERT SECTION] of the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS
the parties desire to settle all claims and issues arising out of or in any way related to the acts
 transactions or occurrences
between Executive and the Company to date;

WHEREFORE
in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants set forth below
 the parties agree as follows:

1.
. In consideration for executing this Agreement and in exchange for the promises
 covenants
 releases and
waivers herein
 provided that Executive has not revoked the Agreement as set forth below
 the Company will provide Executive with
the severance payments and/or benefits described in Section [INSERT SECTION] of the Employment Agreement. The severance payments
and/or benefits described in Section [INSERT SECTION] shall commence or be paid
 as applicable
 on the first payroll period following
the &ldquo;Release Effective Date&rdquo; (as defined below)
 and the first payment shall include all payments that would have
been made from the Termination Date. In addition
 Executive shall be reimbursed for (i) any remaining charges for Company expenses
on Executive&rsquo;s personal credit cards incurred prior to the Termination Date and (ii) any outstanding and unpaid business
expenses incurred by the Executive through the Termination Date
 in each case in accordance with Company policy. Executive understands
and agrees that the severance payments and/or benefits are in addition to anything of value to which Executive is otherwise entitled
from the Company if she does not execute this Agreement.

2.
. All payments and benefits provided to Executive pursuant to Paragraph 1 of this Agreement are subject to
any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition
 the parties hereby agree that it is their intention
that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as
&rdquo;)
 and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. In no event shall the timing of
the Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement
 directly or indirectly
 result in the Executive designating the calendar year
of payment
 and if a payment that is subject to execution of the Agreement could be made in more than one taxable year
 payment
shall be made in the later taxable year. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any
payments or benefits under this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
 under the Code
 federal
 state or local laws.


    
    


3.



    
In
                                         consideration for the consideration described above
 to which Executive is not otherwise
                                         entitled
 as a full and final settlement
 Executive
 for Executive and Executive&rsquo;s
                                         heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors and assigns
 hereby releases and forever
                                         discharges the Company
 its current and former parents
 direct or indirect equity holders
                                         subsidiaries
 affiliated or related entities and their respective officers and directors
&rdquo;) from all causes
                                         of action
 claims
 charges
 complaints
 liabilities
 obligations
 promises
 covenants
                                         agreements
 contracts
 suits
 judgments
 damages
 or demands
 in law or in equity of
                                         any nature whatsoever
 known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
 which Executive ever
                                         had or now has regarding any matter arising on or before the date of Executive&rsquo;s
                                         execution of this Agreement including those arising directly or indirectly out of or
                                         in any way connected with Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company
 including
 but
                                         not limited to
 claims relating to Executive&rsquo;s employment
 or termination thereof
                                         discrimination based upon race
 color
 age
 sex
 sexual orientation
 age
 marital status
                                         religion
 national origin
 handicap
 disability
 or any other protected category
 or
                                         retaliation
 any contracts (express or implied)
 any claim for or involving equitable
                                         relief or recovery of punitive
 compensatory
 or other damages or monies
 wages
 vacation
                                         pay
 employee fringe benefits
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 libel
 slander
 and any other tort.
                                         Executive understands and agrees that this Release includes any claim that could arise
                                         under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Age Discrimination in Employment
                                         Act of 1967; the Older Workers Benefit Act; the Civil Rights Act of 1866; the Equal Pay
                                         Act; the Pregnancy Discrimination Act; the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990; 42
                                         U.S.C. &sect; 1981; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Family and
                                         Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
                                         Notification Act of 1988; the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act
 the Employee
                                         Retirement Income Security Act
 the False Claims Act; the Corporate and Criminal Fraud
                                         Accountability Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1514A
 also known as the Sarbanes Oxley
                                         Act; any claim under the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act; the California Labor Code
                                         (including the California Private Attorney General Act)
 California Business &amp; Professions
                                         Code
 California Wage Orders
 City of Los Angeles Living Wage Ordinance; and any other
                                         federal
 state or local laws
 rules or regulations
 whether equal employment opportunity
                                         laws
 rules or regulations or otherwise
 or any right under any pension
 welfare
 or
                                         equity plans.


    


    
Executive
                                         acknowledges reading and understanding the meaning and effect of section 1542 of the
                                         California Civil Code which in its entirety states:


A
general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time
of executing the release
 which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the creditor.

Executive
waives and relinquishes any right or benefit that Executive may have under section 1542 of the California Civil Code and understands
that by signing this Release
 Executive is giving up claims that Executive may not presently know or suspect to exist.


    
Notwithstanding
                                         the broad scope of this release
 this release is not intended to bar (i) any claims that
                                         as a matter of law
 whether by statute or otherwise
 may not be waived
 such as claims
                                         for workers&rsquo; compensation benefits or unemployment insurance benefits
 (ii) any
                                         claims with respect to indemnification under the Company&rsquo;s by-laws
 charter or
                                         any other operative agreements or with respect to coverage arising under any D&amp;O
                                         policy in effect
 (iii) any claims by the Executive for any matter arising under this
                                         Agreement or (iv) any claims by the Executive in his capacity as a shareholder of the
                                         Company or with respect to any equity interest he may own or control in the Company.
                                         Nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with Executive&rsquo;s right to file

                                         however
 that Executive expressly releases and waives her right to recovery of any
                                         type in any administrative or court action
 whether local
 state or federal
 and whether
                                         brought by her or on her behalf
 related in any way to the matters released herein.



    
    



By
                                         signing 
                                         Agreement and accepting the consideration described in Paragraph 1
 Executive understands
                                         and acknowledges that Executive is waiving any right to sue the Releasees for any claims
                                         released by this Agreement.




The
                                         Company for itself and its current and former parents
 direct or indirect equity holders
                                         members
 subsidiaries
 affiliated or related entities and their respective members
 shareholders
                                         officers
 directors
 successors and assigns (collectively
&rdquo;)
                                         hereby release and forever discharge the Executive from all causes of action
 claims
                                         charges
 complaints
 liabilities
 obligations
 promises
 covenants
 agreements
 contracts
                                         suits
 judgments
 damages
 or demands
 in law or in equity of any nature whatsoever
                                         known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
 which the Company Releasors ever had or now
                                         have regarding any matter relating to Executive&rsquo;s employment with or equity interest
                                         in the Company arising on or before the date of Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement
                                         including
 but not limited to
 any claim for or involving equitable relief or recovery
                                         of punitive
 compensatory
 or other damages or monies
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 libel
                                         slander
 and any other tort; 
 
 the foregoing release by the
                                         Company Releasors is not intended to and does not bar any claims by the Company Releasors
                                         for any matters arising (i) under this Agreement or the Termination Agreement
 (ii) from
                                         events
 acts or omissions occurring after the parties&rsquo; execution of this Agreement;
                                         or (iii) from any acts of Executive involving criminal activity or fraud.


4.
. This Agreement does not constitute
an admission by the Company or Executive (or any Releasee or Company Releasor) of a violation of any federal
 state
 or local
law
 statute
 rule or regulation or any common law right.

5.
. By Executive&rsquo;s signature below
 Executive represents that: (i) Executive is not aware of any unpaid
wages
 vacation
 bonuses
 expense reimbursements or other amounts owed to Executive by the Company
 other than that specifically
provided for in this Agreement; and (ii) Executive has not filed any charge or claim or initiated any proceedings against any
of the Releasees in any forum or with any municipal
 state or federal agency charged with the enforcement of any law.

6.
. Except as provided by law
 Executive and the Company shall keep the existence and terms
of this Agreement confidential and shall not disclose to any third party
 except in the case of the Executive
 to the Executive&rsquo;s
immediate family
 tax and legal advisors and as required by law
 and except in the case of the Company
 in connection with the
Company&rsquo;s disclosure obligations to its tax
 accounting and legal advisors
 to any officer
 director
 manager or employee
with a business need to know
 and as required by law.


    
    


7.
. Executive covenants and agrees that he will not make any disparaging or derogatory comments
about the business or reputation of the Releasees
 except where the making of any truthful statements may be required by law or
is necessary to enforce his rights under this Agreement. The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not
 and the management
employees of the Company shall be instructed not to
 make any disparaging or derogatory comments concerning the Executive
 except
where the making of any truthful statements may be required by law or necessary to enforce its rights under this Agreement.

8.
. The construction
 interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Colorado
 without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Executive agrees to and hereby consents and waives any objection
to the exclusive jurisdiction of any and all state and federal courts located in the State of Colorado in connection with any
proceeding concerning this Agreement.

9.
. The paragraph headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof.

10.

the remainder of this Agreement will be considered severable
 shall not be affected and shall remain in full force and effect.
Specifically

 and shall not impair the enforceability of
the release language set forth in Paragraph 3.

11.
. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be binding on
 and inure to the benefit of
 Executive&rsquo;s
and the Company&rsquo;s respective successors
 heirs and/or assigns.

12.
. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company on the
subject matter herein and supersedes and cancels any prior written and oral agreements between Executive and the Company regarding
such subject matter
 except the surviving provisions of the Employment Agreement. No amendment of this Agreement or waiver of
any of its provisions shall be effective unless agreed to in writing by Executive and the Company. This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts
 which when taken together
 shall constitute an original agreement. Executed originals transmitted
by electronically as PDF files (or their equivalent) shall have the same force and effect as a signed original. Unless otherwise
defined herein
 capitalized terms have the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement.

13.
: Without detracting in any respect from any other provision of this Agreement
 Executive acknowledges and
agrees that:


    
this
                                         Agreement constitutes a knowing and voluntary waiver of all rights or claims Executive
                                         has or may have against Releasees as set forth herein
 including any claims under the
                                         Age Discrimination in Employment Act; and Executive has no physical or mental impairment
                                         of any kind that has interfered with Executive&rsquo;s ability to read and understand
                                         the meaning of this Agreement or its terms
 and that Executive is not acting under the
                                         influence of any medication or mind-altering chemical of any type in entering into this
                                         Agreement;


    


    
by
                                         entering into this Agreement
 Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise
                                         after the date of Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement
 including without limitation
                                         any rights or claims that Executive may have to secure enforcement of the terms and conditions
                                         of this Agreement;




    
    



    
the
                                         consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement is in addition to anything of
                                         value to which Executive is already entitled;




    
Executive
                                         is advised to consult with an attorney regarding this Agreement; and


    


    
Executive
                                         was informed that Executive had at least twenty-one (21) days in which to review and
                                         consider this Agreement
 and to consult with an attorney regarding the terms and effect
                                         of this Agreement.


14.
. Executive may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days from the date Executive signs this Agreement
in which case this Agreement shall be null and void and of no force or effect on either the Company or Executive. Any revocation
must be in writing and received by the undersigned by 5:00 p.m. on or before the seventh day after this Agreement is executed
by Executive. For purposes of this Agreement
)
day following the Termination Date
 so long as the Executive has not revoked this Agreement in a timely manner prior to such date.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    




    
Sincerely


    
    

    
Barfresh
    Food Group Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Name:
    
    

    
    
    


EXECUTIVE
EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES
 REPRESENTS
 AND WARRANTS THAT EXECUTIVE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY; THAT EXECUTIVE FULLY UNDERSTANDS
THE TERMS
 CONDITIONS
 AND SIGNIFICANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT; THAT THE COMPANY HAS ADVISED EXECUTIVE TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY
CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT; THAT EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BINDING LEGAL EFFECT; AND THAT EXECUTIVE HAS EXECUTED
THIS AGREEMENT FREELY
 KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY.

PLEASE
READ CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT HAS IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSEQUENCES.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    













     



EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made as of July 6
 2015
 by and between Smoothie Inc.
a Colorado corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and Joe Cugine
 an individual (the &ldquo;Executive&rdquo;). This Agreement
amends
 restates and supersedes in its entirety that certain Employment Agreement entered into by and between the parties dated
April 27
 2015 to correct certain clerical errors.




Company desires to employ Executive on the terms set forth in this Agreement; 


Executive desires to be employed by the Company on the terms set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS
the Company is the wholly owned operating subsidiary of Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;BRFH&rdquo;);

WHEREAS
Executive and the Company are parties to that certain Stock Award Agreement dated April 16
 2015 (&ldquo;Stock Award
Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which Executive was the recipient of an award of 1
000
000 shares of common stock of BRFH (&ldquo;BRFH
Shares&rdquo;) 

NOW
THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration of the mutual benefits and obligations set forth in this agreement
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties agree as follows:



1.
TERM OF EMPLOYMENT/AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. 
 2015
(the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and continue until terminated as provided hereunder (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;). Executive and
the Company agree that Executives employment with the Company constitutes at-will employment.

2.
NATURE OF DUTIES. 
Executive shall serve as the President of the Company. As such
 Executive shall
devote his full business time and effort to the performance of his duties for the Company
 which he shall perform faithfully and
to the best of his ability. Executive shall have all of the customary powers and duties associated with his position. Executive
shall be subject to the Company&rsquo;s policies
 procedures and approval practices
 as generally in effect from time to time
for all employees of the Company. Executive will report directly to the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer. Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 nothing contained herein shall preclude the Executive from: (a) serving on the boards of directors of other companies
or organizations with the approval of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld) or serving on the boards of directors of not-for-profit
companies or organizations without the approval of the Company; (b) investing in and managing passive investments; or (c) pursuing
his personal
 financial and legal affairs provided that such activity does not interfere with the performance of the Executive&rsquo;s
obligations under this Agreement.


    
    


3.
COMPENSATION AND RELATED MATTERS.

(a)
. During the Term
 Executive shall receive an annual base salary (&ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo;) at the rate of
$300
000
 subject to a 5% annual increase. The term &ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo; as used in this Agreement shall mean
 at any point
in time
 Executive&rsquo;s annual base salary at such time. The Base Salary shall be payable in substantially equal semi-monthly
installments and shall in no way limit or reduce the obligations of the Company hereunder.

(b)
. In addition to the Base Salary
 Executive shall receive annual performance bonuses (collectively
the &ldquo;Performance Bonuses&rdquo;) as follows:

(i)
a bonus equal to 50% of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for that calendar year
 based on targets determined by the board of directors
of the Company after consultation with Executive
 which amount will be paid no later than March 15 of the following year; and

(ii)
a bonus equal to 25% of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for that calendar year
 based on targets determined by the board of directors
of the Company after consultation with Executive
 which amount will be paid in three (3) equal annual installments
 with the first
installment due no later than March 15 of the following year and subsequent payments no later than March 31 of the following applicable
year.

(c)
. In addition to Base Salary and Performance Bonuses
 Executive is eligible to receive incentive
compensation in accordance with the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (&ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s parent company
 Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;BRFH&rdquo;) and subject to the approval of the board of directors of each of
the Company and BRFH and applicable securities laws
 as set forth below:

(i)
. Executive shall receive options (&ldquo;BRFH Options&rdquo;) to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock
of BRFH (&ldquo;BRFH Shares&rdquo;) at an exercise price of $0.50 per share
 subject to applicable securities laws and vesting
as follows: 50% of the Stock Option Grant shall vest on the second anniversary of the Effective Date and the remainder shall vest
on the third anniversary of the Effective Date. BRFH Options shall have a term of 8 years from the date of grant.

(ii)
. In addition to the BRFH Option
 Executive shall receive additional &ldquo;Performance Options&rdquo;
to purchase BRFH Shares on an annual basis
 as follows:


an
                                         option to purchase 250
000 BRFH Shares at an exercise price equal to the closing bid
                                         price on the date of the grant
 which will vest in equal increments on each of the first
                                         second and third anniversaries of the date of grant; and


an
                                         option to purchase up to 250
000 additional BRFH Shares (based on targets determined
                                         by the board of directors of the Company after consultation with Executive) at an exercise
                                         price equal to the closing bid price on the date of the grant
 with performance targets
                                         established within 90 days of the date of grant to allow incremental vesting on each
                                         of the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant.

Performance
Options shall have a term of 8 years from the date of grant.

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary
 all BRFH Shares
 BRFH Options and Performance Options shall vest immediately upon a
Change of Control of BRFH as defined in the Plan
 except that for purposes of this Agreement
 a Change of Control shall be defined
by replacing the term &ldquo;Company&rdquo; in each place in which it occurs in Sections 3(e)(i) and (ii) of the Plan with the
phrase &ldquo;Company or Smoothie
 Inc.&rdquo; or the resignation or termination of Riccardo Delle Coste as the Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of BRFH. For clarity and notwithstanding anything else provided in this Agreement
vesting of BRFH Shares
 BRFH Options and Performance Options that have been granted shall not accelerate other than upon a Change
of Control or &ldquo;Discharge Other Than for Cause&rdquo;
 subject to Section 4(c) below.


    
    


(a)
. Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by him during
the Term (in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive
officers) in performing services hereunder
 provided that Executive properly accounts therefore in accordance with Company policy.

(b)
. Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive benefits generally made available to the employees
of the Company (401(k)
 etc.) or as explicitly provided hereunder. Any other benefits must be agreed to in writing by the Chief
Executive Officer of BRFH.

(c)
. Commencing 90 days after the Effective Date
 Executive shall be entitled to 15 days paid vacation in each calendar
year
 pro-rated for any partial year. Executive may only accrue up to 15 days of paid vacation at any time.

4.
TERMINATION.

(a)
. The Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment at any time if it believes in good faith that
it has Cause to terminate his employment. As used herein
 &ldquo;Cause&rdquo; means (i) Executive&rsquo;s conviction in any court
of competent jurisdiction of an act of fraud or dishonesty
 the purpose or effect of which materially and adversely affects the
Group
 (ii) Executive&rsquo;s failure or refusal to attempt in good faith to perform his job duties under this Agreement or to
follow the reasonable directions of the Board (other than by reason of physical or mental illness
 injury
 or condition); provided
however
 in each instance Executive must be provided notice from the Board of his failure to do so and an opportunity to cure
such breach within 10 business days or such longer time as prescribed in the written notice or reasonably required to cure any
such breach
 and/or (iii) Executive becoming barred or prohibited by any governmental or regulatory agency from holding his position
with the Company or fulfilling his duties hereunder or subjecting the Company to &ldquo;bad actor disqualification&rdquo; under
Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act of 1933. Upon Executive&rsquo;s discharge for Cause
 the Company shall pay to Executive any
unpaid accrued Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days
 and all of Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Options
and Performance Options shall terminate; provided however
 in exchange for execution of a release by Executive
 Executive shall
have a period of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any vested BRFH Options and Performance Options.

(b)
. Except as prohibited by applicable law and
 if required by applicable law
 subject to the Company
providing Executive with reasonable accommodations
 the Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment on account of Disability.
&ldquo;Disability&rdquo; means a physical or mental illness
 injury
 or condition that prevents Executive from performing substantially
all of his duties under this Agreement for at least 30 consecutive calendar days or for at least 45 calendar days
 whether or
not consecutive
 in any 365 calendar day period. If Company terminates Executive due to a Disability
 Company shall pay Executive
any unpaid accrued Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days; provided however
 in exchange for
Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section 4(h)
 Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary shall be continued for
3 months after the date of termination and all of Executive&rsquo;s vested BRFH Options and vested Performance Options shall be
exercisable for a period of 90 days from the date of termination.


    
    


(c)
. The Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment at any time for any reason
 and
without advance notice. If the Company discharges Executive other than for Cause
 the Company shall pay to Executive any accrued
unpaid Base Salary Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days
 and Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Options and Performance
Options shall terminate; provided however
 in exchange for Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section
4(h)
 Executive shall be entitled to the following special benefits: (A) continuation of executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for a period
of 12 months after termination; (B) all of Executive&rsquo;s outstanding BRFH Options shall immediately vest and become exercisable
for a period of 90 days from the date of termination; (C) all of Executive&rsquo;s outstanding Performance Options shall immediately
vest and become exercisable and Executive shall have a period of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any of his Performance
Options
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan; and (D) all of the BRFH Shares shall vest and be issued to Executive.

(d)
. Executive promises not to resign his employment unless he has Good Reason to do
so
 and
 in any event
 not without giving the Company at least 60 days&rsquo; advance written notice. If Executive resigns &ldquo;other
than for Good Reason&rdquo;
 the Company may accept his resignation effective on the date set forth in his notice. Upon Executive&rsquo;s
resignation other than for Good Reason
 the Company shall pay Executive any accrued unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense
reimbursements and vacation days and Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Options and Performance Options shall terminate; provided however
in exchange for 60 days&rsquo; advance written notice of Executive&rsquo;s resignation and Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release
in accordance with Section 4(h)
 Executive shall be entitled to the following special benefits: Executive shall have a period
of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any vested BRFH Options and vested Performance Options.

(e)
. If Executive resigns for Good Reason
 his employment will end on his last date of work
 the
Company shall pay to Executive any accrued unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days and
Executive&rsquo;s vested and unvested BRFH Options and Performance Options shall terminate; provided however
 in exchange for
Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section 4(h)
 Executive shall be entitled to the following special
benefits: (A) all of Executive&rsquo;s outstanding BRFH Options shall immediately vest and become exercisable for a period of
90 days
 (B) Executive shall have a period of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any vested Performance Options
and (C) all of the BRFH Shares shall vest and be issued to Executive. &ldquo;Good Reason&rdquo; means the resignation or termination
of Riccardo Delle Coste as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of BRFH.

(f)
. If Executive dies
 the Company shall pay to Executive any accrued unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense
reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination of employment
 and
 in exchange for execution of a release by Executive&rsquo;s
estate in accordance with Section 4(h)
 Executive&rsquo;s vested BRFH Options and vested Performance Options shall be exercisable
for a period of 90 days from the date of termination by Executive&rsquo;s estate.

(g)
. All disputes relating to this Agreement
 including disputes relating to this Section 4
 shall
be resolved by final and binding arbitration under Section 7.

(h)
. Executive will only receive special benefits set forth in this Section 4 that are conditioned upon
his execution of a general release if Executive signs the form submitted by the Company (substantially in the Form attached hereto
as Annex A) within 21 days after his employment ends (or such other time frame set forth in the release) and he does not subsequently
properly revoke the release.


    
    


(i)
. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary
 no BRFH Option or Performance Option
is exercisable after expiration of its 8-year term.

5.
CONFIDENTIALITY. 
 in exchange for his promises to use such information solely
for the Company&rsquo;s benefit
 the Company will provide Executive with Confidential Information concerning
 among other things
its business
 operations
 customers
 vendors
 owners
 investors
 and business partners. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo;
refers to information not generally known by others in the form in which it is used by the Company
 and which gives the Company
a competitive advantage over other companies which do not have access to this information
 including secret
 confidential
 or
proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates
 conveyed orally or reduced to a tangible
form in any medium
 including information concerning the operations
 future plans
 customers
 business models
 strategies
 and
business methods of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates
 as well as information about the Company&rsquo;s customers
clients and business partners and their respective operations and confidential information. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo;
does not include: (a) information that: (i) Executive knew prior to his employment with the Company or any predecessor company;
(ii) subsequently came into Executive&rsquo;s possession other than through his work for the Company or any predecessor company
and not as a result of a breach of any duty owed to the Company; or (iii) is generally known within the relevant industry; or
(b) any prior knowledge
 information or know-how which Executive legally obtained from a source other than the Company.

(a)
. Executive promises never to use or disclose any Confidential Information before it has become
generally known within the relevant industry through no fault of Executive. Notwithstanding this paragraph
 Executive may disclose
Confidential Information: (i) during his employment for the benefit of the Company; (ii) as required to do so by court order
subpoena
 or otherwise as required by law
 provided that upon receiving such order
 subpoena
 or request and prior to disclosure
to the extent permitted by law Executive shall provide written notice to the Company of such order
 subpoena
 or request and of
the content of any testimony or information to be disclosed and shall cooperate fully with the Company to lawfully resist disclosure
of the information; and (iii) to an attorney for the purpose of securing professional advice.

(b)
. Executive agrees that
 during his employment with the Company and for 12 months after his termination
for any reason (together
 the &ldquo;Restricted Period&rdquo;): (1) as to any client or business partner of the Company with whom
Executive had dealings or about whom Executive acquired confidential information during his employment
 Executive will not solicit
attempt to solicit
 assist others to solicit
 or accept any unsolicited request from the client or business partner to do business
with any person or entity other than the Company or its affiliates; and (2) Executive will not solicit
 attempt to solicit
 assist
others to solicit
 hire
 or assist others to hire for employment any person who is
 or within the preceding 12 months was
 an
officer
 manager
 employee
 or consultant of the Company. Executive agrees that the restrictions set forth in this paragraph do
not and will not prohibit him from engaging in his livelihood and do not foreclose him working with clients or business partners
not identified in this paragraph.

(c)
. Executive agrees that
 during the Restricted Period
 he will not
 without
the prior written consent of the Company
 accept any employment; provide any services
 advice or information; or assist or engage
in any activity (whether as an employee
 consultant
 or in any other capacity
 whether paid or unpaid) with any business or other
entity in the business
 directly or indirectly
 for profit or not
 of developing
 with a majority of its revenue derived from
distributing or marketing compounds or technologies for the manufacture and distribution of smoothies
 or smoothie-like beverages
in the United States or elsewhere.


    
    


(d)
. When Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company ends
 he will promptly deliver to the Company
or
 at its written instruction
 destroy
 all documents
 data
 drawings
 manuals
 letters
 notes
 reports
 electronic mail
 recordings
and copies of the same
 of or pertaining to it or any other Group member in his possession or control. Notwithstanding the foregoing
Executive may retain his personal effects
 files
 benefit information
 or other property to the extent such materials do not contain
any of the Company&rsquo;s Confidential Information. In addition
 during his employment with the Company or the Group and subsequently
Executive agrees to meet with Company personnel and
 based on knowledge or insights he gained during his employment with the Company
and the Group
 answer any question they may have related to the Company or the Group as reasonably requested.

(e)
. Intellectual property (including such things as all ideas
 concepts
 inventions
 plans
 developments
software
 data
 configurations
 materials (whether written or machine-readable)
 designs
 drawings
 illustrations
 and photographs
that may be protectable
 in whole or in part
 under any patent
 copyright
 trademark
 trade secret
 or other intellectual property
law)
 developed
 created
 conceived
 made
 or reduced to practice during Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company (except
intellectual property that has no relation to the Group or any Group customer that Executive developed
 etc.
 purely on his own
time and at his own expense)
 shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company
 and Executive does now assign all rights
title
 and interest in any such intellectual property to the Company.

(f)
. This Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement or Executive&rsquo;s employment
for any reason. Executive acknowledges that: (a) this section&rsquo;s terms are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company&rsquo;s
legitimate interests; (b) this section&rsquo;s restrictions will not prevent him from earning or seeking a livelihood; (c) this
section&rsquo;s restrictions shall apply wherever permitted by law; and (d) the violation of any of this section&rsquo;s terms
would irreparably harm the Company. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that
 if he violates any of the provisions of this section
the Company or any Group member shall be entitled to
 in addition to other remedies available to it
 an injunction to be issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction restraining Executive from committing or continuing any such violation
 without the need
to prove the inadequacy of money damages or post any bond or for any other undertaking.

6.
CONFLICT OF INTEREST. 
 Executive agrees that while employed
by the Company he shall not
 acting alone or in conjunction with others
 directly or indirectly
 become involved in a conflict
of interest or
 upon discovery thereof
 allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover
 Executive agrees that he shall immediately
disclose to the Company any facts that might involve any reasonable possibility of a conflict of interest. It is agreed that any
direct or indirect interest
 connection with or benefit from any outside activities
 where such interest might in any way adversely
affect the Company
 involves a possible conflict of interest. Circumstances in which a conflict of interest on the part of Executive
might arise
 and which must be reported immediately by Executive to the Company
 include
 but are not limited to
 the following:

(a)
ownership of a material interest in any supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity with which the Company
does business;


    
    


(b)
acting in any capacity
 including director
 officer
 partner
 consultant
 employee
 distributor
 agent
 or the like for a supplier
contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity with which the Company does business;

(c)
accepting
 directly or indirectly
 payment
 service
 or loans from a supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity
with which the Company does business
 including
 but not limited to
 gifts
 trips
 entertainment
 or other favors of more than
a nominal value;

(d)
misuse of the Company&rsquo;s information or facilities to which Executive has access in a manner which will be detrimental to
the Company&rsquo;s interest
 such as utilization for Executive&rsquo;s own benefit of know-how
 inventions
 or information developed
through the Company&rsquo;s business activities;

(e)
disclosure or other misuse of Confidential Information of any kind obtained through Executive&rsquo;s connection with the Company;

(f)
appropriation by Executive or the diversion to others
 directly or indirectly
 of any business opportunity in which it is known
or could reasonably be anticipated that the Company would be interested; and

(g)
ownership
 directly or indirectly
 of a material interest in an enterprise in competition with the Company
 or acting as an owner
director
 principal
 officer
 partner
 consultant
 employee
 agent
 servant
 or otherwise of any enterprise which is in competition
with the Company.

7.
ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES. 
relief as set forth in Section 5(f)
 all disputes between the Company and Executive (&ldquo;Arbitratable Disputes&rdquo;)
 including
disputes under Section 3 and Section 4
 are to be resolved by final and binding arbitration in accordance with this Section 7.
This section shall remain in effect after the termination of this Agreement or Executive&rsquo;s employment.

(a)
. This arbitration agreement applies to
 among other things
 disputes concerning Executive&rsquo;s employment
with or termination from the Company; the validity
 interpretation
 enforceability or effect of this Agreement or alleged violations
of it; claims of discrimination under federal or state law; or other statutory or common law claims.

(b)
. The arbitration shall take place under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (&ldquo;AAA&rdquo;)
in its office nearest to the location where Executive last worked for the Company and conducted in accordance with the AAA&rsquo;s
National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect before an experienced employment law arbitrator licensed
to practice law in that jurisdiction who has been selected in accordance with such rules. The arbitrator may not modify or change
this Agreement in any way except as expressly set forth herein. The arbitration shall be governed by the substantive law of Colorado
(excluding where it mandates the use of another jurisdiction&rsquo;s laws).

(c)
. Regardless of which party initiates the arbitration
 the Company shall pay that portion of the initial
filing fee that exceeds the filing fee for commencing an action in a state or federal court in Colorado
 after which each party
shall pay the fees of their attorneys
 the expenses of its witnesses
 and any other costs and expenses that the party incurs in
connection with the arbitration. All other costs of the arbitration
 including the fees of the arbitrator
 the cost of any record
or transcript of the arbitration
 administrative fees and other fees and costs shall be paid one-half by the Company and one-half
by the Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the arbitrator may
 in his or her discretion
 award reasonable attorney&rsquo;s
fees (in addition to any other damages
 expenses or relief awarded) to the prevailing party.


    
    


(d)


(e)
. Nothing in this Section 7 shall preclude any party to this agreement from seeking judicial enforcement
of an arbitrator&rsquo;s award. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator&rsquo;s award in any court having jurisdiction.

8.
CODE SECTION 280G.

(a)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan
 arrangement or agreement to the contrary
 if any of the
payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to Executive or for Executive&rsquo;s benefit
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) within the meaning of
Code Section 280G and would
 but for this Section 8 be subject to the excise tax imposed under Code Section 4999 (or any successor
provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively
&rdquo;)
 then prior to making the Covered Payments
 a calculation
shall be made comparing (i) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to Executive of the Covered Payments after payment of the Excise
Tax to (ii) the Net Benefit to Executive if the Covered Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to
the Excise Tax. Only if the amount calculated under (i) above is less than the amount under (ii) above will the Covered Payments
be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that
amount
shall mean
the present value of the Covered Payments net of all federal
 state
 local
 foreign income
 employment and excise taxes.

(b)
To the extent the Covered Payments must be reduced pursuant to Section 8(a) above
 the Covered Payments shall be reduced in a
manner that maximizes Executive&rsquo;s economic position. In applying this principle
 the reduction shall be made in a manner
consistent with the requirements of Section 409A
 and where two economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction but payable
at different times
 such amounts shall be reduced on a pro rata basis but not below zero.

(c)
Any determination required under this Section 8 shall be made in writing in good faith by an independent accounting firm selected
&rdquo;)
which shall provide detailed supporting calculations to the Company and Executive as requested by the Company or Executive. The
Company and Executive shall provide the Accountants with such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request
in order to make a determination under this Section 8. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by
this Section 8
 the Accountants may rely on reasonable
 good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of
Code Sections 280G and 4999. The Accountants&rsquo; determinations shall be final and binding on the Company and Executive. The
Company shall be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred by the Accountants in connection with the calculations required
by this Section 8.

(d)
Notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan
 equity awards under Section 3(c) and any other payments payable to Executive under
this or any other Agreement upon or related to a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan
 and as modified herein) that are considered
to be &ldquo;excess parachute payments&rdquo; under Section 280G of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;)
will not be subject to the 280G &ldquo;cut-back&rdquo; provisions set forth in Section 14(d) of the Plan shall not apply to Executive.


    
    


9.
AMENDMENT. 
 waived or discharged except by a written document signed by a
duly authorized Company officer and Executive. A waiver of any conditions or provisions of this Agreement in a given instance
shall not be deemed a waiver of such conditions or provisions at any other time in the future.

10.
NOTICES. 
 all communications
 including but not limited to notices
 consents
 request or
approvals
 required
 permitted
 or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and either delivered personally to an officer
of the addressee or mailed to those addresses provided on the signature page below
 by certified or registered mail
 postage prepaid
by facsimile transmission or electronic mail (with receipt confirmed) and shall be deemed given (i) when so delivered personally;
(ii) if mailed
 five (5) days after the time of mailing; or (iii) if faxed or sent by electronic mail
 twenty four (24) hours
after the confirmed transmission of the fax or electronic mail.

11.
CHOICE OF LAW. 
 interpretation
 construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of Colorado (excluding any that mandate the use of another jurisdiction&rsquo;s laws).

12.
SUCCESSORS. 
 and shall inure to the benefit of
 Executive and his estate
 but Executive
may not assign or pledge this Agreement or any rights arising under it
 except to the extent permitted under the terms of the
benefit plans in which he participates. Without Executive&rsquo;s consent
 the Company may assign this Agreement to any affiliate
or to a successor to substantially all the business and assets of the Company.

13.
TAXES. 
required by applicable law.

14.
VALIDITY. 
of any other provision of this Agreement
 which shall remain in full force and effect.

15.
COUNTERPARTS. 
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument.

16.
HEADINGS. 

17.
GENDER AND PLURALS. 
 the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter
 and the singular
number includes the plural and conversely.

18.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 
 express or implied
 with respect to the subject matter
of this Agreement are set forth in this Agreement and the Stock Award Agreement. All other prior written or oral employment or
equity award agreements between Executive and the Company are declared null and void
 and have no further effect.

(Signatures
on following page)


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have executed this Agreement through their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective
Date set forth above.



    
    
    

    
    
    

SMOOTHIE
    INC.

    
&ldquo;EXECUTIVE&rdquo;
    

a
    Colorado corporation
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    
/s/
    Joe Cugine

    
Riccardo Delle
    Coste
    
    

    
Chief Executive
    Officer 
    
    



    
    


ANNEX
A &ndash; General Release of Claims

GENERAL
RELEASE AGREEMENT

This
&rdquo;) is entered into by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware
&rdquo;)
 and Joe Cugine (&ldquo;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;) entered into on April
__
 2015
 whereby Executive is entitled to certain severance benefits from Company in exchange for executing this Agreement;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;)
pursuant to Section [INSERT SECTION] of the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS
the parties desire to settle all claims and issues arising out of or in any way related to the acts
 transactions or occurrences
between Executive and the Company to date;

WHEREFORE
in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants set forth below
 the parties agree as follows:

1.
. In consideration for executing this Agreement and in exchange for the promises
 covenants
 releases and
waivers herein
 provided that Executive has not revoked the Agreement as set forth below
 the Company will provide Executive with
the severance payments and/or benefits described in Section [INSERT SECTION] of the Employment Agreement. The severance payments
and/or benefits described in Section [INSERT SECTION] shall commence or be paid
 as applicable
 on the first payroll period following
the &ldquo;Release Effective Date&rdquo; (as defined below)
 and the first payment shall include all payments that would have
been made from the Termination Date. In addition
 Executive shall be reimbursed for (i) any remaining charges for Company expenses
on Executive&rsquo;s personal credit cards incurred prior to the Termination Date and (ii) any outstanding and unpaid business
expenses incurred by the Executive through the Termination Date
 in each case in accordance with Company policy. Executive understands
and agrees that the severance payments and/or benefits are in addition to anything of value to which Executive is otherwise entitled
from the Company if she does not execute this Agreement.

2.
. All payments and benefits provided to Executive pursuant to Paragraph 1 of this Agreement are subject to
any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition
 the parties hereby agree that it is their intention
that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as
&rdquo;)
 and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. In no event shall the timing of
the Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement
 directly or indirectly
 result in the Executive designating the calendar year
of payment
 and if a payment that is subject to execution of the Agreement could be made in more than one taxable year
 payment
shall be made in the later taxable year. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any
payments or benefits under this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
 under the Code
 federal
 state or local laws.


    
    


3.




    
    
In
    consideration for the consideration described above
 to which Executive is not otherwise entitled
 as a full and final settlement
    Executive
 for Executive and Executive&rsquo;s heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors and assigns
 hereby releases and
    forever discharges the Company
 its current and former parents
 direct or indirect equity holders
 subsidiaries
 affiliated
&rdquo;)
    from all causes of action
 claims
 charges
 complaints
 liabilities
 obligations
 promises
 covenants
 agreements
 contracts
    suits
 judgments
 damages
 or demands
 in law or in equity of any nature whatsoever
 known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
    which Executive ever had or now has regarding any matter arising on or before the date of Executive&rsquo;s execution of this
    Agreement including those arising directly or indirectly out of or in any way connected with Executive&rsquo;s employment
    with the Company
 including
 but not limited to
 claims relating to Executive&rsquo;s employment
 or termination thereof
    discrimination based upon race
 color
 age
 sex
 sexual orientation
 age
 marital status
 religion
 national origin
 handicap
    disability
 or any other protected category
 or retaliation
 any contracts (express or implied)
 any claim for or involving
    equitable relief or recovery of punitive
 compensatory
 or other damages or monies
 wages
 vacation pay
 employee fringe benefits
    attorneys&rsquo; fees
 libel
 slander
 and any other tort. Executive understands and agrees that this Release includes any
    claim that could arise under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967;
    the Older Workers Benefit Act; the Civil Rights Act of 1866; the Equal Pay Act; the Pregnancy Discrimination Act; the Americans
    With Disabilities Act of 1990; 42 U.S.C. &sect; 1981; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Family and
    Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988; the
    Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
 the False Claims Act; the Corporate
    and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1514A
 also known as the Sarbanes Oxley Act; any claim under
    the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act; the California Labor Code (including the California Private Attorney General Act)
 California
    Business &amp; Professions Code
 California Wage Orders
 City of Los Angeles Living Wage Ordinance; and any other federal
    state or local laws
 rules or regulations
 whether equal employment opportunity laws
 rules or regulations or otherwise
 or
    any right under any pension
 welfare
 or equity plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    acknowledges reading and understanding the meaning and effect of section 1542 of the California Civil Code which in its entirety
    states:


A
general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time
of executing the release
 which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the creditor.



    
    
Executive
    waives and relinquishes any right or benefit that Executive may have under section 1542 of the California Civil Code and understands
    that by signing this Release
 Executive is giving up claims that Executive may not presently know or suspect to exist.



    
    




    
    
Notwithstanding
    the broad scope of this release
 this release is not intended to bar (i) any claims that
 as a matter of law
 whether by statute
    or otherwise
 may not be waived
 such as claims for workers&rsquo; compensation benefits or unemployment insurance benefits
    (ii) any claims with respect to indemnification under the Company&rsquo;s by-laws
 charter or any other operative agreements
    or with respect to coverage arising under any D&amp;O policy in effect
 (iii) any claims by the Executive for any matter arising
    under this Agreement or (iv) any claims by the Executive in his capacity as a shareholder of the Company or with respect to
    any equity interest he may own or control in the Company. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with Executive&rsquo;s

 however
 that Executive
    expressly releases and waives her right to recovery of any type in any administrative or court action
 whether local
 state
    or federal
 and whether brought by her or on her behalf
 related in any way to the matters released herein.

    
    
    

    
    
By
    signing this Agreement and accepting the consideration described in Paragraph 1
 Executive understands and acknowledges that
    Executive is waiving any right to sue the Releasees for any claims released by this Agreement.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company for itself and its current and former parents
 direct or indirect equity holders
 members
 subsidiaries
 affiliated
    or related entities and their respective members
 shareholders
 officers
 directors
 successors and assigns (collectively
&rdquo;) hereby release and forever discharge the Executive from all causes of action
    claims
 charges
 complaints
 liabilities
 obligations
 promises
 covenants
 agreements
 contracts
 suits
 judgments
 damages
    or demands
 in law or in equity of any nature whatsoever
 known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
 which the Company Releasors
    ever had or now have regarding any matter relating to Executive&rsquo;s employment with or equity interest in the Company
    arising on or before the date of Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement including
 but not limited to
 any claim for
    or involving equitable relief or recovery of punitive
 compensatory
 or other damages or monies
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 libel
    slander
 and any other tort; 
 
 the foregoing release by the Company Releasors is not intended
    to and does not bar any claims by the Company Releasors for any matters arising (i) under this Agreement or the Termination
    Agreement
 (ii) from events
 acts or omissions occurring after the parties&rsquo; execution of this Agreement; or (iii) from
    any acts of Executive involving criminal activity or fraud.


4.
. This Agreement does not constitute an admission by the Company or Executive (or any Releasee or Company
Releasor) of a violation of any federal
 state
 or local law
 statute
 rule or regulation or any common law right.

5.
. By Executive&rsquo;s signature below
 Executive represents that: (i) Executive is not aware of any unpaid
wages
 vacation
 bonuses
 expense reimbursements or other amounts owed to Executive by the Company
 other than that specifically
provided for in this Agreement; and (ii) Executive has not filed any charge or claim or initiated any proceedings against any
of the Releasees in any forum or with any municipal
 state or federal agency charged with the enforcement of any law.

6.
. Except as provided by law
 Executive and the Company shall keep the existence and terms
of this Agreement confidential and shall not disclose to any third party
 except in the case of the Executive
 to the Executive&rsquo;s
immediate family
 tax and legal advisors and as required by law
 and except in the case of the Company
 in connection with the
Company&rsquo;s disclosure obligations to its tax
 accounting and legal advisors
 to any officer
 director
 manager or employee
with a business need to know
 and as required by law.


    
    


7.
. Executive covenants and agrees that he will not make any disparaging or derogatory comments
about the business or reputation of the Releasees
 except where the making of any truthful statements may be required by law or
is necessary to enforce his rights under this Agreement. The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not
 and the management
employees of the Company shall be instructed not to
 make any disparaging or derogatory comments concerning the Executive
 except
where the making of any truthful statements may be required by law or necessary to enforce its rights under this Agreement.

8.
. The construction
 interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of Colorado
 without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Executive agrees to and hereby consents and waives any objection
to the exclusive jurisdiction of any and all state and federal courts located in the State of Colorado in connection with any
proceeding concerning this Agreement.

9.
. The paragraph headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter
or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof.

10.
. If any provision or portion thereof contained in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable
 the
remainder of this Agreement will be considered severable
 shall not be affected and shall remain in full force and effect. Specifically
the invalidity of any such provision shall have no effect upon
 and shall not impair the enforceability of the release language
set forth in Paragraph 3.

11.
. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be binding on
 and inure to the benefit of
 Executive&rsquo;s
and the Company&rsquo;s respective successors
 heirs and/or assigns.

12.
. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company on the
subject matter herein and supersedes and cancels any prior written and oral agreements between Executive and the Company regarding
such subject matter
 except the surviving provisions of the Employment Agreement. No amendment of this Agreement or waiver of
any of its provisions shall be effective unless agreed to in writing by Executive and the Company. This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts
 which when taken together
 shall constitute an original agreement. Executed originals transmitted
by electronically as PDF files (or their equivalent) shall have the same force and effect as a signed original. Unless otherwise
defined herein
 capitalized terms have the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement.

13.
: Without detracting in any respect from any other provision of this Agreement
 Executive acknowledges and
agrees that:



    
    
this
    Agreement constitutes a knowing and voluntary waiver of all rights or claims Executive has or may have against Releasees as
    set forth herein
 including any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act; and Executive has no physical or mental
    impairment of any kind that has interfered with Executive&rsquo;s ability to read and understand the meaning of this Agreement
    or its terms
 and that Executive is not acting under the influence of any medication or mind-altering chemical of any type
    in entering into this Agreement;

    
    
    

    
    
by
    entering into this Agreement
 Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date of Executive&rsquo;s
    execution of this Agreement
 including without limitation any rights or claims that Executive may have to secure enforcement
    of the terms and conditions of this Agreement;



    
    




    
    
the
    consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive is already
    entitled;

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    is advised to consult with an attorney regarding this Agreement; and

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    was informed that Executive had at least twenty-one (21) days in which to review and consider this Agreement
 and to consult
    with an attorney regarding the terms and effect of this Agreement.


14.
. Executive may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days from the date Executive signs this Agreement
in which case this Agreement shall be null and void and of no force or effect on either the Company or Executive. Any revocation
must be in writing and received by the undersigned by 5:00 p.m. on or before the seventh day after this Agreement is executed
by Executive. For purposes of this Agreement
)
day following the Termination Date
 so long as the Executive has not revoked this Agreement in a timely manner prior to such date.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    




    
Sincerely


    
    

    
Barfresh
    Food Group Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


EXECUTIVE
EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES
 REPRESENTS
 AND WARRANTS THAT EXECUTIVE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY; THAT EXECUTIVE FULLY UNDERSTANDS
THE TERMS
 CONDITIONS
 AND SIGNIFICANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT; THAT THE COMPANY HAS ADVISED EXECUTIVE TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY
CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT; THAT EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BINDING LEGAL EFFECT; AND THAT EXECUTIVE HAS EXECUTED
THIS AGREEMENT FREELY
 KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY.

PLEASE
READ CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT HAS IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSEQUENCES.



    
    

Joe
    Cugine
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    














     



EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made as of May 18
 2015
 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware
corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and Joseph S. Tesoriero
 an individual (the &ldquo;Executive&rdquo;).




Company desires to employ Executive on the terms set forth in this Agreement; and


Executive desires to be employed by the Company on the terms set forth in this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE
 for good and valuable consideration of the mutual benefits and obligations set forth in this agreement
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties agree as follows:



1.
&#9;&#9;TERM OF EMPLOYMENT/AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. 
2015 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and continue until terminated as provided hereunder (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;). Executive
and the Company agree that Executives employment with the Company constitutes at-will employment.

2.
&#9;NATURE OF DUTIES. 
Executive shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Executive&rsquo;s
duties shall be performed at the Company&rsquo;s headquarters located in Beverly Hills
 California. As such
 Executive shall devote
his full business time and effort to the performance of his duties for the Company
 which he shall perform faithfully and to the
best of his ability. Executive shall have all of the customary powers and duties associated with his position. Executive shall
be subject to the Company&rsquo;s policies
 procedures and approval practices
 as generally in effect from time to time for all
employees of the Company. Executive will report to the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer.

3.
&#9; COMPENSATION AND RELATED MATTERS.

(a)
. During the Term
 Executive shall receive an annual base salary (&ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo;) at the rate
of $250
000
 subject to a 5% annual increase. The term &ldquo;Base Salary&rdquo; as used in this Agreement shall mean
 at any
point in time
 Executive&rsquo;s annual base salary at such time. The Base Salary shall be payable in substantially equal semi-monthly
installments and shall in no way limit or reduce the obligations of the Company hereunder.

(b)
. In addition to the Base Salary
 Executive shall receive (i) a bonus equal to 50% of Executive&rsquo;s
Base Salary for that calendar year
 based on targets determined by the board of directors of the Company
 which amount will be
paid no later than March 15 of the following year; and (ii) a bonus equal to 25% of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for that calendar
year
 based on targets determined by the board of directors of the Company
 which amount will be paid in three (3) equal annual
installments commencing March 15 of the following year ((i) and (ii) collectively &ldquo;Performance Bonuses&rdquo;). Performance
targets for the 2015 calendar year shall be established within 90 days of the Effective Date; performance targets for subsequent
years shall be established by March 31
 2015 of each subsequent year.


    
    


(c)
. In addition to Base Salary and Performance Bonuses
 Executive is eligible to receive incentive
compensation in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (&ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) and the following specific
awards shall be granted on the Effective Date:

(i)
. On the Effective Date
 the Company shall issue to Executive 350
000 shares of unregistered
common stock of the Company
 which shall vest (become non-forfeitable) as to 50% of the award on the second anniversary of the
Effective Date
 and as to the remaining 50% of the award on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the &ldquo;BRFH Shares&rdquo;).

(ii)
. On the Effective Date
 Executive shall receive an option to purchase 500
000 BRFH Shares at an
exercise price (&ldquo;BRFH Options&rdquo;) at an exercise price based on the closing price of the common stock on the Effective
Date
 vesting as follows: 250
000 BRFH Options shall vest on each of the second and third anniversaries of the Effective Date
during Executive&rsquo;s continued employment by the Company pursuant to this Agreement. BRFH Options shall have a term of 8 years
from the date of grant.

(iii)
. &#9;In addition to the BRFH Shares and BRFH Options
 Executive shall receive additional &ldquo;Performance
Options&rdquo; to purchase BRFH Shares on an annual basis on the anniversary of the Effective Date
 as follows:



    
    
an
    option to purchase 175
000 BRFH Shares at an exercise price equal to the closing bid price on the date of the grant
 which
    will vest in equal increments on each of the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant; and 

    
    
    

    
    
an
    option to purchase up to 175
000 additional BRFH Shares at an exercise price equal to the closing bid price on the date of
    the grant
 the actual number of options available for exercise will be determined based on targets reasonably determined by
    the board of directors of the Company (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;)
 with performance targets established within 90 days of the
    date of grant to allow incremental vesting on each of the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant.


Performance
Options shall have a term of 8 years from the date of grant.

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary
 all BRFH Shares
 BRFH Options and Performance Options that have been granted shall
vest immediately upon a Change of Control
 as defined in the Plan. For clarity and notwithstanding anything else provided in this
Agreement
 vesting of BRFH Shares
 BRFH Options and Performance Options that have been granted shall not accelerate other than
upon a Change of Control
 as defined in the Plan
 and &ldquo;Discharge Other Than for Cause&rdquo; subject to Section 4(c) below.

(d)
. Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by him during
the Term (in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its senior executive
officers) in performing services hereunder
 provided that Executive properly accounts therefore in accordance with Company policy.

(e)
. Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive benefits generally made available to the employees
of the Company (401(k)
 etc.) or as explicitly provided hereunder. Any other benefits must be agreed to in writing by the Chief
Executive Officer of BRFH.


    
    


(f)
. Commencing 90 days after the Effective Date
 Executive shall be entitled to 15 days paid vacation in each
calendar year
 pro-rated for any partial year. Executive may only accrue up to 26 days of paid vacation at any time.

4.
&#9;TERMINATION. 

(a)
. The Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment at any time if it believes in good faith
that it has Cause to terminate his employment. As used herein
 &ldquo;Cause&rdquo; means (i) Executive&rsquo;s conviction in any
court of competent jurisdiction of an act of fraud or dishonesty
 the purpose or effect of which materially and adversely affects
the Group
 (ii) Executive&rsquo;s failure or refusal to attempt in good faith to perform his job duties under this Agreement or
to follow the reasonable directions of the Board (other than by reason of physical or mental illness
 injury
 or condition); provided
however
 in each instance Executive must be provided notice from the Board of his failure to do so and an opportunity to cure
such breach within 10 business days or such longer time as prescribed in the written notice or reasonably required to cure any
such breach
 and/or (iii) Executive becoming barred or prohibited by any governmental or regulatory agency from holding his position
with the Company or fulfilling his duties hereunder or subjecting the Company to &ldquo;bad actor disqualification&rdquo; under
Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act of 1933. Upon Executive&rsquo;s discharge for Cause
 the Company shall pay to Executive any
unpaid accrued Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days
 and all of Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Options
and Performance Options shall terminate; provided however
 in exchange for execution of a release by Executive
 Executive shall
have a period of 90 days from the date of termination to exercise any vested BRFH Options and Performance Options.

(b)
. Except as prohibited by applicable law and
 if required by applicable law
 subject to the
Company providing Executive with reasonable accommodations
 the Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment on account
of Disability. &ldquo;Disability&rdquo; means a physical or mental illness
 injury
 or condition that prevents Executive from
performing substantially all of his duties under this Agreement for at least 30 consecutive calendar days or for at least 45 calendar
days
 whether or not consecutive
 in any 365 calendar day period. If Company terminates Executive due to a Disability
 Company
shall pay Executive any unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination
of employment; provided however
 in exchange for Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive&rsquo;s
Base Salary shall be continued for 3 months after the date of termination and all of Executive&rsquo;s vested BRFH Options and
vested Performance Options shall be exercisable for a period of 90 days from the date of termination.

(c)
. The Company may terminate Executive&rsquo;s employment at any time for any reason
and without advance notice. If the Company discharges Executive other than for Cause
 the Company shall pay to Executive any accrued
unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination of employment
and Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Options and Performance Options shall terminate; provided however
 in exchange for Executive&rsquo;s
execution of a release in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive shall be entitled to the following special benefits: (A) continuation
of executive&rsquo;s Base Salary for a period of 6 months after termination; (B) all of Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Shares shall immediately
vest; (C) all of Executive&rsquo;s outstanding BRFH Options shall immediately vest and become exercisable for a period of 90 date
from the date of termination; and (D) all of Executive&rsquo;s outstanding Performance Options shall immediately vest and become
exercisable for a period of 90 date from the date of termination.


    
    


(d)
. Executive promises not to resign his employment without giving the Company at least 60 days&rsquo; advance
written notice. If Executive resigns
 for no reason or for any reason
 the Company may accept his resignation effective on the
date set forth in his notice or the date of the Company&rsquo;s receipt of his notice. Upon Executive&rsquo;s resignation
 the
Company shall pay Executive any unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior
to termination of employment. Executive&rsquo;s BRFH Options and Performance Options shall terminate; provided however
 in exchange
for 60 days&rsquo; advance written notice of Executive&rsquo;s resignation and Executive&rsquo;s execution of a release in accordance
with Section 4(g)
 Executive shall be entitled to the following special benefits: Executive shall have a period of 90 days from
the date of termination to exercise any vested BRFH Options and vested Performance Options
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

(e)
. If Executive dies
 the Company shall pay to Executive any accrued unpaid Base Salary
 Performance Bonuses
 expense
reimbursements and vacation days accrued prior to termination of employment
 and
 in exchange for execution of a release by Executive&rsquo;s
estate in accordance with Section 4(g)
 Executive&rsquo;s vested BRFH Options and vested Performance Options shall be exercisable
for a period of 90 days from the date of termination by Executive&rsquo;s estate.

(f)
. All disputes relating to this Agreement
 including disputes relating to this Section 4
shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration under Section 7.

(g)
. Executive will only receive special benefits set forth in this Section 4 that are conditioned
upon his execution of a general release if Executive signs the form submitted by the Company (substantially in the Form attached
hereto as Annex A) within 21 days after his employment ends (or such other time frame set forth in the release) and he does not
subsequently properly revoke the release.

(h)
. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary
 no BRFH Option or Performance Option
is exercisable after expiration of its 8-year term.

5.
&#9;CONFIDENTIALITY. 
 in exchange for his promises to use such information
solely for the Company&rsquo;s benefit
 the Company will provide Executive with Confidential Information concerning
 among other
things
 its business
 operations
 customers
 vendors
 owners
 investors
 and business partners. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo;
refers to information not generally known by others in the form in which it is used by the Company
 and which gives the Company
a competitive advantage over other companies which do not have access to this information
 including secret
 confidential
 or
proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates
 conveyed orally or reduced to a tangible
form in any medium
 including information concerning the operations
 future plans
 customers
 business models
 strategies
 and
business methods of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates
 as well as information about the Company&rsquo;s customers
clients and business partners and their respective operations and confidential information. &ldquo;Confidential Information&rdquo;
does not include: (a) information that: (i) Executive knew prior to his employment with the Company or any predecessor company;
(ii) subsequently came into Executive&rsquo;s possession other than through his work for the Company or any predecessor company
and not as a result of a breach of any duty owed to the Company; or (iii) is generally known within the relevant industry; or
(b) any prior knowledge
 information or know-how which Executive legally obtained from a source other than the Company.

(a)
. Executive promises never to use or disclose any Confidential Information before it has become
generally known within the relevant industry through no fault of Executive. Notwithstanding this paragraph
 Executive may disclose
Confidential Information: (i) during his employment for the benefit of the Company; (ii) as required to do so by court order
subpoena
 or otherwise as required by law
 provided that upon receiving such order
 subpoena
 or request and prior to disclosure
to the extent permitted by law Executive shall provide written notice to the Company of such order
 subpoena
 or request and of
the content of any testimony or information to be disclosed and shall cooperate fully with the Company to lawfully resist disclosure
of the information; and (iii) to an attorney for the purpose of securing professional advice.


    
    


(b)
. Executive agrees that
 during his employment with the Company and for 12 months after her termination
for any reason (together
 the &ldquo;Restricted Period&rdquo;): (1) Executive will not
 on Executive&rsquo;s own behalf or on
behalf of any other person
 firm
 or corporation
 call on any of the customers or business partners of the Group
 for the purpose
of soliciting or providing to any of the customers or business partners smoothies or smoothie-like beverages
 and the Executive
will not
 in any way
 directly or indirectly
 on Executive&rsquo;s own behalf
 or on behalf of any other person
 firm
 or corporation
solicit
 divert
 or take away any customer or business partner of the Group; and (2) Executive will not solicit
 attempt to solicit
assist others to solicit
 hire or assist others to hire for employment any person who is
 or within the preceding 6 months was
an officer
 manager
 employee or consultant of the Company. Executive agrees that the restrictions set forth in this paragraph
do not and will not prohibit him from engaging in his livelihood and do not foreclose him working with customers or business partners
not identified in this paragraph. Executive further agrees that he will not furnish to or for the benefit of any competitor of
the Group
 the name of any person who is employed by the Group.

(c)
. Executive agrees and covenants that because of the confidential and sensitive
nature of the Confidential Information and because the use of the Confidential Information in certain circumstances may cause
irrevocable damage to the Group
 Executive will not
 during Restricted Period
 engage
 directly or indirectly
 in any business
enterprise
 or employment that is directly competitive with the Group&rsquo;s business of developing
 distributing or marketing
compounds or technologies for the manufacture and distribution of smoothies
 or smoothie-like beverages
 in the United States
or elsewhere.

(d)
. When Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company ends
 he will promptly deliver to the Company
or
 at its written instruction
 destroy
 all documents
 data
 drawings
 manuals
 letters
 notes
 reports
 electronic mail
 recordings
and copies of the same
 of or pertaining to it or any other Group member in his possession or control. Notwithstanding the foregoing
Executive may retain his personal effects
 files
 benefit information
 or other property to the extent such materials do not contain
any of the Company&rsquo;s Confidential Information. In addition
 during his employment with the Company or the Group and subsequently
Executive agrees to meet with Company personnel and
 based on knowledge or insights he gained during his employment with the Company
and the Group
 answer any question they may have related to the Company or the Group as reasonably requested.

(e)
. Intellectual property (including such things as all ideas
 concepts
 inventions
 plans
 developments
software
 data
 configurations
 materials (whether written or machine-readable)
 designs
 drawings
 illustrations
 and photographs
developed
 created
 conceived
 made
 or reduced to practice during Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company (except intellectual
property that has no relation to the Group or any Group customer that Executive developed
 etc.
 purely on his own time and at
his own expense)
 shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company
 and Executive does now assign all rights
 title
 and
interest in any such intellectual property to the Company.


    
    


(f)
. This Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement or Executive&rsquo;s employment
for any reason. Executive acknowledges that: (a) this section&rsquo;s terms are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company&rsquo;s
legitimate interests; (b) this section&rsquo;s restrictions will not prevent him from earning or seeking a livelihood; (c) this
section&rsquo;s restrictions shall apply wherever permitted by law; and (d) the violation of any of this section&rsquo;s terms
would irreparably harm the Company. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that
 if he violates any of the provisions of this section
the Company or any Group member shall be entitled to
 in addition to other remedies available to it
 an injunction to be issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction restraining Executive from committing or continuing any such violation
 without the need
to prove the inadequacy of money damages or post any bond or for any other undertaking. Executive further agrees and stipulates
that the agreements and covenants not to compete contained in Section 5(c) are fair and reasonable in light of all the facts and
circumstances of the relationship between Executive and the Company; however
 Executive and the Company are aware that in certain
circumstances courts have refused to enforce certain agreements not to compete. Therefore
 in furtherance of the provisions of
the preceding paragraph
 Executive and the Company agree that if a court or arbitrator should decline to enforce the provisions
of Section 5(c)
 Section 5(c) must be considered modified to restrict Executive&rsquo;s competition with the Group to the maximum
extent
 in both time and geography
 which the court or arbitrator finds enforceable.

6.
&#9;CONFLICT OF INTEREST. 
 Executive agrees that while employed
by the Company he shall not
 acting alone or in conjunction with others
 directly or indirectly
 become involved in a conflict
of interest or
 upon discovery thereof
 allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover
 Executive agrees that he shall immediately
disclose to the Company any facts that might involve any reasonable possibility of a conflict of interest. It is agreed that any
direct or indirect interest
 connection with or benefit from any outside activities
 where such interest might in any way adversely
affect the Company
 involves a possible conflict of interest. Circumstances in which a conflict of interest on the part of Executive
might arise
 and which must be reported immediately by Executive to the Company
 include
 but are not limited to
 the following:

(a)
&#9;ownership of a material interest in any supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity with which the Company
does business;

(b)
&#9;acting in any capacity
 including director
 officer
 partner
 consultant
 employee
 distributor
 agent
 or the like for a
supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other entity with which the Company does business;

(c)
&#9;accepting
 directly or indirectly
 payment
 service
 or loans from a supplier
 contractor
 subcontractor
 customer
 or other
entity with which the Company does business
 including
 but not limited to
 gifts
 trips
 entertainment
 or other favors of more
than a nominal value;

(d)
&#9;misuse of the Company&rsquo;s information or facilities to which Executive has access in a manner which will be detrimental
to the Company&rsquo;s interest
 such as utilization for Executive&rsquo;s own benefit of know-how
 inventions
 or information
developed through the Company&rsquo;s business activities;

(e)
&#9;disclosure or other misuse of Confidential Information of any kind obtained through Executive&rsquo;s connection with the
Company;

(f)
&#9;appropriation by Executive or the diversion to others
 directly or indirectly
 of any business opportunity in which it is
known or could reasonably be anticipated that the Company would be interested; and

(g)
&#9;ownership
 directly or indirectly
 of a material interest in an enterprise in competition with the Company
 or acting as an
owner
 director
 principal
 officer
 partner
 consultant
 employee
 agent
 servant
 or otherwise of any enterprise which is in
competition with the Company.


    
    


7.
&#9;ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES. 
relief as set forth in Section 5 (f)
 all disputes between the Company and Executive (&ldquo;Arbitratable Disputes&rdquo;)
 including
disputes under Section 3 and Section 4
 are to be resolved by final and binding arbitration in accordance with this Section 7.
This section shall remain in effect after the termination of this Agreement or Executive&rsquo;s employment.

(a)
. This arbitration agreement applies to
 among other things
 disputes concerning Executive&rsquo;s
employment with or termination from the Company; the validity
 interpretation
 enforceability or effect of this Agreement or alleged
violations of it; claims of discrimination under federal or state law; or other statutory or common law claims.

(b)
. The arbitration shall take place under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (&ldquo;AAA&rdquo;)
in one of its offices located in Los Angeles County
 California and conducted in accordance with the AAA&rsquo;s National Rules
for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect before an experienced employment law arbitrator licensed to practice
law in that jurisdiction who has been selected in accordance with such rules. The arbitrator may not modify or change this Agreement
in any way except as expressly set forth herein. The arbitration shall be governed by the substantive law of California (excluding
where it mandates the use of another jurisdiction&rsquo;s laws).

(c)
. Regardless of which party initiates the arbitration
 the Company shall pay that portion of the initial
filing fee that exceeds the filing fee for commencing an action in a state or federal court in California
 after which each party
shall pay the fees of their attorneys
 the expenses of its witnesses
 and any other costs and expenses that the party incurs in
connection with the arbitration. All other costs of the arbitration
 including the fees of the arbitrator
 the cost of any record
or transcript of the arbitration
 administrative fees and other fees and costs shall be paid one-half by the Company and one-half
by the Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the arbitrator may
 in his or her discretion
 award reasonable attorney&rsquo;s
fees (in addition to any other damages
 expenses or relief awarded) to the prevailing party.

(d)
&#9;

(e)
. Nothing in this Section 7 shall preclude any party to this agreement from seeking judicial enforcement
of an arbitrator&rsquo;s award. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator&rsquo;s award in any court having jurisdiction.

8.
&#9;CODE SECTION 280G.

(a)
&#9;Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan
 arrangement or agreement to the contrary
 if any
of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to Executive or for Executive&rsquo;s
&rdquo;) constitute parachute payments
&rdquo;) within the meaning of Code Section 280G and would
 but for this Section 8 be subject
to the excise tax imposed under Code Section 4999 (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or
local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively
&rdquo;)
 then prior
to making the Covered Payments
 a calculation shall be made comparing (i) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to Executive of the
Covered Payments after payment of the Excise Tax to (ii) the Net Benefit to Executive if the Covered Payments are limited to the
extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. Only if the amount calculated under (i) above is less than the amount
under (ii) above will the Covered Payments be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered
Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount
shall
mean the present value of the Covered Payments net of all federal
 state
 local
 foreign income
 employment and excise taxes.


    
    


(b)
&#9;To the extent the Covered Payments must be reduced pursuant to Section 8(a) above
 the Covered Payments shall be reduced in
a manner that maximizes Executive&rsquo;s economic position. In applying this principle
 the reduction shall be made in a manner
consistent with the requirements of Section 409A
 and where two economically equivalent amounts are subject to reduction but payable
at different times
 such amounts shall be reduced on a pro rata basis but not below zero.

(c)
&#9;Any determination required under this Section 8 shall be made in writing in good faith by an independent accounting firm selected
&rdquo;)
 which shall provide detailed
supporting calculations to the Company and Executive as requested by the Company or Executive. The Company and Executive shall
provide the Accountants with such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination
under this Section 8. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 8
 the Accountants may
rely on reasonable
 good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Code Sections 280G and 4999. The Accountants&rsquo;
determinations shall be final and binding on the Company and Executive. The Company shall be responsible for all fees and expenses
incurred by the Accountants in connection with the calculations required by this Section 8.

(d)
&#9;Notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan
 equity awards under Section 3(c) and any other payments payable to Executive under
this or any other Agreement upon or related to a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan
 and as modified herein) that are considered
to be &ldquo;excess parachute payments&rdquo; under Section 280G of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;)
will not be subject to the 280G &ldquo;cut-back&rdquo; provisions set forth in Section 14(d) of the Plan shall not apply to Executive.

9.
&#9;AMENDMENT. 
 waived or discharged except by a written document signed by
a duly authorized Company officer and Executive. A waiver of any conditions or provisions of this Agreement in a given instance
shall not be deemed a waiver of such conditions or provisions at any other time in the future.

10.
&#9;NOTICES. 
 all communications
 including but not limited to notices
 consents
 request
or approvals
 required
 permitted
 or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and either delivered personally to an officer
of the addressee or mailed to those addresses provided on the signature page below
 by certified or registered mail
 postage prepaid
by facsimile transmission or electronic mail (with receipt confirmed) and shall be deemed given (i) when so delivered personally;
(ii) if mailed
 five (5) days after the time of mailing; or (iii) if faxed or sent by electronic mail
 twenty four (24) hours
after the confirmed transmission of the fax or electronic mail.

11.
&#9;CHOICE OF LAW. 
 interpretation
 construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of California (excluding any that mandate the use of another jurisdiction&rsquo;s laws).

12. &#9;SUCCESSORS.

 and shall inure to the benefit of
 Executive and his estate
 but Executive may not assign
or pledge this Agreement or any rights arising under it
 except to the extent permitted under the terms of the benefit plans in
which he participates. Without Executive&rsquo;s consent
 the Company may assign this Agreement to any affiliate or to a successor
to substantially all the business and assets of the Company.


    
    


13.
&#9;TAXES. 
to be required by applicable law.

14.
&#9;VALIDITY. 
of any other provision of this Agreement
 which shall remain in full force and effect.

15.
&#9;COUNTERPARTS. 
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument.

16.
&#9;HEADINGS. 

17.
&#9;GENDER AND PLURALS. 
 the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter
 and the singular
number includes the plural and conversely.

18.
&#9;ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 
 express or implied
 with respect to the subject matter
of this Agreement are set forth in this Agreement. All prior written employment agreements between Executive and the Company are
declared null and void
 and have no further effect.

(Signatures
on following page)


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have executed this Agreement through their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective
Date set forth above.



    
    
    

    
    
    

BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    

a
    Delaware corporation
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
/s/
    JOSEPH S. TESORIERO

Name:&#9;&#9;
    
Riccardo Delle
    Coste
    
    

    
Chief Executive
    Officer
    
    



    
    


ANNEX
A &ndash; General Release of Claims

GENERAL
RELEASE AGREEMENT

This
&rdquo;) is entered into by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware
&rdquo;)
 and Joseph S. Tesoriero (&ldquo;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;) entered into on May
__
 2015
 whereby Executive is entitled to certain severance benefits from Company in exchange for executing this Agreement;

WHEREAS
&rdquo;)
pursuant to Section [INSERT SECTION] of the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS
the parties desire to settle all claims and issues arising out of or in any way related to the acts
 transactions or occurrences
between Executive and the Company to date;

WHEREFORE
in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants set forth below
 the parties agree as follows:

1.&#9;
. In consideration for executing this Agreement and in exchange for the promises
 covenants
 releases and
waivers herein
 provided that Executive has not revoked the Agreement as set forth below
 the Company will provide Executive with
the severance payments and/or benefits described in Section [INSERT SECTION] of the Employment Agreement. The severance payments
and/or benefits described in Section [INSERT SECTION] shall commence or be paid
 as applicable
 on the first payroll period following
the &ldquo;Release Effective Date&rdquo; (as defined below)
 and the first payment shall include all payments that would have
been made from the Termination Date. In addition
 Executive shall be reimbursed for (i) any remaining charges for Company expenses
on Executive&rsquo;s personal credit cards incurred prior to the Termination Date and (ii) any outstanding and unpaid business
expenses incurred by the Executive through the Termination Date
 in each case in accordance with Company policy. Executive understands
and agrees that the severance payments and/or benefits are in addition to anything of value to which Executive is otherwise entitled
from the Company if she does not execute this Agreement.

2.&#9;
. All payments and benefits provided to Executive pursuant to Paragraph 1 of this Agreement are subject to
any applicable employment or tax withholdings or deductions. In addition
 the parties hereby agree that it is their intention
that all payments or benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as
&rdquo;)
 and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. In no event shall the timing of
the Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement
 directly or indirectly
 result in the Executive designating the calendar year
of payment
 and if a payment that is subject to execution of the Agreement could be made in more than one taxable year
 at the
option of Executive
 payment shall be made in the later taxable year. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company does not guarantee
the tax treatment of any payments or benefits under this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
 under the Code
 federal
 state
or local laws.


    
    






    
    
In
    consideration for the consideration described above
 to which Executive is not otherwise entitled
 as a full and final settlement
    Executive
 for Executive and Executive&rsquo;s heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors and assigns
 hereby releases and
    forever discharges the Company
 its current and former parents
 direct or indirect equity holders
 subsidiaries
 affiliated
&rdquo;)
    from all causes of action
 claims
 charges
 complaints
 liabilities
 obligations
 promises
 covenants
 agreements
 contracts
    suits
 judgments
 damages
 or demands
 in law or in equity of any nature whatsoever
 known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
    which Executive ever had or now has regarding any matter arising on or before the date of Executive&rsquo;s execution of this
    Agreement including those arising directly or indirectly out of or in any way connected with Executive&rsquo;s employment
    with the Company
 including
 but not limited to
 claims relating to Executive&rsquo;s employment
 or termination thereof
    discrimination based upon race
 color
 age
 sex
 sexual orientation
 age
 marital status
 religion
 national origin
 handicap
    disability
 or any other protected category
 or retaliation
 any contracts (express or implied)
 any claim for or involving
    equitable relief or recovery of punitive
 compensatory
 or other damages or monies
 wages
 vacation pay
 employee fringe benefits
    attorneys&rsquo; fees
 libel
 slander
 and any other tort. Executive understands and agrees that this Release includes any
    claim that could arise under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967;
    the Older Workers Benefit Act; the Civil Rights Act of 1866; the Equal Pay Act; the Pregnancy Discrimination Act; the Americans
    With Disabilities Act of 1990; 42 U.S.C. &sect; 1981; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Family and
    Medical Leave Act of 1993; the Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988; the
    Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
 the False Claims Act; the Corporate
    and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1514A
 also known as the Sarbanes Oxley Act; the California
    Labor Code (including the California Private Attorney General Act)
 California Business &amp; Professions Code
 California
    Wage Orders
 City of Los Angeles Living Wage Ordinance; and any other federal
 state or local laws
 rules or regulations
    whether equal employment opportunity laws
 rules or regulations or otherwise
 or any right under any pension
 welfare
 or
    equity plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    acknowledges reading and understanding the meaning and effect of section 1542 of the California Civil Code which in its entirety
    states:


A
general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time
of executing the release
 which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the creditor.



    
    
Executive
    waives and relinquishes any right or benefit that Executive may have under section 1542 of the California Civil Code and understands
    that by signing this Release
 Executive is giving up claims that Executive may not presently know or suspect to exist.

    
    
    

    
    
Notwithstanding
    the broad scope of this release
 this release is not intended to bar (i) any claims that
 as a matter of law
 whether by statute
    or otherwise
 may not be waived
 such as claims for workers&rsquo; compensation benefits or unemployment insurance benefits
    (ii) any claims with respect to indemnification under the Company&rsquo;s by-laws
 charter or any other operative agreements
    or with respect to coverage arising under any D&amp;O policy in effect
 (iii) any claims by the Executive for any matter arising
    under this Agreement or (iv) any claims by the Executive in his capacity as a shareholder of the Company or with respect to
    any equity interest he may own or control in the Company. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with Executive&rsquo;s

 however
 that Executive
    expressly releases and waives her right to recovery of any type in any administrative or court action
 whether local
 state
    or federal
 and whether brought by her or on her behalf
 related in any way to the matters released herein.



    
    




    
    
By
    signing this Agreement and accepting the consideration described in Paragraph 1
 Executive understands and acknowledges that
    Executive is waiving any right to sue the Releasees for any claims released by this Agreement.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company for itself and its current and former parents
 direct or indirect equity holders
 members
 subsidiaries
 affiliated
    or related entities and their respective members
 shareholders
 officers
 directors
 successors and assigns (collectively
&rdquo;) hereby release and forever discharge the Executive from all causes of action
    claims
 charges
 complaints
 liabilities
 obligations
 promises
 covenants
 agreements
 contracts
 suits
 judgments
 damages
    or demands
 in law or in equity of any nature whatsoever
 known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
 which the Company Releasors
    ever had or now have regarding any matter relating to Executive&rsquo;s employment with or equity interest in the Company
    arising on or before the date of Executive&rsquo;s execution of this Agreement including
 but not limited to
 any claim for
    or involving equitable relief or recovery of punitive
 compensatory
 or other damages or monies
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 libel
    slander
 and any other tort; 
 
 the foregoing release by the Company Releasors is not intended
    to and does not bar any claims by the Company Releasors for any matters arising (i) under this Agreement or the Termination
    Agreement
 (ii) from events
 acts or omissions occurring after the parties&rsquo; execution of this Agreement; or (iii) from
    any acts of Executive involving criminal activity or fraud.


4.&#9;
. This Agreement does not constitute an admission by the Company or Executive (or any Releasee or Company
Releasor) of a violation of any federal
 state
 or local law
 statute
 rule or regulation or any common law right.

5.&#9;
. By Executive&rsquo;s signature below
 Executive represents that: (i) Executive is not aware of any unpaid
wages
 vacation
 bonuses
 expense reimbursements or other amounts owed to Executive by the Company
 other than that specifically
provided for in this Agreement; and (ii) Executive has not filed any charge or claim or initiated any proceedings against any
of the Releasees in any forum or with any municipal
 state or federal agency charged with the enforcement of any law.

6.&#9;
. Except as provided by law
 Executive and the Company shall keep the existence and terms
of this Agreement confidential and shall not disclose to any third party
 except in the case of the Executive
 to the Executive&rsquo;s
immediate family
 tax and legal advisors and as required by law
 and except in the case of the Company
 in connection with the
Company&rsquo;s disclosure obligations to its tax
 accounting and legal advisors
 to any officer
 director
 manager or employee
with a business need to know
 and as required by law.


    
    


7.&#9;
. Executive covenants and agrees that he will not make any disparaging or derogatory comments
about the business or reputation of the Releasees
 except where the making of any truthful statements may be required by law or
is necessary to enforce his rights under this Agreement. The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not
 and the management
employees of the Company shall be instructed not to
 make any disparaging or derogatory comments concerning the Executive
 except
where the making of any truthful statements may be required by law or necessary to enforce its rights under this Agreement.

8.&#9;
. The construction
 interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of California
 without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Executive agrees to and hereby consents and waives any
objection to the exclusive jurisdiction of any and all state and federal courts located in the State of California in connection
with any proceeding concerning this Agreement.

9.&#9;
. The paragraph headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter
or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof.

10.&#9;
. If any provision or portion thereof contained in this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable
 the
remainder of this Agreement will be considered severable
 shall not be affected and shall remain in full force and effect. Specifically
the invalidity of any such provision shall have no effect upon
 and shall not impair the enforceability of the release language
set forth in Paragraph 3.

11.&#9;
. The parties agree that this Agreement shall be binding on
 and inure to the benefit of
 Executive&rsquo;s
and the Company&rsquo;s respective successors
 heirs and/or assigns.

12.&#9;
. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company on the
subject matter herein and supersedes and cancels any prior written and oral agreements between Executive and the Company regarding
such subject matter
 except the surviving provisions of the Employment Agreement. No amendment of this Agreement or waiver of
any of its provisions shall be effective unless agreed to in writing by Executive and the Company. This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts
 which when taken together
 shall constitute an original agreement. Executed originals transmitted
by electronically as PDF files (or their equivalent) shall have the same force and effect as a signed original. Unless otherwise
defined herein
 capitalized terms have the meaning set forth in the Employment Agreement.

13.&#9;
: Without detracting in any respect from any other provision of this Agreement
 Executive acknowledges and
agrees that:



    
    
this
    Agreement constitutes a knowing and voluntary waiver of all rights or claims Executive has or may have against Releasees as
    set forth herein
 including any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act; and Executive has no physical or mental
    impairment of any kind that has interfered with Executive&rsquo;s ability to read and understand the meaning of this Agreement
    or its terms
 and that Executive is not acting under the influence of any medication or mind-altering chemical of any type
    in entering into this Agreement;

    
    
    

    
    
by
    entering into this Agreement
 Executive does not waive rights or claims that may arise after the date of Executive&rsquo;s
    execution of this Agreement
 including without limitation any rights or claims that Executive may have to secure enforcement
    of the terms and conditions of this Agreement;



    
    




    
    
the
    consideration provided to Executive under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which Executive is already
    entitled;

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    is advised to consult with an attorney regarding this Agreement; and

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    was informed that Executive had at least twenty-one (21) days in which to review and consider this Agreement
 and to consult
    with an attorney regarding the terms and effect of this Agreement.


14.&#9;
. Executive may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) days from the date Executive signs this Agreement
in which case this Agreement shall be null and void and of no force or effect on either the Company or Executive. Any revocation
must be in writing and received by the undersigned by 5:00 p.m. on or before the seventh day after this Agreement is executed
by Executive. For purposes of this Agreement
)
day following the Termination Date
 so long as the Executive has not revoked this Agreement in a timely manner prior to such date.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    




    
Sincerely


    
    

    
Barfresh
    Food Group Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


EXECUTIVE
EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES
 REPRESENTS
 AND WARRANTS THAT EXECUTIVE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY; THAT EXECUTIVE FULLY UNDERSTANDS
THE TERMS
 CONDITIONS
 AND SIGNIFICANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT; THAT THE COMPANY HAS ADVISED EXECUTIVE TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY
CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT; THAT EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BINDING LEGAL EFFECT; AND THAT EXECUTIVE HAS EXECUTED
THIS AGREEMENT FREELY
 KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY.

PLEASE
READ CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT HAS IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSEQUENCES.



/s/
    Joseph S. Tesoriero
    

Joseph
    S. Tesoriero
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    

&nbsp;












     



Exhibit
21.1



(1) Barfresh
Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 wholly owned subsidiary

(2) Smoothie
Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
 wholly owned subsidiary


    
    













     



Exhibit
31.1

Certification
of
Principal
Executive Officer
Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350
(Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I
Riccardo Delle Coste
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;);

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this Annual Report
 fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this Annual Report;

4.
The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control
over financial reporting; and

5.
The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
issuer's internal control over financial reporting.

July
7
 2015



    
/s/ Riccardo
    Delle Coste 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    













     




Exhibit
31.2

Certification
of
Principal
Financial Officer
Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350
(Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)

I
Arnold Tinter
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;);

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this Annual Report
 fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this Annual Report;

4.
The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
based on such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control
over financial reporting; and

5.
The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
issuer's internal control over financial reporting.

July
7
 2015



    
/s/ Arnold
    Tinter 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    












     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Riccardo Delle
Coste
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended;
and

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.

Date:
July 7
 2015



    
/s/ Riccardo
    Delle Coste 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    














     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Arnold Tinter
Principal Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended;
and

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.

Date:
July 7
 2015



    
/s/ Arnold
    Tinter 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    











begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`'D`F@#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH


M'!J#1=576=+CODB


+&4LD3*OW#@C&
MZN$\?_P#(0TG_`'C_`#6N[[5STIR=2<7TL)/4.U':

M`!VH[4=J.U`!0:*#0`4444`%+24M
`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB


Y.[I7H%A86V
MF626EI'Y<*9VKDG&?K2`9J__`!KS_K@_P#(USO@N]$?AJWBCAEF=2Q8(/N\

OQV(I+33;F&:22.9V9=SDC!`Z#M7:6UBJ0J1
[





M/'AW7VCGIDDX_%:[T55**=:I?R_(%NSBM$U/4Y-9U#1Q=[_(9C%+
NXX!Q@^


MTIF5PGE]\[JZAGHQFB5L&1`?0M2K)&YPKJQ]C7F$I\/#Q1K?]N02R-YX\KRU

M032`[&F^;&3MWKN]





M`




M:O?K?Y^1AVNA7$&B_P!EM?`PB

A`]12

U':B%.

B@#U3PVMY?C4;*\EL;X+M


M53^'6O5_#-Y+?Z#;W






ME7[R/
H(_`FHO^$FT+_H



YI8.JDW'6


_=/









2K.60$Y/
M/]:\VG3=63/L,7BXX*G'2_3[D?/VY?45Z?\``@OJF#_`
\_ZUZ3]@LO^?2#
M_OV*EBMX(



?;Y&JAYP36<VD\S337



MJ



GF@Q0:C%S`
M5W:
J.IW#%.$B.QL5Z@'I0`ZBBB@`I:2EI@%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

=P/3^N*Z#7R9[FWME=E5/WK[3


LA)
MS_.U1+HCU:5*IRDWN7KW3[K%E]E
AJK/J<XE



M3[Z%O#KK`8W4S?:5X7!^;%5]`UC7(=$L88/#KS0+&H6;[2HW#UQ5'.=O7$_%


M2LJU^1V.S+U'ZS!S=DM3R('!S72)X^\31D;=2.T=%\I
?RJOIOA#6]2U'[&M
MC+`PY=YT*J@]371WWPHU*WLVEMKV&XE49



MXPUQ-GN!SC\3@5W/@:Q+QW&J3#][


YKR









_VFQMY_\`GI&K_F




U:WBN(QZU
?[Q#?I67;J&*^]0MSVZ;O!
T+:++CC





M^XY4$D?+Z5)R_\`
L4

M*QQC

D(DMHD2'[1


3MV
M(2#[]J`.8N]7M5U*\
N*R4I-GK
M0AAJ*3G=M_@)X@77E1#E78.Q!_A!'\\U=M52TM<OMC'H.@]!6==VT%I<K!;







MKR6ZN'+S2L7=CW)KUGX6:
]EI
^I3+M:[($8/]P=_P`237+2]ZK='M8ZU'`\
MDGK9(]!K(\0Z5+K%A%!#(B

M?VH-`)VU/




=A[\U8^V7`O!93WKQ0)-(AN#M#-@*54G

MCTK1D



:[44'H*EHIDG

MXQ@`4

T9E48&



*J5

A`#D*=I'3GVJI+H32R3@




-JH3RR\KM)]T[BN`

MCZM:?//[NQF6

MUW=
FB6:

MX_Q?SKN]B8QM7&-O3MZ5Y]XH\#_;?WME^[N4Y3'&?I_AVK$TSQUK/AZ46&M0
M22K'P&8?
J]#UM88D4*D:*`<@`8P
M:&BC=2KQJP)R01G-

NQQI#&L<:A44850
W/S8!K
M9:TE<&.=PQ'*@\.1ZBJEO:PSIYB;H7Z


M0`4=J*.U`!2
H=2K#((P0:6E[T`9L&AV-N;0QQM_HN[RLL3][KGUI!H=JLL+









M***`#M11VHH`7O1WH[T=Z`$HHHH`****`#M1VH[4=J`E[TE+WH`3O11WHH`
M****`$95=2K`%2,$'O5/1[6&0OI3/4`\5H4=J+#3:&I&L:X44ZCM10(#10
M:*`BBB@`HHHH`.U':CM1VH`*#10:`BBB@`I:2EI@%%%%`!1110`4E%%`!1
M110`4444`+1WH[T=Z`BCO24`%%%%`!1110`4M)2]Z`#O1WH[T=Z`$HHHH`*




M`-]BC[9:Y_X^8?\`OL4`3]Z.]0?;+7/_`!\P_P#?8H^V6N?^/F'_`+[%`$U%






MQ




K@[6Y;)X7)^M:,/BJW75[XDMYC!!IHL95##

M


MT8
C%6'((.*;10![G\-=?N=;T2.\D



QJ?.&




M


MS-]_R4/3/^O23^M=-WH.K%:\DWNXK]5^B%[TE+WI*#EBBB@`H[44=J`E[T
ME+WH`.])2]Z2@`HHHH`****`#M11VHH`7O1WH[T=Z`$HHHH`****`#M1VH[4






Q

M32/B

C1[49%/(P23Z9K-N]%
M\36$TNHM?%[J






KEOT-3[.1UO

M%=]Z_DV:[O0/BW=A


#7H?$K
MKNCI**





_CCPK;2M%-XATU9%X*_:
F;A16_#/#<0K-!*DL3C*N
MC!@P]010!)1110!XK\6_^1KM_P#KS7_T)JX&O0_B];NGB&RN/W<EMM!]U8Y




QK!\2:C:ZI=:9]GF2.V


X49(&!F@#2F\86C:MK#I]D$$=F\-C(


M*Q.&R25`'3O0!9?Q1IFIWD

\JFS

O/M3^'US;2[T^;[1_$8BNUOP]:[K7-2@L'=;?YYB
H
9Q[FN
M


M@U.TC:.VU&6`


RNFF6\@RD$2D@/MZ;F(SGZ5V.WICI7.^`!
M_P`4#HF!_P`NJUT;.L49=C@H9HALLOE)G&6/CUK.NIC;I@'
\G4_W13Y;L
M1(US*O/1%]ZRO/


C)]\'.:ZR19HED4Y!%*Q28I
M%BG$9H`Q2&+36IU--


GN#7
]!I4I.BWU5_S_`


MJR3VEA-



WFL!N''7H!Z

\9SB4!B-R\`9P1TZYKK;:9+B!)H




M15G_`
.;$4HD&.C5+6?&%=]UH=R9Y'38?\*M12[_`)2


:O\`[B?^C%H!B^/^/76_P#L


PYPS=?:LS3]+DO@[RN4M
MR?D!ZO\`_6K4@M/[6N/

!0.%%%.G;WI;G1

$'HU9%[;;E)497U[CV

JS9Z=1116Q@)1110`4444`%%(S*

@4'17G

MS;7DS
%FP0R;00I^8_



MQSQ3

=`S2NQ*`*1\IQ
MBK
40DE6-0
D]:SM
NI!$PG&1NX?T!Z9K?LHHY0'QAE/4&LHZFN*I.$]=B#5

MI3O:/1'.:S

'`[GJ

DB2QVJJRD!4^8YX4$




&I2
M!Z4`6//#*&4@]*SY9=NK1MD9*G'Y&I\XJK(#_:


M@%I$5CMXY/6G85[&VDJRIN7.


MV+^UMQ):8+30*

0(/)QSC.

MDC/;E2#O8







$E1C]U1M/L?6GRK=EQFXIVZCX



M@'&XM5*STNXU5OLTV^
'YI-W)'H*[6PTVVTR$10)ST+GJ:4;FN)E34M$5DMR


?2

MS/*F7#[3D'KV/-

MZ?J\L%C=XMQM:.16!Z@'&1P2.GX5U3:-\0FN4G:.Z,R(4#&5,E3C(///0=?
M2H8OA]XKUC43+?P^49/









M??\`)0]

/TJ0FFR#

MD0+I]A%9)F2-






_P#HTUTV:#(=FC-,S1F@G?6
M1EE6Y@.)T&


0H5CC!DFDX11_6
MMRL!:(TDC;YW^^W]![4NG:<+

$=QYU\OF?O\85FR`!G&!VZU;D.5


%MGXC\@00A)L+MB<M&3M+*Z$Y.


M7
7O_)0M

M1^'O_)/]#_Z]%KI:YKX??\D^T/\`Z]%KI
\5)04=J*.U`&-IJ[+'9Z.?YFK/

`$


MXF_Y&'PC_P!A3_VD]2MP)?`O_(/U?_L

M&FNH-!HM@HI**!B]J*2CM0
RKS1+:2^6_6+

M5_?2`





'KZ53_TB&?R
M]K8!Y!-6(2Y.TC!ST]:PO?0])QLKID+2/:Q]#--*VV&(=2?Z#WJ]8:?]E#33
M
)+N3[[XX'^R/05-;V:0NTS?-
W&X_PCT%6


OO7HNI3WTZXE/\`
MAKRF:?=J]W<AOFABBM8A_=
K?
1^&*F6P\&^6IS6O8I7-Y)&P9[:0(O#'@[

(EA@W+R/O#(/YUG:/`-1\9OYBN\$

MZNCT!D.#]UH8W'ZC^0%9QC=GL5\;*E#1*^GXF;+::C'$TAM65%&22R]/SJ

_-*

D53@ODX`SV'7/X5/J^EQ
YN[MT-U(H
M2(1G(C'MD4:(MP;1'N#B3H<#DGN357599`QY)SQBM72]S0*7ZY)'XFLTE<Z

M.6O844_=@E*^S
50'_QXU;.-5Y0:BC-U.XCU%A9W$S/($^4JWS!7V_S&!]#5

(XX8^1@DAB6X^AK
MHGGUS4]0%N_V:W5E1W`!#HNU5&.W.?R

M;DJ


VG6DKL(Q!





M1O7/X[SBM=;6&XMRM_$]NH?*AKLMGCUS^E


_^C372XKF_!?\`Q[ZW



MQ3.G2K

WO\`R4/3?^O.


=2


'LPZ










M`))_H?\`UZ+72Y&*YCX?G_B@-#_Z]5KI
U)0_-%-S2YXH&9XRNJ3^AVG'X8J

X'-9$*P^='QIX^
M8?
SZ<R;P%V1@`-^9YI@:D21PP!(4QKPJJ
\
M_P#(/U?_`+#-[_Z--;UP\XW+`%9P
JI[G\Z35]#?#UY4*BJ1W1\^26VJ:/('







V[75E-`DAC:1H<=J#JQ/PT_\*_-GF?C#6O[1U38B$PP9



M&5
_*?[M3-.L@\J90XR,]/K7H&H^`X71C8SE6/_`SEY!_&N/GTB]T:8I=6



M[I`@^52?0NYJS@G+FDY=PHHHI$G
WW_)0]


M*21YH]L9^89

5/1$!'I



VW!8

MT8M:W/.9E^'DCEMO$4

ML@$T0)Q\PX_&HE)M(P]FH-G88XJA?C]XOTK0[5GZA_K%/M6[.:A\9GR=*I25

M7-?$%L^`M7_ZY#_T):WP:Y[Q_P#\B'JW_7(?^A+0%CU2BBBF2)1110`4444`
M%%%%`'
WO_)0]-_Z\Y/YFNF[UR^JG[-XYT:X?A)8I(0?]KK_`%KJ*#JQ/P4W


[1II)EMY'D;!;H!VXQC'7GI21^[:2^34-0,?E6/VN$B%@=
MI.,LI&1@\8ZTA'L'_3Z#G_D
V'_`($+_C3)?$/AV=#'+JNG.AZJTZ$?SKQC

MXY.3C`H`[W5=-\*7:NUKK-AS@[D-PNT_K7/Z5X=T^PN96;Q#I6QF&+O)Q[




MR/(P61B6?@D;2.GIN_3%)VO8T@Y0BIG(:)8F/Q-:V[I@Q`$D-D=
GA;F
$$#T
IK'6;A6S#AC&%P%)Q^O
M%;%]X,E:7]V-P/=Y2/Z5:L?`Y1U8EP#]X4X_E3C2F:K%04KR)[/59WM]V!$
MA8Y&

C0

62*Y[XC_P#)
M/=7_`.N:?^C%KH/.

M?\(6Z7%IKBN
J=:O01Z@RFH]7A-FGE6T0(4D!6/&*B:T9V8*I:25NMSS6*([
M^&7/4[ER?UJY;VMS
K10JSOU&$!%;S&[X;[/`3Z'K5V2\91#V&17-R)Z







=C6B/$LT



,^7+&H``//7@'@U/XBUN.\TG2K&RGQ;1V^980,;7WM@'UP/SK

I(Y'6@#%3Q?J
$DJ'3;/RY+=;

T?Q*LFFZ6UUKXM[B&\D

$GC%8/B

VU/LLF\GI@8/




MBG_IU6NB\@FN'^#^OP:IX/BTTR#[7IY
;)GDH22K?3G'X5Z(%J31


B?2I;

+E4IS7
^)5QX




MNK13G-HI_P!W-1RG:L4DMAD.G33N-@_=CEG[`5IF
M]/\)2:7YBF[OBJK&#R$!!+'VX`_&@1Z[1113$)1110`444


EZ59Z-81V=C(H4[#J3




M/*QVJK``D]SP/X:ZFU\(Z-I]S?W*'[9$5O#%
)4\J/R-T)92,DMOXY&OL:
M[S2YF_\`YO%N?\`667_`(#C_&C_`(7-XN_YZ67_`(#C_&H_%FAZ;HOAN*S
<Y_#%`7)_P#A<_B[_GI9?^`X_P`:7_A='B__`)Z67_@.



U^X_P!:FGD^OV11
M5)_'&M




M?^%R^



MFQ_PN7QC_P`_-K_X#+1_PN7QCC_CZM?_``&6N`H[46YW-S\7?&5Q8QJ$4.

M$RDHJ[.0;7OB(8/M!T*Y\K&=WV!\8K'/Q+\1Q
4;[

C

'B^QG5H437(4+07@`S%1DQOCKG'!]:PAC4Y*
M,XVOMJG^0E5ULSSP?%'Q&,?-:\?],?\`Z]2I\6?$R$$?8\CG_4__`%ZX8@@D
M$$$5[%J?A/1(8I&BTV&#;;SJ))$=0?\`1=X8;B0^&R=PQCI7:7=F?C5XN(^

]I
#/T-`C$;XDZ



9D
M.=H)V]%[




5%R:/--5T:36O%GB'^S(WE
=\PBCC7.\O-M`
MSD8Y-5O^$+UT6]U

9XJ6X\

'M6TRR2\O+-X8'95#LPX++N`(
M!R#CG!K



/

:L&[
W;





6E6BL_GBY@*OY3[Y$D!'S[L[DSUQVZ5[9T&7!X9\
M2V%REU;V
T=Q;SA4V



\9B

MWK2Z;;RQW
:P.[O






M

MCN=;F0QCR6#+:@C!8L.-^


XG*'



O^A=OO^^!_C1_PKCQE_P![??]
M\#_&@#E^]%=1_P`*X\99_P1=OO^^!_C1_PKCQE_T+M]_P!\#_&@#EZ*ZC_A




M_



YSCYNI
MZ\&N67X?^
58



M\+

1WB4.#^*DB@#G?[0O3#Y)N[CRNGE^:VW





[EB/]XGNWTX'O0!ZW1110(****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C+_P``1`'`K$#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`***2@!:*
TE`T4E-9R%'6@!]%-4$#DY-*6P
F@!:*@5F)#$$#L*DW4!
MY!N%)N'UK+U;68=
A^8[IF'R1@]?K7%S:WJ
TK2?:I$S_K$`?A7G8O,J.&E
MRO5G9AL%4QYHZ(]'RGM^5&4]ORKS?\`MG4L_P#'[/\`]]FD_MG4?^?Z?_OL




U'N)Z+CZFEP_J!0`_-%
PWK^E&&_O4`.S2TS:?[



C;9E(


MJ#EZ6-*5-3^TEZW.KROM^5&4]ORKS=]5U6*4Q27=RD@ZJS$&D_MG4O\`G]G_
M`.^Z\YYU26C@_P`#T(Y54DKJ:_$])RGM^5'R^WY5YM_;.I?\_L__`'V:;_:^
MI@Y%_/\`0N:2SNB_L/\``:RBL_M+\3TOY?;\J
I[?E7FHUG4N]]./^!FE_MG
M4?\`G]G_`.^S1_;='^1_@']D5OYE^)Z4&X[?G06]CQ[5YI_:^H?\_DW_`'V:
MLV7B&^M9MTDKS1G[RL?Y54


MBB@`HHHH`****`DI:2@`HHIC'G:.M``QS\J]?Y4JK@>_
9#_=



PB!Z11]3^/4_\`


M&


MV]_4C@?0=JF6

MJR



ER#QT!XH-(TY2.M:[B4X
T9/IN%
;4K1





M)(!'KG!Z4KH:5RVR;A@X(]/\]:A
#19
)X[HQX/^%)_:=CMW?:X-OKY@^OK4
.1<.@(^G]:C^SRQ#]S,V!_
M_P`P_P`:L!U(_6G5;287
U2)).B!HF6YC_O`@-_

M.H+V;97NC=OQKHY87V!;B$2H.1(G##_#\#35:5`'C?[1'GCLZ_0]#^.*YL1A



MW^\AZ
/2O3R_

&HU)C.UNG8U6TW4H-1M
MA+>V&7NI]ZMDJZD$&OKHSC-)Q=TSYR2



M0=JC1&DD+#$\PZN?N1GV'^3[U=AM`K^8[%Y2.7;K^'I7LJ*MRI61Y+=];D$$


DH5!R/QP:'L-;F396UHUM!.EW'M9$JP&





M4;8B=R\+[3\F[DCZ53V+I64M3GH!#*X1VPW8]



*S]6U

M:-DPSN..14#SJ/F##=U%789X9H@LHY'(8=J#T%&R*

M3%%214)Z\9J\86(^1U9::L#1OG:GU%(OF6YJ6OE-9^5*0?0]ZDM@8AC)Q[UE

M=^:3]XS


M9#&(V5CUY'.!D'+'G\LT]=,MU@6=V5`VX+C'0CU]S4QLX22S6

IYC*
JIZ
M#_$Y'Z5`-
M@@7[)=A1T'F#C`(Q][T-6K.VAAG+1VLT;


_M[<BG[*8%R`4'29.@^H[?7I[UI8R*IR610[[<A3U*$?*WX=O
MJ/UJ'&SN/J5;_3;348PLZ#=_!*IY_.N1U30+K3CO4&:`?\M%'(^HKK45HW(@



MT/
_?M178ZKX7BG#3V.(Y2

7@ZN'=I[=SZ


M`_P?^1YN.P3K+GA\2_%?YGI#J''OV/I2(Q(Y^\.#3(+B*XC62)MR

@CO3GS

XCMXGDD8*
MB#))J3/'2N'\3ZQ]IE^QP-B*/[Y'\1]/I7)C
5'#4G49OAL/*O-07S
S5M3E
MU*Z




M[TG^`]^_';K]9AL'2PL4HK7J^I\YB



:X[Q]#F*&3';'ZTGL7#<
MX8W*F,Q.`T9_A/;\:A^QVDP^7D'N:ISJW:H?
92.:AG2F:Z6$L?^KWL
]15
MJ4'+1L?;%9T%Q*HXD./3-7([R=?^6C?G4LM
UUANWQY=NV/]K`'ZU:BL+G
MCSY8(5]-VXUGQ7
A/

BK.0*R]?M%O-(GC<<`;A^%:E


?F0@^


'I7.#3TC@&;A-L
M890I`/(`X;J
9]N@]*CCCTYX2?\`2EW`J#_%M'?.
X]OTKI/*-**7576-V2

M`J?7VSUJ5[BP6U\MI+CRX691A=I&`1W'/4T`7I)[XW#+&J+D@@.V#]T9[^I_






6U97WQMPDG3\#Z'^O'6LY*




J3_$*^CRG&I_N*C]
M/\CPLRPEOWT%IU.A_P!6^
?*W/T-2TUL.
8XI(V.-IZBOH3QQ]%&**`%HHHH

MXS


3@`=S2P0R7
J11(6=S@





/&3S&PZBFP-RBBBD`F*6BB@`KF/&L6_2E





M3QF$7#(._O54P)#@(!]?6BKF
8Q]Q#AA/YS;'B*

M)\XZHW!KEN2


.?2H+BS\P,P[R




MT51@%%&**`.0\6PXG23'WDQ^(KDAPU=WXKBWVD;_`-UMOYUPI&'-!UT7[I=@






M35P

KL.

MVJX[RH._^U7AYIER:=:E\U^IZ^7XYQ_=5'Z

MX?E;W'8UP??%7=)OFT[4HIP?D/RR`=U_^M_2O-RW%O#UE?9Z/_
[\=AE6I:;
MK7_@'I;J2N1U'2G!@1D4Q)E=`PYR



]4EH!J^4,*Z'\*CF19.&)!'2HHINFUOP-7%?(P0?6F!!%%AA\XXZ<


5=C('-5(P1D]:N1C(`XIHHOV2;[J)0
Y91



NLT/3XGTYU91AFZ]\]2?Q-<E;@E
MQUKOM(39IT0]1G\Z][+*2:9P8N;LK&)?Z'.
F'
B_K716X(@C!R&VC(/TIX

MNB2NC

M:
9SFF)\ORT`+CBL#5TGTZ1+^U7*(?WD8Z`=_H/_`-==!@XICQ;U96`*GJ#W


MP_


MCW
NQOM$J


*'LJ[:V9-YB^M%)L'H**]
XA]%%%



MA$:`*JC``[55TO38].M$@3D]7;^\WK5FYN([6!Y9#A0/S]JK`X:&$HN4M]VR

V6(Z*`/Y#@_C3]3U&2

F2;@$]=O7]3S7DNK+
L4H+^&OZN_
QLHJYN6
MULMK`D

(XHE1C$QWQ&92.5`)_D*U+J8V]M+*%W%$+!<XS^-8(U91
[R
M1;HF1%/53ACC&.1P!^-3-EP1-/K!:58XV\IUD-]TC'F(I_0_H:L:;JXN6M
M[=P3
\/F%QTSQQ^M45U:

M7;PR_G4$//9?R%7X\8Z#\A18!B-DX4$_05
L

M-(\[1C/4U;AXB%5CTJV@PH'H*4F!Y_\`$&#%Q!-C[R8_(UY\WWOI7J?CN'?I
MD


MFK2YP#5.
@D$GITJT\H5

1D95





I4]*\XOXMMS(


M$

M
ILN?L97Y4/,3')RH8=?]H_E6YG:M8<<
M6I6Z,(D*H)78J=A.TNQ&/P/?%=LE*^AC'E?1#6;Q[IK<0JKKN.&1AG&[&#T
M&0`?SK8LY9982TJ@$

T7F1XS\PY4^A[4L4WF1*V
'N/2IB*J8

K3Z`
K6

I&0
M15?4K/4;1H91C(X/H:YS1]4^RR*K-FV?G/H?45UZL&7(Y&,@^M=.Q4
=2?
M




MXOMTR_O)/N9[#UJ_JUF]_=VELP/D9




?E4^OJ?Q/\JZ4=
5Z&3X=4



$'_?

MK?-Y7GER%'49.5.?K^E`%
83ET5?3:Y/\Q52

MQ


M:KE:!U2CJFJ7GAGP.9;6*0S7


MC'XU-6R5M#E;N[AVKF/$L`


M^VE3@CO5J
JU4%[<1'#1J#_`+28-!TJI<V_
QVI
MC


A/!QP5(Z$_3L*RM.TF_NQY5M:2RMG'R*






9/_LU=+Y=WC!N(?QA/_Q5



M1[&OIZM..
H1J0WWB_



MRUMEMH$B3&U%`%6


M!
TXNE7HQQBJ$!Z9J\AYS0+]*D&:B'2I`QQ4C'VZGS2?2K=5K7DL?PJS4L
M`(ICQI(NUU##W%29I*0%$Z5;[MR#;]*:=-R3B7`]-M:%%`[E)=
A5@6);GIT
M'Y5SGCW0K_6-!6VTX9=&W&
'&X8]._-=A2$9]*&K@FTSY&U+1+VRN&29'SN*

MT


;




M:'IL9R+2
XZ;OF_G5U(DC7:BJH]%&!3Z*T%J':H'A4CD*WUYJ;YL=J3'K0!&

MM41SSC%0-Z^U67':JKD'@5\?-'MHB?H2*@;[PQ4[=*B./7FG`+D,GR@HHP

M-JSL5OKHY*N
'MSD_H?RJRK6]I=9-Q*[AF(W#(`?'\ME%V@\[-G-;*&QYC%A





M`%%%%`&7K-Y]DLFVG$DGRK_4UQM;WB;B6V!Y.T__`%ZP:^*SFO*IBG![+0V@
MK(K7`$DL
7<0I[C
M/^)(_O1(8UBB5$&`H`'T''\J[,BHKGE4?16^;UH^A-111BOJ3$****`BB
MB@!KG\5#&

M]/ZUR5WOG\=V@AG



59)'C-W;9EG0;8M(=T@W
MA1@



M77RF_I_6NI(K
UF`SZ9








+;IE8_P!FM&F?E+R+S^9J
ME)X\_P!8N(BZ*Q9!EC].#BLOK$$:?5ZA6D(5NHJQ;YS5)+R[MH[N
2)'*NY






MM$LTFL)9%2,JJD


MTT2!6/8#!.T].OI6CIX@T*)-+@






MVY;DV:2BBND84444`%%%%`!3'4
I!Z$$4^@CBDU?0#C)8S%.\?\`$IJ/&6P3

MC&


612
A@?H:)
M





M

MPV.XT&/RM*BX(+Y8_G_^JM6JUI#Y5K%&/X45?RJS7V.'I^SI1AV2
7N%&**7
M-=`A****`FOT`]:=3&/S*/QH`C;YKE!VD_R%3U`O\`Q].?1!_
U/4QZ@%%
M%%4`=J

M$SO*-:L6N8S*KDH7+,&/!)[YKM4Y+1[G1AZ:DVWT&Z9K^HWFL[KLRW9F^4




;WZEKRX




HVFG+;YMF*(J1MY)P`..1NY_2F6^N
MXT.;5%B(6-9&;OO!




MVL4^W:)$#8]




@X93Z@UHZ$;


M?UKL_$$9?2G;CY'5OZ?UKBU^6^8=G0-^(X_J*^
SJGRXIOND_N-X;%FBBBNP
?Q;_\`56]XM./*S_<:
MLS0X]U[9+CN?RS7QF.CS9BX]VOT-XZ1.\`_E2TBOLK6,`HHHI@%%%%`!3.
MKGV%/[4Q1\S&@./F:0XZ$#^53U#$?WDO^]_05-4PV`****H!FX=.:-PK
NG






8#*#Q_WR?SKL.U86


M/)W$Y'ZFHM0TZS:PMUNF98;1T=3GH5X&?7KZ5J[6]15+5;&2_P!-GM5
8:0`


J?Z=:

2=G=&C#IM

M9%;C:


M4S&6V$SS


6\=Q!

:CU9N
59FF2#'WI)/X409

MRX-N/56%
M-13$Y-(R;*ROX/*1ILJF`27)R.
M<_GD?2JVMQXN<=1FNC/IQ6+KR?=;U&*)Q]T=.7OG+3=
5FW2[HSCO[UIW`P
M36=+TKAEN=Z9RU['*K'#-]


M



?\^\7_`'^/_P`32^9=_P#/+_O\?\`XFJ8



5`R2$8[1[

U%@)_


M^/\`\34D7F
H\Q55O16)%4Y-9M$MWF!D;&0*(VR5`SG&,X]^E:`.:+%HHH

MR*K)TQ5[35S=K[#-:)79E4LHLMW


M9);A=VQP

M


DE?

MPK.26$AE8$$QA?T(J;



M/#W_`$R?^F;?S%?)5O^1HO\2_)&WV#L****^M,0HHHH`****`FKT/U-.[4

_W!LX_-
M33``PR-2E(/O'_\`$U3OX[-KN:22%S(J`E@V!]X8[^N/UJ@!82QP`V-P[L55
M0V-W!8#(S]?TH`W!@D`:C

M


-DG'*\`=
M?3C_`.OQ6C
3/I3
XKUM%VJ`.P`KI@<]8
M?1115F(4444`%%&**`*LUM%(P9U;(_NL1N]C@C/XTB6MM'*9$3#D]=W3_#J?

?7TS

8X/XT`2-;
MV#SJS
C.7.%

XZ$Y]:GCM;:/]TBC@[L$YYQC/-9S:







YZ_7WZ^]







0`3Z=1].]5W
H#]K<*C6-LY)!8,0
M%R<GW_^OZU!*;AKA?
T]/W6UD.W'+$C.-W.
=._)R*`-'?IYEA01N?-)`/(



M_F:^?S[^'3]?T-*96VK13]A]J*RN



&




MLWF%?EB/0?7/I4[ZO9H5W.V&R5;8V#MZG-
DUBV\MI(2TI4@
%0G;DXY('%`



$?A4
MTFHQ+*L
MK#]:`*GV_5#Y3F!N4/F)]G?Y#QCO\W?I4TUQJ.^)TCPI1?
0H3M)W9/;T%6C
MJ=LJNSL\83[V]&!!X]O=:4:I;-



R.JCW-`6):
55.I


MH2X'REB01W&:IHQ!K![GI1=T7XS5E*HQ'I5R(YZT#+2]:G2JX.*D1FQ3):)R



#W&.E68&#



MG4B_U-+0`T@XKSV^.Z:=B?O2'/\`WU7H+
`
GM7G
QW(
\[F7_T(5\YQ`]*:
M\W^1I#J2;O8T5E_VM'_=?\A_C168SUJBBBOIS(****`.3\5_ZVU].1^M96DO

MZ0**CCD#*.A&:DK[1-&(4444PBBB@`[4P_?^HI]





M3WX]*7S!CH:ZCF.
UF/9=R#W-8

F
9V?B%]'L7BM(EDGE((9_NJ/IWKGM1UB\U=DN+MYY!]Y<X0


]$MOB+92R[9


MJL@Z')Y].O6M`C(K)?0X_LQAC95RP;H0.%VX(!&1WQD4`64L[57!$7?.2#QD


&(`VX[_GZTJV\(D\X*-V2


-NP.

@






]

Y8_C5/9(7
H+-GJ



M^:(R0R#JH/'Y5H6^I3JQ5SN(ZBLHI']J\V$D!N3]:L27`$JD`%N_O3:.:=-/


ZY0

T4\8D@8

MM_#^)HQL=WM5I7R15%


4C!^IK!


M/
M9-FM

MZ5TGB88EM_7:W\Q7




5O)I=[;W&^$H0#P=
MV




M;TK!N!P?6NZUQ`;(


MCO8F\^V#'&YUS\OT(R*W@KLQD]Q;%V,EPP#,,A5[=.*C@M8U:,B)%8G=CKW
MJ--1\AS%/`8SNPT4HY4^G_ZN*ZPMH+G:T94X'W1_GZ4U+E-%%2=S&O+&2:X

)\P]34)W

./I5O4+F
VH@M_N@\\5-


M9L\*$_K6K:PQ6-MYUTX&!DG/\JU3T

M/UKT:O

M^?YA[50:34S$P$3$L
!L`$$X]^W.*V2
^GXT8'H*`

M;@

SD
M;OWC*0&(^[Q4M*QE[11?
1U`[U41`FU4&`,?CZG\<N


N<\9233
M:1?/$JMA/D7^5=%IT

S9M2B1''6O$QU-\\*M)ZO?]/^=%.I9-2V-O1=8DB






M;_$74=0TJ[L+J#3+2\M$/S-/!YI5MW;'0?2NZTZY:[TVVNGA
+2Q*YC;JA(!
MQ5OR^QP11L/'.?K0@;T([BW%S`\9XW=ZYYCCL&,-S:LB_WH?NG\#7;5'+;Q
MSILEC5U]*32:U,G$\_,6C7)^6X:,_[I%0'2=')RVH.#[C'\Z[X\




M(TQ




97+ZQK_%*WX#%6HE


_G3?[.FV@&8'W*U/*C559=SFUTZXX)4



MN070AF0#ECS@#UYQ79Z1IJZ98)%P9&Y=@

S/(@;JS;V/TY_GBEB'[O)ZG)_S^E?G

M%`!VS3/

M6
*0S=5!Y^AR..E#D^B'RKN=&#F@]*1`0!GK3JL@Y/68]ERW''6L669=F-HS
MZUT7B%
2@GN*Y:5N2*XJOQ'I8=WBBI

M/UJ$:R
JY8$'VK.?)!3@8[U?N



MZ[KJ0M-C)%4+G]Z
[\'TQ6@\.

MMLT.5[
8&Z4'/J&_\`U?RKDH572FIK=._W?YCEJCTL'BEK/TF\-WI\


C`


=@RQ$['CMWJ5!


5IW$0S]YS_P

CA1C)
;=\^WL?RHYD9




M33=Z8JQ%TD7S-N


ZTN68+&?W@?8`2P.[GC'X4E!('-LUQTI:0=*6K(BBB@`[T4
M=Z*`BBB@`[44=J*`F+U8^]/)XIJ<(/6E<*YF%O;R3









M66AUX5ZM&#/&

M2Q`-9LIY.*Z(G-





52J)\C0)KF
M11.
4TJ
@=!7IX563.2L]1:CF3S(F7C#*1^8J2D/2NHQ/*
M+ID[#N:CC.

M=JQM

M+$\5MR\B1G.

JSM?+

MN7&../KUJS:_8TU$I)(9YX#
H^;IGZ=*`-_M11VHH`****`#O11WHH`***





MX;;V[4

M6.X\Q





T


U8TJ:7$P+

H+F(%54#`;GBD$^I&1CA
*N#MYP

OR8.
\'U)^;KU]/2GW$E@LK/+)


WB#8VD\GDD]:35T-;W
=SM/M3&?C@\TCY(J
G



MU/T-;D'F_B-/*UZ['9B#^8%9L7'2M[QI&%U-)






MB9.RN

21\CCYQ_GUZ5*`&

9QLSIJ*3

M(.S^O'(7\



D(/VY5/I63H


L


MY26SQSVJ@)7
G[AY5(ZL
C%:!
5S'M8CWYJK
RP%8T!8\X')-9ZIFZY;%'4+
MN[O!''?()%CROFXY&3Q5

M%%%`!GBJEY=):P--)]U!^9[`59W`#\






_






MF7

FI^&)+&V5/EN'D.XMZ8
M(%79_A[:
3Y%TZ#^ZR`_RQ78[3ZTZJL3S6//F^&:2'Y]0&/]F
C_`-FK7TWP

[4[\6-I

9O








V4W;0BLM*CCMGDNXP\97!C/1AZ5?AT'0IDWII]OC_=

PQ12
MYI
@=:``\#-




;U`*0
MG[Q_2MW0M-




M&JG2Y1%(=U@QSQUA)[C_`&?;M79K*C@
AW`C((YR*^VP6-IXF'-#?JCGDK$M
M%%%=P@[44=J
4`%%%%`$9IN2ORM^=/I
C%`$
L`D`8':XY##M217!W&.4;


M.&7\*X

M3R@D

5XZPLZ-7G@_3_@FS:E'E9Z=KM@=4TY7




M%=8%HVGVKS

MDQ2T4`)BEHHH`3%&*6B@`I

MHH`3%&*6B@!
48I:*`&L&/3%H%^OK3J*`DQ2T4`)BC%+10`F*
4M%`!28I
M:*`$Q1BEHH`3'%&*6B@!
'.RI9V$=E#Y<0'NQY)]ZM#I2XHQ7JP@H148*R)O
M<6DQ2T5H(3%&*6B@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
/`HHHH`****`BBB@#__9
`
end







begin 644 image_004.jpg



M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#V_5-473$B
M9HC)YA(X.
8K-_X2N/\`Y]'_`.^Q_A1XL_U5K_O-_(5S-?
YEF6)H8F5.G*R

M4LP'))X``ZTUG&
_F_!!]1H=OQ.F_P$LC[6CGZ.*7_A*X_^?1_^^Q_A63#H
MURZ[YMMN@&29#@@?3M^.*L11Z+;,`[RW\Q/0J2#].F?S-=D
3F
M9245YV7

M/Q9!_:
DB!JR[CPQI5QG_0_*8]X6*X_#I^E<U2EC?L5$_E;_,UC4PC^*#7S
MO_D5_P#A*X_^?-_^^Q_A1_PE<?\`SZ/_`-]C_J%QX-D0DV%^1Z)

?J/\*Q


_F_!!]0H=OQ.G_X
M2N/_`)]'_P^Q_A2?\)9&#@V;_\`?8_PKFJ0C(H_MC&?S?@@^HT.WXG3_P#

M&L#1[%SDMG-%97A7_C[N/^N8_G17TN6UYU\


^M'


(+`0Q2J\CB6))45(R6(<X08Z@DYX_V6SC!H`U*
M*S[76+6[N!;()4N/G#12(59FS(/X2(1V(.157_A)[!AF);B08CQMA/)<`JH

^E2(BXW.2$[`=6^G^--`[G_]=([]235QLM6<6)Q7)[L-_P`A
MT]P655P%5?NH/NK[_P#U^M:&DZ
;@+=72MY1/R)T:4_T']/SHT721=$WMVI^
MSJ?E3_GH?3W&?S-=A#$0?

M_D2D)!;B



5SK@'@MM75L2/;!@1VD(QC\&-5/#`O5
M\'27=W=7$TTR22HTLA9E7&%P3TZ9_&K]JN917:YE]6ER.;=K/E^?_`-VRT\V


M


ME;XC26#E&=2%_@U]=O\`
UD\
VT5ZMPDTF!(DK*RHS


;-$Y7JR`$
M@$9QFG_\(AKG_0VWGY/_`/%TG6ES.




M+)EJW1&V










4?5HRG*4^OJ+Z_.%*%.F[63O

MNZT/3KV_AOI[?==0XV2J[*1@Y'0C/XU:O+.#4+22UN8_







MW\A7


MJ'7KZG
[MZ$]%9






MVOL)^5^GL:OT_P`3Z9]@U
R1#$%SF1

MXO=?TCZ6
XU(JI'9DAX.:6@]*0=*XQF]X5'^G7!_Z9@'\Z*=X5_X^[C_`*YC
N!UKE+[PQXC\1(\BR0K'NRL<S
B/*M*\*Z[<*]M/:B-N<32,,`@]0!R?;M4T\.M^#M934%,-QY8&T&
M(;/?C&1GN00<UL6&LWG_``DL*SRR1Q*IC93T+$GJ/3L/I70:[;RZM$;:$EB
M
[VX5?J:]&
;JZW


`$XX'Y5KPW&Z%DS@Y-=D


=SJ-L;_3Y((W(\S;AD?:0





M=@`!UQ@'KQ34Y_RB=.E;XOZ_X!T((89!R*6L_2+.XLK:2.XF\XF4LKE0&*\8

*/E


$54T\W%OJ

M.

MK-FN-TQ+L??!J.2?#[HEX]^E5)9P


M\#ITH&@Z^D91/$T@4+M0&V4XY')).3P#WXS67-IW@QGG8W@B9\#.2HC..



MCPM*XC6=2\KQC$*[BY;`4\`^QSUY//)S-+8:)%=F5KP(I;='Y:KMC.2/O8(&


UT47,=^<JS.
MBB
YW*0






Y[9QG!Q0!;DT_
M4-[-_:9\QE6.



OM*QJ




D
M1^8/JO/]*YL93]I0E'R_+4Z
+4]G6C+S_/0X.S;
17^Z?T/^35BJ%BV)-O\`


M`QZCH
G\*J.QYF+=YI'+_P!J:;(KM-X2O5EF7





MJO!9VK
))4*

GK4?G:_O)\BVVL
MZ@`KG:.AS\_3OW/.






M2GRQ@C'/`&`.G&#SBI(KVT



R[D1AE
M9


9=T;WA7_C]N/\`KF/Y


K

ASQAS:9J+2-MU+;&I`*$EL(%.3D8SSTYZ$

#KR


/GR4&_-?\`I2''<Y7Q.NW7[P#N4/\`XZM//4TGBC_D8KG_
M`(!_Z+%+WKY3

?=Q_US'\Z*




([ETD@'/2HV7CD$U


WJ=S6A\.Z45N+M+QWAN%F6Y99%V2J[$L&('\)+8(P1TS4DMI
MI-]IZ6DVH0S0JK)AS&<[5P3T^\!SD8Q]*HZ=J_A?9%IUG$R#Y411X9/
8$?


<]:3^T;'S/+^V6^\MMV^:N<]

;0

00<@UA6LND:W/<0K;EV7:SE
M\_




%!+$`
M#DD]J%`4`#H*R_$H)\






M64-+&0)3YA!&


E)71A.#@[

?



M5_J`?PK@DA9A2VFA,BK%B^R\B;WQ^8Q4%-LD5O0@TZ




.F

`\_A42-X%5L`\UK^'X?-U6U7''F`_D

%O$]R/




M@N
G#<G`RQ6UO:[










M9F_/Z4Q/#^F(X9;4##^9@



MN;=56#5)EC5@P0@D=^.O3_)R


MXNGAJ?//Y+N-*Y#KFK?;9?(A;_1T/4?QGU^GI6'_`*QN?NCK[GT^@H)
AP.%
M]?\`/^?Z:VBV2SW0ED'^CP8)&/O'LN._T_QKY!NKC
1K\4OP7_`1MI%&[IM@




M/(C.VYI2




&LW[FISU*GM=.AN-XHO9W(ABCB'OR14UOX@NMP
FQU[@#
M%8$ENR
98YF7)&1@$?3FIK.*63
C

M'J#Z5+6-H;_//&#P`IQZ=:V:Z$[HY)*SL%%%%



?JQY-6:N/-]HEVZ#=S#JA_`TR2
MXBBB:21PBJ
DMQBEEGBA`\R1$STW'&:Y[4K6YUFV^UPPW

M-Z


MM=46I(Z4U)&M#




MX?I5Z60!6.
J.H/.?SKHM-TU)(9XI)#D@=.@ZUE:AH\T3'=&64=QTKV83J3@


548S]


MI-ETEG;&&SF8+O\`*6'

@Y_`_D*L:#HGDA;N[3]Z.8XB.$]R/7^





MNI_PJ\C5(8P%;':OL(-3BITW=
\26CY9K4@N+J-8V;RR&'(R!S6+NRK/WS

^O:JA)*294&E)
WO!$P%O+$3S

M_9[AO+8

^22!T_Q-1)4Z47-Z):CC



MC-Q




M&]$4D_I6@-3LXO\`4Z3`#V




;^0KF:^?SC_?)?+\CTL#_`7SBBBO
.P****`$([]ZLV
M]H]Q$9%9%`)&&)[#)[=.:KT9(Q@D8.1@]#5P

QB+1L0LC9!./D

ZG5_@5;
















)V?WA

M/W9X5_X$3_2HSX)U$'BXM2/=F']***M91AEW^_\`X!:S/$=U]PG_``A.I?\`

];?_OIO\*/^$7O



 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Major classes of property and equipment&#13;at March 31, 2015 and 2014 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;632,596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;372,617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;58,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;705,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;389,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(159,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(87,146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;545,454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;302,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment not in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;545,454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Estimated future amortization expense&#13;related to intangible property as of March 31, 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 71%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Later years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;348,868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 13. Business Segments&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended March 31, 2015&#13;and 2014 we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Australia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;65,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;204,499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;44,325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;211,467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;110,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;All of our assets are located in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2015&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;58,911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;28.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;135,340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;64.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers representing more&#13;than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;67,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Note 14. Subsequent Events&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Management has evaluated all activity and concluded&#13;that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial statements or disclosure in the notes to&#13;the financial statements except as for the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrant, $0.23&#13;per share, was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $0.13&#13;per share, ($216,531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The balance at March 31, 2015 was comprised&#13;of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;420,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(94,886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;325,114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The balance at March 31, 2015 was comprised of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;775,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(77,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;697,024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 5. Short-Term Notes Payable (Related&#13;and Unrelated)&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2013, we closed an offering&#13;of $775,000 in short-term notes payable (&amp;#147;Short-Term Notes&amp;#148;), $500,000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder,&#13;$100,000 was purchased by the family trust of an officer, director and significant shareholder and $100,000 was purchased by a&#13;company controlled by a director and significant shareholder. During 2014 the $100,000 that was purchased by the family trust of&#13;an officer, director and significant shareholder is no longer considered to be owned by the officer as he is no longer, nor is&#13;any other related party, the trustee and does not exercise control over the trust and is not classified as a related party debt.&#13;The Short-Term Notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum and were due and payable on December 20, 2014. We also issued 1,291,667&#13;warrants to the Short-Term Note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder&#13;to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per share, may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable&#13;for a period of five years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with the guidance in ASC&#13;Topic 470-20 &lt;i&gt;Debt with Conversion and Other Options &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 470&amp;#148;), we first calculated the fair value of the warrants&#13;issued and then determined the relative value of the Short-Term Notes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The relative value of the warrants was&#13;$298,232, which was the amount recorded as debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount was amortized over the life of&#13;the note, one year, and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately&#13;52% but paid cash at a rate of 2% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We exercised our right to extend the&#13;due date of the Short-Term Notes to June 20, 2015. The extended Short-Term Notes bear at the rate of 3% per annum and required&#13;us to issue additional warrants (&amp;#147;Extension Warrants&amp;#148;). We issued 898,842 warrants to the Short-Term Note holders for&#13;the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at&#13;a price of $0.485 per share, may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of three years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed above we accounted for&#13;the warrants as per the guidance in ASC 470. The relative value of the new warrants, $164,638, was the amount recorded as the new&#13;debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount is being amortized over the life of the note, six months, and charged to interest&#13;expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 53% but pay cash at a rate of 3% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrant, $0.23&#13;per share, was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The balance at March 31, 2015 was comprised of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;775,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(77,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;697,024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 6. Convertible Note (Related and&#13;Unrelated)&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2012, we closed an offering&#13;of $440,000 of convertible notes&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The notes bear interest at a rate of&#13;12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6, 2013. In addition, the notes were convertible at any time after the original&#13;issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.372 per share. We also issued&#13;956,519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitled the holder to&#13;purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per share for a term of seven years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;When the convertible notes were due&#13;we settled the notes by repaying $40,000 of the notes in cash, issuing new convertible notes in the amount of $400,000 and received&#13;payment for another note in the amount of $20,000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and are due and payable&#13;on September 6, 2015. In addition the new notes are convertible at any time after the original issue date until the new notes are&#13;no longer outstanding, into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also issued warrants to the new note&#13;holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common&#13;stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1,680,000 warrants issued. The warrants issued with the original notes were cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with the guidance in ASC&#13;470, we first calculated the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined&#13;that there was a beneficial conversion feature.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $0.13&#13;per share, ($216,531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The relative value of the warrants to&#13;the notes was $142,873, which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We also recorded a beneficial conversion&#13;feature on the convertible notes of $125,905. The amounts recorded as debt discount are being amortized over the life of the notes,&#13;two years, and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 74% but&#13;will be paying cash at a rate of 12% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The balance at March 31, 2015 was comprised&#13;of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable, related and unrelated parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;420,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized Debt discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(94,886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;325,114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;We lease office space under a non-cancelable operating lease,&#13;which expires October 31, 2014. We renewed the lease and it will now expire on November 7, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The aggregate minimum requirements under non-cancelable leases&#13;as of March 31, 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fiscal Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91,881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;54,529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;145,410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 9. Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and&#13;a three year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&amp;#147;Unit&amp;#148;&#13;or &amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;). We sold 1,600,000 units representing 1,600,000 shares and warrants to purchase 800,000 shares for total&#13;consideration of $400,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $123,496,&#13;was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with an allocation of the proceeds applied to&#13;the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated to the shares of common stock issued.&#13;The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in&#13;the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During July and August of 2013 we completed&#13;an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock, a three-year&#13;warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless&#13;basis), and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&amp;#147;Unit&amp;#148;&#13;or &amp;#147;Units) for total consideration of $1,906,500 less $267,645 in cost for a net amount received of $1,638,855.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, estimated&#13;at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $3,089,919. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds&#13;received from the sale of the units. Accordingly, the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock, has been included&#13;in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 - 5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;87 - 106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.67 - 1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During March 2014 we completed an offering&#13;of common stock units at a price of $.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, a three-year warrant to purchase&#13;one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis), and a five-year&#13;warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share for total consideration of&#13;$2,500,000 less $27,675 in cost for a net amount received of $2,472,325. Included in the cost of the offering is value of Units&#13;issued to legal counsel for services in connection with the offering.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, estimated&#13;at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $1,001,396. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds&#13;received from the sale of the units. Accordingly, the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock, has been included&#13;in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we terminated a contract with a non-employee. All previously unvested stock option expense attributed to the non-employee, in the&#13;amount of $14,747 was reversed and credited to general and administrative expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Certain previously granted restricted&#13;stock rights and stock options were subject to performance conditions. As a result of the employee termination the performance&#13;conditions will not be met. In accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;), previously&#13;recognized unvested equity based compensation cost of $103,488 has been reversed during the year ended March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014&#13;we issued 600,000 shares of common stock to officers and directors of the Company for services rendered. In accordance with ASC&#13;718 compensation expense in the amount of $240,000 was recognized in the statement of operations for the year ended March 31, 2014.&#13;The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we issued 55,000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC 505, the&#13;value of the shares was charged to expense in the amount of $28,730. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value&#13;of the shares on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we issued options to purchase 800,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share to a Director of the Company.&#13;The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 3 years from the date of issuance, February 14, 2014. The fair&#13;value of the options, $115,119, which was charged to expenses, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option&#13;pricing model with the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All other previously outstanding stock&#13;options issued to employees were cancelled during the year ended March 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2015&#13;we completed two offerings of common stock units at a price of $0.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock&#13;and a five year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (&amp;#147;Unit&amp;#148;&#13;or &amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;). We sold a total of 11,044,000 units representing 11,044,000 shares and warrants to purchase 5,522,000&#13;shares for total consideration of $5,522,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $1,842,613&#13;was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with an allocation of the proceeds applied to&#13;the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated to the shares of common stock issued.&#13;The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in&#13;the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2015&#13;we issued 900,000 shares of common stock to an officer and two employees of the Company for services rendered. In accordance with&#13;ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;), compensation expense in the amount of $446,460 was recognized&#13;in the statement of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Also during the year ended March 31,&#13;2015, we issued 155,000 shares of our restricted common stock to legal counsel and a consultant to the Company. In accordance with&#13;ASC Topic 505, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees (&amp;#147;ASC 505&amp;#148;), expense in the amount of $113,845 was recognized&#13;in the statement of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Additionally, during the year ended&#13;March 31, 2015 we issued 64,100 shares of our Common Stock to a Director. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading&#13;value of the shares on the date of grant. The shares vest over a one year period and are being amortized over that period. The&#13;unamortized balance is shown as Unearned Services in the equity section of the Balance Sheet.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We also issued options to purchase&#13;600,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.45 per share to two officers and directors and a director of&#13;the Company. The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 5 years from the date of issuance, January&#13;21, 2014. The fair value of the options, $179,581, which was charged to expenses, was estimated at the date of grant using&#13;the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2015&#13;we issued 150,000 options to a director of the Company. The exercise price of the options is $0.54 per share, which was the fair&#13;market value of the option on the date of grant and is exercisable for a period of 5 years. The options vest on the first anniversary&#13;of the issuance, October 14, 2015. The unamortized balance is shown as Unearned Services in the equity section of the Balance Sheet.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the option, $0.3814&#13;per share, ($57,209 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions&#13;and is being written off over a 1 year period:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following is a summary of outstanding stock options issued&#13;to employees and directors as of Mach 31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;remaining term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding April 1, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;750,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45 - 0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,550,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45 - 0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,400,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45 &amp;#150; 0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 10. Outstanding Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of all outstanding&#13;warrants as of March 31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;intrinsic value at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placements of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,664,312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25 - 1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,907,650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with short-term notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,190,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;64,583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 11. Interest Expense&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Interest expense includes direct interest of&#13;$68,044 and $63,276 for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, calculated based on the interest rate stated in&#13;our debt instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In addition as more fully described in Note&#13;6 above, interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $448,970 and $228,165 for the years ended March&#13;31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of all outstanding&#13;warrants as of March 31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;intrinsic value at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placements of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,664,312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25 - 1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,907,650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,680,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with short-term notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,190,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;64,583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following is a summary of outstanding stock options issued&#13;to employees and directors as of Mach 31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;remaining term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding April 1, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;800,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;750,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45 - 0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding March 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,550,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45 - 0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,400,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45 &amp;#150; 0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The aggregate minimum requirements under non-cancelable leases&#13;as of March 31, 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fiscal Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91,881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;54,529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income tax provision (benefit) for the&#13;years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,015,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(790,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(98,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(76,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,114,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Increase in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,114,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs&#13;from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax&#13;effect of the differences are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Components of the net deferred income tax assets at March&#13;31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,820,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,820,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31, 2015, we have a net&#13;operating loss carry forward of approximately $7,562,400. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used,&#13;this carry forward will expire as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 77%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;345,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,840,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,324,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended March 31, 2015&#13;and 2014 we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Australia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;65,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;204,499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;44,325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;211,467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2015&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;58,911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;28.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;135,340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;64.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers representing more&#13;than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;67,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 7. Long term Debt&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Barfresh Food Group Inc., (&amp;#147;we,&amp;#148;&#13;&amp;#147;us,&amp;#148; &amp;#147;our,&amp;#148; and the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) was incorporated on February 25, 2010 in the State of Delaware.&#13;We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages, particularly, smoothies, shakes and frappes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements&#13;have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company&#13;balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We consider all highly liquid investments&#13;with an original maturity of three months or less, at the time of purchase, to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amount of cash on deposit with financial&#13;institutions exceeds the $250,000 federally insured limit at March 31, 2015. However, we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds&#13;$250,000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;(&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 820,&lt;i&gt; Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;), provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required&#13;about fair value measurements. Specifically, ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing&#13;the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities&#13;and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices are&#13;available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included&#13;in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed on the New York Stock&#13;Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Pricing inputs are&#13;other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types&#13;of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with&#13;models using highly observable inputs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Significant inputs&#13;to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with&#13;inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine&#13;the fair value of financial transmission rights.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our financial instruments consist of&#13;accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, amounts due to a related party, notes payable, and convertible notes.&#13;The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are typically unsecured.&#13;Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.&#13;As of March 31, 2015 there is an allowance for doubtful accounts $65,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are comprised of patents,&#13;net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent, which is twenty years from the date of filing&#13;the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350&lt;i&gt; Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 350&amp;#148;), the costs&#13;of internally developing other intangible assets, such as patents, are expensed as incurred. However, as allowed by ASC 350, costs&#13;associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties, legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property, plant and equipment is stated&#13;at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis&#13;over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of&#13;the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated&#13;useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Furniture and fixtures:&#13;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Equipment: 7 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Leasehold improvements:&#13;2 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Vehicles 5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize revenue when there is persuasive&#13;evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable, and collection&#13;is reasonably assured.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenditures for research activities&#13;relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $51,465 and $47,035, in research&#13;and development expenses for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rent Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize rent expense on a straight-line&#13;basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840,&lt;i&gt; Leases &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASC 840&amp;#148;). In addition, our&#13;lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the rent&#13;holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore, rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy&#13;date. Deferred rent was $1,484 and $1,866 at March 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively and will be charged to rent expense over the&#13;life of the lease.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate net loss per share in accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 260,&lt;i&gt; Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average&#13;number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock&#13;equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31, 2015 and 2014 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive&#13;as we had losses for the years then ended.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair&#13;Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 820,&lt;i&gt; Fair Value&#13;Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;), provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands&#13;disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically, ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and&#13;establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active&#13;markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy&#13;as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets&#13;and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed&#13;on the New York Stock Exchange.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the&#13;reported date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or&#13;contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level&#13;3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included&#13;in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models&#13;and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property, plant and equipment is stated&#13;at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis&#13;over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of&#13;the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated&#13;useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Furniture and fixtures:&#13;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Equipment: 7 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rent Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The estimated useful lives used for&#13;financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Furniture and fixtures:&#13;5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Equipment: 7 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Leasehold improvements:&#13;2 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 2. Property Plant and Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Major classes of property and equipment&#13;at March 31, 2015 and 2014 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;632,596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;372,617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;58,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;705,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;389,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(159,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(87,146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;545,454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;302,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment not in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;59,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;545,454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;362,078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 3. Intangible Assets&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31, 2015 and 2014, intangible&#13;assets primarily consists of patent costs of $748,806 and $736,648, less accumulated amortization of $97,373 and $35,994, respectively&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014,&#13;we acquired at a cost of $672,157, all of the international patent rights for a pre-portioned, ready to blend packet for beverages,&#13;particularly, smoothies, shakes and frappes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amounts carried on the balance sheet&#13;represent cost to acquire, legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated&#13;through the expiration date of the patent, which is December, 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent&#13;costs was $61,378 and $30,892 for the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Estimated future amortization expense&#13;related to intangible property as of March 31, 2015 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 71%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Later years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;348,868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;651,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 4. Advance from Related Party&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended March 31, 2014&#13;we received a cash advance from an affiliate of a director and shareholder of the Company in the amount of $672,157 (Australian&#13;$710,000), which was used for the purchase of certain international patent rights. The advance was repaid with interest calculated&#13;at 6.0% per annum, $5,617. The repayment was made in the form of a note in the amount $200,000 and cash of $451,495, which was&#13;net of a foreign exchange gain of $26,280, as payments were due in Australian dollars.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3 - 5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;87 - 106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.67 - 1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following assumptions were used&#13;in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the options, $115,119,&#13;which was charged to expenses, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following&#13;assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the options, $179,581,&#13;which was charged to expenses, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following&#13;assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the option, $0.3814&#13;per share, ($57,209 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions&#13;and is being written off over a 1 year period:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;91.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 12. Income Taxes&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income tax provision (benefit) for the&#13;years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,015,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(790,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(98,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(76,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,114,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Increase in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,114,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;866,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs&#13;from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax&#13;effect of the differences are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Components of the net deferred income tax assets at March&#13;31, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,820,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,820,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,706,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 740 requires a valuation allowance&#13;to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of evidence, it is more than likely than not that some portion&#13;or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative,&#13;management has determined that a $2,820,800 and $1,706,500 allowance at March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, is necessary to&#13;reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The change in the valuation allowance&#13;for the current year is $1,114,300.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31, 2015, we have a net&#13;operating loss carry forward of approximately $7,562,400. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used,&#13;this carry forward will expire as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 77%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;345,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,840,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,324,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,987,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BRFH_DirectorAndShareholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_PercentageOfInterestPaidToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BRFH_DirectorAndShareholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_InterestExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'

M+GAM;
W:2V[;
!`&X*L8VA86S9?Z0)Q-TVT;H+T`*XTMP:)(D(SCW+ZDG!2M
MX19)&P/_QK(\Y

6V)VMB[3Q-.;)QP9J4

)T;U;T+
MN^_.[5[S
:%R51UU2Q_RPI&,T])7GR;HY'EU/]5^^E):5V@9Q4LR_X4O0F


@J
M4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM`D56@RI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(

MU\=43'X

MN[_8_`)02P
$%`````@`
(3G1A?
@O0




[EXY1NGW*9
MANNM[S2JF^'&_^1[Y
_1E2__59V/


G3Y7S=Y4B@BD



/ZIWJ*Y&%$-:=;I




[M41S)*PHQDW.$&=1,^]S
M+0(?5?B-C+]B=@.G6W5O0ZK6V7;B


M:4`/&4(_(F
MD_#

IT$

$9?H]EJ7ICID@


Z

M8NEDZZ8DZV#8LY#_@$P/QP`IPFE.4=D82%W;BG^1H7B/^ZP/*=!9GBK\^,@
M^^`HY#SDZ"'LR_?\JWIN?\Y#O+4(F&=I;1S?7#
[4G;$/V346.N9_%93CF
MVTKPPT5N4G5O$]#DM6RKOMJK+CD-;#]X!XAM+ZK


!J9S]6
M:\?1TDB`@LE]E`6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@X_%X.+;+


@
M`%AP=M;

MQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0'`*D3&6H8;XM

MZ#


^8



=4KY
I




[82EQB\

N10
M[I*0!A
!S93)1/`@F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*L`P%


M/TL'?!^2!F.
6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


$%```
M``@`

WKU@V^V#QW

MV;NS






W8A



MK33_@$/U_TB[[''2O#^4YM0=0*O-Z#09:Q3$):&*\)4&9-K!Z.;=K[_38.A
M.9-%TUM8JT*Q_L_J1-%D4Y12=4W

$%`````@`



MFULL9%V(B]H315S6ZYM'2Q-BH)
OB_;]EC3'WM9C-9+A:`S$L.4NJU*
2I

MW]::

M\TX0Z.Z(D??

MJ

'4'L$

M]_3@;SZ\QFC[F+%]%W5(#Q[JS9OV*80HM'W\KB;F%37O*#I&V\=L)[/UGO#V

M%8E%4Y9GM.^Z_F)D^YEG3=Y\^?K\/U!+`P04``````PA.=&XI+Q?)@``#F

M[P:V]1O.QTT0L+K!/6(O9
2#^'

MUM^!S1'D$J(0?UK\8%K=DX
_$?(N&[_.6S^48\`=KKD

O6-<=(_*;[7H\^I;`=5/J8_,9QI9@*<7`AP-1)B&9M!!`[3$
R'^1@BF




3H\0*DIHE9-*QVR[4(V1FXZTPN47%




M@


BYX;6R%F-N.VS80AE_%\/U&FN%1



M7.WVPUA$Y0\?KG1U/9;D:_Z^%/JSSC&0GM]+_WUJKK?_6O6N;.M_SH?AY-WF



(J4*Y*GJL0@%7X




M&
S%2420&JJJ750:S:)=.XD3T!A
;2=

-C5Q/BK







MUDXBA!!



T\N

Q^L=F$0`L(7PT)J&N

A<8H0
M]



58M@1F`

62!T/9#Y/1Z[G:'LTQM-?]^7



S[#E
6E




MR_KGHVVJ_DM[L6?WYJ7MFFIPM]UKUE\Z6QTFHZ;.(
]5UE2G\W*SGIY]ZS;K



MR7G^UP_ZX7


M)0V$-Q`?'HJD@?0&\L-`)PV4-U!W`S;%D
W)FE*]KX9JL^[:ZZ*;Z^-2C67(

S@B-NOWC2G6V?LX#H)L9PA






HL-(.B;T8S0G29=Q%)3),@4
MB`P9]+8(UXN,%L38P.(FR-'G'3D07[!D(GQ$!\S+PJZO$J


2:
M7

*R6:

AII28(2EF

6)2$XHLQ(

]?0C?_`U!+`P04````
M``PA.=&PNM13LT!``!'!```&````'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M;'U4VVZC

W:J:Z%X!

MK1


M2^EB

MOPK!#.OII_EQ38K][FUOH-AMWZ:.F.:P:&#17!7;T/MU-'.$#2'*0!ZE2!


N


MZ@%XXY1G
_%-1T*1&BID0U$4D\)8;=F:+'P

4821O-Y`2S'A#RN['=-:6H$P9Y$@'C'1RNAZ`D0Z]



Q6

MJ=#;RBJ%/N:8AHQI5F8:IJBRZ







+B184[.-UPD%V@K4






M$A&2JY*4E?Y]^9`5IW!](;G+F=E9/JH9S:L=`!QY4U+;`QV





M*&FAXY-T+SA_@Z6%;1!L4-HXDF:R#M6%0HGB;VD6.LYSVBGSA7:;4R$8B5\
MSJ+Q5C:_
(=KRN#




M![1OK@7PY$
KX[:T];[;




ME8S$T_51_3%U&]SOA8




E]L:/AS=GY]=YS].=
M?
&+O!

/';'


_$


#19$DTA:









^^B`0``L0

M$A&2JY*4E?Y]^9`5)W!](;G+F=E9/JH9S:L=`!QY4U+;/1V



=#MZ6.^.Y0!$0&_!
%RAO)11H+S9XD?
]E
1

Z?[/Q;CI$!]Y$




*KI0;C)!IB
MH=G1^]5VGT=$`KQ*&-W9FD3O!\2W&#S5.YI%Z@\E%!A.D(#Z!4%`J%_\R:
MGR4C\7Q]4O^9N@WN#\+!`ZK?LO9=
)M14D


M



XOT]=7


!#\%8(?$




M9DM)'_[/$BAH?5Q^#VN;GU0./`[G#[+\TNH_4$L#!!0````(`#$YT97ZM-

!#\

MHV0@7J[/ZM]BM][]45AX1/5;-J[W9C-*&FC%I-P+SM]A:6$;!&M4-HZDGJQ#


/X@
MZR^M_@)02P,$%`````@`,(3G1A72HW&A`0``L0,``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T


[6Y/H?8_X&H/O
M[986T0(H:'Q4$&$ZP!

'NGRXJ]@AEU@
M=AG#



UP


CKM_OX`=-^DE+\`,YYPYPR4?
MT+ZX%L3-ZV



#
M*$GPYFC<2MU'1)$?BL5ZG;-#%#K#[$8,'S$S@@7UN03_OL2.G]#YU_3E!8?+
M1%]^<G@FL+H@L$HJXLMGF-^?C3LY4@VW2TW&DQ-[X\?#F[/PZ[WBZDW=X

:`X_=\8/



\42K1XSK

M2




MJ^L`/'G3RK@=[;SOMXRYJ@
MW`WV8
).@U8+'T+;


MPVJ[SR
B`7Y+&-W9FD3O!\37&/RL=S2+%D!!Y:.-
1'D&I*!0*_YTU/TI&





5#L9/A[=DE]?YP-.=?
#+



M:

/N
MX1FS(%A07TKP_Y?8\S


$%`````@`
(3G1JMESGM.


MPZ25_]Y)OS2-X7S^8/]NCZO=/V))7CG]TYY4H[W-$G`B9WREZIT//\C]#$M#
M6'

^OX*&3=_(85KDK!








MZ3A2XVA\+MYRNKS.A]1$]@:ORD%T\%/83AI'3NA#9U-O6D0/P41QMZ6D#_]G
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(T+GAM;'U3RV[;,!#\%8(?$$JT
MG*:&+!.4+2'`D$.[9F65A(1DJN0E)7^?4E*5ISS87/F=G97;*<T+ZX'L3
M-ZV

+=X``FW+1HM?!A:SOF!@NB222M&
^R6Z:%-+0JT]F3


M+$V:I_FFR!?:=0)?'PEW&7)^!PHV7P47E2EQ8G8N;2#B!W,=SP4HB;!FZ/Q
M*F4?$55YJCB_*]DIGW`'&8



M='


M'5W1T\&S;#L7#EA9L(572PV]E=@3`\V.WJ^V^W5`1

M]8YFP0(HJ%Q0$'XZP@

9
M)34T8E3N&:=?
2YZN'8/0!\P^
M87C$G!'



M^$;:HWFW-8`C'UHU=D]KY]H=8S:O00M[@RTT?J9$HX7SJ:F8;0V((I*T8CQ)


$%`````@`
(3G1B[WM


M
W%









VRC@L<%''?_?KDX;EJE?0%F..?



MSIKO(0/Q\GQ6_Q&K]=D?A84'5']E[3J?;$9)#8T8E7O&Z2?
)=P&P0J5C2NI

M=MPWHB(^-TO#5:P^(



MJKJAG*@GT=/.S!R%Y$2;KCQ!U4M*#JZ(

M`G7FG

.%1;B$+];

!1R-G\1C2I2BD&(




BJXC(
MRB

Q/*'B


MK@UW\!^%T-2X2)_


THJJ$6O_`L.OV!*


3YC%C&!!?0[!




MQ9G0AZ@VIMUCK/





M)LE
X#%H


M

MQTU6;EX



H%

PH

M
'G)O5MISN3Z]P_A64GU!+`P04``````P
MA.=&/Y[E

4R35E)]#


MQ7M
B!92QG\GS;NE)KKCF_JKJ5:E/R!]XS\Z8ZR56&C`!SQ5V(_&#C&YY*
MR+5@PX@P_ZY


MV30=`1IVZ:7]@.?5N:^])/IR?EO?J7YGV]-=IJX&=
:_$#]WO0`')M75-Y?W


M9JD4#9+MW=;4_H5X2\Q%Y

K+!:7BS0B/


X_`8N0@F;RC
68Q'63I

-




9]189Z0?L'@






XV_I)JI<H[+D*;NM
M%UZUAX%LW;-5J!(CU[X$BW69C.?8MO?&?C03XQ_X5:;(!]++R+;GBMT$MH\
M'M?^1@@-)KSP(0M09V9Z.5!HM-T^FKWTS]P?M!@N0[O\.8I_4$L#!!0````(

B3CC9]7%?ZWO-05_PJVJ9GST
T7KN.#O\VK.6W=0SC


S\

98/=+I


R+8S29UGR!65D6A9?'



:2

/BWYY0/NZ.+@OO'?G5IF%LK#


-F5X-4(+S-YA
M,X5.:4LLTF]8?)5L)DBS#?;Y:
M$4`+`7].-

M_


M+W-H965T

*K:1:71+-JU`R:@
9BQ

(=?^QZQOR=



M21Z)5E[9RX#@1JAN(OO




O[4M9G_WI*'#U@?^8^*UOE9301%'LQV







TN`I504VJ7`
JH$

!XZ9'UK(\3*-.@%%@.

$
M%`````@`

M\N'-






2&Q`\LF03$
S/\HT

2-XDB2!1*

M9S?F%J0F4/P$W$-$.-

M%8:

(S\0A'I$IHPR#+97.P.G;N07-KRA)5)8RIX-9

M8$%6)''LG1.!$CX@X0O/R`(E:42OK=.[(6Q&([M
-LYJ&B)`U8K4X[S.]`

M
S!08H7T`?^PH'GP.)


47Z)PE8N




$%`````@`


6MDP!\7



^S94ZRPDEN.
DB)YEQ8I1&
M4;+


MY[


$%`````@`
(3G1B*).



@[HH
M&W^UG

/E

P&,!O`U8#%I`&?
M#?B'@2`-HMD@^BJ#F`W$AT$TQ5*O?8I<7O3%:MFJL]?J=!^+L:K80@RYV7A#
MN#I_?#4E9$2LEF\KGHIE\#9.A#/&@
:PZV8W
2P*R(8/+BZ`6XW'@%1Q#:*

F3.0.6$K0

1!8Z@C;JH+NQ0X.)@;7.\AFD



M(A;

?QQPE71#ZGTI^#N%MZSF8*$D+$D.
M)F9$C]B.@5(N`)
IME9R/H/F/$60)HXM!BB%`ZQP]I(`4[FH708HY0*L-YE5
M!Q`(#!#FH40)D)3$ULK+$2AR9HG2&T!ZDX1V'BQ*#I$%2D8`R4C
[2E*C!2)
MT+TB2D?`U!'7=\`

MZ+.M@%

MJA_.L].)=*=4+P?'P[NA:P^RV%X?*KGKQ]MDN&_UV5X_].IX^:GB^GO)ZC]0
M2P
$%`````@`

`TE
DER!)!/(:A:2


$%`````@`
(3G1C0F$T^T`0``#`0`


#@$/O


K

M-'(5QRFMK+-+V7(!O130N8`FXTDHVOS

MEF+W`='4YZ;

M
CG8T'N7*KE

%7$?/A8;C:K99WJ@4YUIU
N




WY5

MP

.9
MQ**-8HH)ER6BE4PC2X_OF6X7


MXDH7O2W;BG

M+GAM;'U4V6ZC


*0?6_`W`U[7&*SQMOK.NMWR!5
@;KA




M^^0W#B0/$EF


MWCFUUKW
L1#06#^]=W


5.F'W[]4%AU!EUH[D(!GZI



DE'Q]ZZ^
MM
'S;&C\4]-\'][\N;F?9T




H






;/
#!`==?59#-\+Q[:D735.(R,X@2$P#75RC1Y`2PL55.%R`1#00HH'9
M9('$*B3M@T'$.B9-KZ9`'*HI6<N&DH\U1(.P<1#40Z%690XA!`QS6TF0$(
M;-+82H@!71#CZX
7_7K&(`E'19H;?HE6(+01+WIDPACHO*3B-D&@P0T$*9

#7)10A12MLVE/P!J3_$LP?#


$




UIX_?WJ__`6#U/U!+`P04````



M([\`AC/GS-ASP#07

?F'P0)S[J)WLQ#4SI




0

MJ((:`+


M:&5E='





MF
T]G?R)L4^]^'D^^*'.@5!22DV!U7`C+X12S:24_]Y)OS5UX'S^8'\UVU7I





XA4=9P.!#;9;H`AE
M*SJN)@)P@_

%Z[C@Y_MZSE


SM
M`UG


M?M66G!20DUIR



MQD.6\TK?)Q(R%;9

MV#)-F;B9DI5


MU/1C\
]BGS9JG^
M!U!+`P04``````PA.=&LWSXE(D``!6@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

RYX;6R-5MN.FS`4_!7$!P3;V%PB@M1L5;4/E5;[T#X[B9.@!9QB






O'8Q

M`NP@P)



=@R
]@R/E7FWMG

Y5E(<Z:=3V\2J3.G%/Y;P]
C+L@#JZ!MZYIM0V$91'.O&/'

M3+DOJL]*WZE!(C3#S]VO1M'OT/BB;9.P!,!SX28/0D$R&Y$5)7J7?FZOI&
M-2T+*48D_5D
U!YYO$U
YVIDBE&!W7+MLHBRN)19MGBQ6ZP^P]!CM
/-
MHSZGP%^GV.
%':\EJ):(!*]G2!X4D3A^X@WF^;I`^D`@=0+IU(7\WF3OR_`8

V?-]&J&P_+?.MQ'I-LW0YY


$+9[L&W[SGXE/6``I]







M@CEX#'88-!HSZDP
LI#GA$QW


&UL?53;CILP$/T5BP]8



M%/IDM)$GIU*J/6(LLPH8D4^\A4;O%%PPHO12E%BV`DAN28QBSW4CS$C=.&EB


M'


=


/:W
&UL?91+
M;Z
P%(7_BL5^:O-*
$8A,%MXJ4]-]I.X#S#DZ]J
M.72J%1V24!^#A_!0I%;A!*\M#&K61Y;]),2['?RMC@&Q

EH6S=$HR&:#&&R:8A'0_S-@#V9J^L7U33/




_\=2+]RJL#I^
'^HN7*\D^8DV=:_ZG.HI35

$#&'+`6@(
M0&
`
H6;1+K


MA*:6-.DL3;)

M-PFVN0`&6P0'$\$P8_JMAF&#AS3+!&87



!#]%8(?$&ISTAJR







M0XON=AAU=I:7`X/&N.V#W:OPO
/!R.$RK



&1-5K-IIB,T^23,&3!WGPDL\+




MTL^:*G#^?LO^72]7TG\EG%:L^5/OQ4FR#7UO3P_DTH@7=OU!QS4D*N&.-5S_



`

6]-S&6O4D=15(C


E7B&%BXN4BRCOLURTT4EAX@O/&P@I!1M!X
MW&
4Q8NGW8#A-
66PPJ.^_T$:(5T=R\Z`-WH-1QF4%8'A!DEE2N*XOQ&L$
MCN=&$251'XK;.DGV0VB5V&`


M$`0K1#%!^-[M@EF?T=+^J/LO[NW8I1/#?_DT._5X3TCU*7?S6]G[#9W:9YJR
M.)

M:&5E='

RYX;6R-5MN.FS`4_!7$!RSX`B010=I-5+4/E5;[T#X[
MQ$G0`DYM9[/]^_I%X9-WD(MIDS
S[VL2FOC+^+$Z4R^NS:7JSCDY3G59*(

TSSI2-/'56G&7GE5LHMLFYZ^

L;MFX[VHF%]Q.EA'3^#U19D&F(0
MOQIZ%9-VI
WO&'O7G1_[=9QJ#[2EM=041#T^Z(:VK692RG\&TKNF#IRV;^S?
MS'25_1T1=


$`-`2@1P/P$(#O`=BDQD[%)&)+)*E*SJX1








TF\-S*6
MQ+JN6O=::]4?BF(CMFGR]VU\FFW3S1^_&4UFWX@/JV5:_/&;V\UF_?3)DV)^


D62J.Q=O+







ED`[!;B^V@9I?
8
M-@3LI7#SIT9&2MCC

M:\DGUJ4JL^3ZI9)ILD-F%?PGD=W=N`#-_S;5S!TES7=0RS+$1M)I/@;F%K

!27%C7@79V!*Q^#^=&8

M`
J&ILL

M=)LM%\!L_XL0=7-O(`$0C#S%@MG70;_7Q_\+\%3$^VBY!7B-?/@+_D\4S-VB


M5F;

MOHA75W%N()7&@^``1\_3T&[)P;L[J)QXC/FQ,ZV)4N^ES9V9*PPM#7)?]D





M66&WP`W
7Y-?QTU_A$B`.1DHVFC




<B[9'-;0RLK;O]9
M=;=;`@W,M`[181DUUZ]YG*L5WCA\I#<I`FL`AWUDE4C





MZ%)HF^BQ&H.#TP^H60.7(X1XQV@%
C

`Y

&(8P3)8SY(ZET]D'+.(BZO%]!#G
MYQ0`H4[T%$@OV8C72?$SDRY!N92/T&C!UY-\L4`+!A]YLM'UK\81['BX(6

U%T!_E;%XY

MFD.3*)?H7(UR`






M=36^YY%V!.HZ:73EQC+GRD$9S+






/H5R`Q.UY)]2\$96`9(L!%2CK




'O]U*+4AH2




FT\IB!H]A'#2!;;,%R
M6VB#T!5Q!6-F4[=1?L.((4658+<'[;N'@%6_B(-1X`_'',UU,)SX_<'(YPMA
M7HM'W@QMPM+`TR\<W04PFB=0L00)&K[L+3&
5=3UGY&G9NV+_@J(W$]XZ


WL&C^=FA1VP`3+IHD:TW
MFOZ'@`:]#/44
O11^K

1P/]!4X[HTV
M

G+Y5KQ=DTQ#A#GNSTJ60#`Z

MC'_?&16O@+6%





'N-I7)'1AOTZ]VN-'#

0M*1;VU(B:?6:397WS(VXF*#W
MM`2BO_XS3KGV(1O&)L'-E/


Y



TW+9$^))JHU^B[D1@9E5&-3!EH-'#T7O/6
M4]['5'=)BF&(PY

M



MX3J.\#:5;
0(V#S#@



MF


R'V1DU/Z]DX?7R2H;3L!B3
M[+J\N,/1RQ-!2700SJ9^/:NQE\TB5;:@N2OU`*YZSJWLQF-Y[Y4HFL'SMS&


/9GP:3F







M)*\Y(849
+JQK$8&K*=5I*D

00SWJ$L






&LD#
D%8!O
M6E4IO#KK\
I-E'EIF#%3YC\AV#C34$9*^W7.4W8GF-&GJ+'Q.H8:?
5[9+[2

F!KU!M.]^`RK&Q3?X=(TO$ZL15''@Q2-.F.Q
M$;#W8
8R[N_+6(2#L;@8WN

MF:LBBV5





6;'1GFDV#J4\RJJIV&

`U(\K7

1HUSL$0
MU

/VW(R4W\R




M9F5.7L425WCR[GC[PG3+M0M,HR#I://RT.3H(0N!$HW]()@`.QHM#?T2MI#
MGX(5C%XS`*(R-H9^8`Q]A903;MZF&II56KMJN6;J@$J:QR3$I7))DHI4UJ;

)?&82$]5'(#M7?:C#@\B[+K

(Z
MU/-TZC%P9.QP\57;05LI7J5(=D`Y$WW5B!RH&:4I%F8K$/7DQ!5.J@@6:9[)
MJ['/RQC:L)YB



MU7





M

0?Y2B'LRE&9]*G




TAQ]N




\?X]&MD8MW49TX



3E.
M?^\M[`_]X6PFAD.



W(!-AR6T+YA

M!%/2(\H/YP*+&^('=AYA16B0!E/0XV;X!S-=:WM5@
'@S8GW1$6GE.)SQ2QX%OE.8`



Z&6FE;.5T/W:=OAA5'/\8CG





R`9V@^K5`PEX%$G:6



M]LP4#BHWDS2:IM*_V:^(L,PVU@2,2R=L`2!P4942?43K#.GC8.GG!B$DG5
M^F.1T34F













MU_







MDU$X

M5GNU$%O:4YT;%X0*YO%[26PYK*3IEYZX)&/0&W.\RJK73-O-UC'_7D4$..
M5@FQ3J7'G4YJX
K4QDFUS%HGD@UMOA4M6=7IO

N



MXE;(54]]PU(S[97OME20MB5R-:_61=;)UWCU'+.L#/)I@.I)46R^^_]02P$
M%`,4``````PA.=&9J=M&1````0)@``$P``````````````@`$`````6T-O
M;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#$YT9(=07NQ0```L```+


``)$/```0````````




M`#$YT:,[+Z@^@0``$(4```/````````````````8L3``!X;]W;W)K8F]O
M:RYX;6Q02P$%`
$*0(``(\'```8````````


4``````PA.=&-ZP`0R,%``M
&UL
M4$L!`A0#%`````@`




``!D`````


BYX;6Q02P$%`,4
M``````PA.=&0



M4$L!`A0#%`````@`
(3G1FQBSIN@`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!0#X`





M





M965T
C

(3G1F+/6\&G`0``L0
``!D`````````


4````




M+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#$YT8%9KZ5+P(```\(```9```````````````


Q+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0`
Y3$2`@```P8`
M`!D``````````````(`!*F$``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S,RYX;6Q0
M2P$%`


M

(3G1B8EPH27`@``_`D``!D`````````````





M;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#$YT:[&(ZOF`$```$$```9````````````````=!U

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0S+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(
M`#$YT8W!`Y^H`$```$$```9````````````````:Y]``!X;]W;W)K<VAE

(3G1C0F$T^T`0``#`0``!D`







```9````````

M``@`
(3G1O=

M:&5E='



(3G1O58'9#\


M-YX;6Q02P$%`

MYT;`XJAB
0(``







M4$L!`A0#%`````@`
(3G1C!)-SG$`0``/00``!D``````````````(`!U:4`


YX;6Q02P$%`


M

M='


`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











820
800


706
500



Change in the valuation allowance
 current

114
300


900







562
400




































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015




  2014






























  2019














  2020







Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











000







000














465


035





484


866



































Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































For a classified balance sheet
 the cumulative difference as of the balance sheet date between the payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 within one year of the balance sheet date.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit













Effective income tax rate
 Total

































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









related to intangible property as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
348
868
    

    
    
    
651
433
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stockholders' Equity - Schedule of Fair Value of Warrant Using Black Sholes Option Pricing Model (Details) - 12 months ended Mar. 31
 2015








Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]














Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
























Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
























Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]






















































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties

000





886)





114








Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties

000





976)





024




































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























































































begin 644 0001493152-15-002856-xbrl.zip



M=(`=Q
`EG4P=Y'^8-;2.6B==B%H-E.\]A=$;,J^W]U$KQU[WO3\[.SY^?F4
MT?X3-F?[JE%T[WNGOK


'G

6+X$T8=Y;6D4\2*A%*B#])ILOVV)GW
M.D5GO%3ET(
6U&]S97F*W`:Q-?)U

7JOF

MJE[P-$&?Z


E9:+1.0B



M
M[

M##^=);88I_8LF=SML
'USSPQSG]\TUS40O1LJ1IW3
)*[7E(A4\*@U0DZ/$
MT0+OCQ9P?


M9L8FH_6





:/`DCZ`

M
(

V.UWD65F=%?.&3M



MLU%=_1?DN?:;IE;?B&/`0!%K!+$-+9


M3^;\2+0?6H
[Y$'
*AF1818

M@5.!A./AFM#+%#

M606:W4`S9NB(;$V

61X.12X60GG-RA*4.N8)Z
OE&'L:0/!RBYC%
MOX0CD8`$'LQAM8UPRB8.A;J



M?TX':JEWCW!7@%9WM6\?9'YXIO-9$Y)W%]0=9*G22$AT+0EDOS9R]^T
1^4+

/J.%S

M
9_7+#EM]&JA'.;YUMP0DH4(=;9U&S.FH*N@6^'P02H\'M))Z\KB49VRSL.4


M*Y6V42`IWO^6QWT#-J;\X]:MW
_ZU\HF9IUX5FCK1A;3%&R4V\7W#'*S$3Z_


=T5@(PM/.!D?3FZ^#KCY/M7$/VYGLK6]






M7^`?E`'+@5PF+J!#
`VX!;P7`!2R*HF!'O@BE`Y
O0$$6[*
X%4(P
6N)U[@


2-(T,+AC@0Q2N=4$^/U//HY*VT0*6L88<UXEH5LT[$
MW@

&.:
.Y)U(/VUS$;O4
H?X17QV
THSM%*K

TOVX7?OV[)FB`G#AHFB
J%0EUK=/M9\5RP!I0ZTZO3;)BF7HPZ]V25
7ODZDVB\:
#
MFS:H+FYIO8I9HGUL76Z;_7;L*%'\]5F;SKHQN6OT6D:ZIE?*Z6=&73?U.;`%

MHTUWO/8@V'*7@FQ=Z_9;Q5&]F%=\6ZI-T]3+HSH++LRNT=&[Y=%:JYZWWHAJ

MK3&R?0?1X9J31@-?FN'8^X.#4@_`SR$4T37_.-$+I\-_=GN]!BS`,VXE:2P
M62YFX%&`(S'%#AW),T@+IXRP*[Z?G2ERSA1-

@JW@_I;7





6]A:_A4BQ-:*U=MU7O0;3:T7TB\_[X?^5HGRS[J50[SZ
MAKC\J=RM!+G[A[U7D5UBOPH/LECTFW&/:G7CNY&YO5Z#?'W%D&DV!74S
N5G
ML2M2IE_-K3\5B3
X8/Y_-[A-Z2:G

M
U/83;*I7^;)&$#

6WM.MV#PH3U-:WNB+!)74_)_*ZE
M5\](;[+,8T;C$R)HBT


M.OJ;M8PG!LS&:MO(G=4K;I#)Z%9FW\JKXZSE44_%8YS
8IC;NS*UK1F5@\`*
#&T=&&H%<[#M6LV-YI0J2(B%=MM[X=9<]])L
T6



FY?'BF

]K?+Z.S_)9W:H,/1D).^]0D7;R$,[4(L
=/
4?/)=3)#K@H!?MVAR

BR%XX/21)B?(4/2
@3AJ)L!
F@!+GE?]`($A7+._M

65V1X%WC






XV^7E#Z[;J^K#AM&+W3
M_8<)=R'HW4IJ:AQGCS/IQI.;0LRT9#[^<Y':SN&PKJZ:W3B3BR[U[EW-#

%MUO
NN
M&+`4M#FA=;JGFZ(*

T1J^G#$BY
M6NCU:V=4L3$]:EW)BC;&`^-8K7\OQ[=R9$0GHU=+++Y:IEVT3F[Q5UR[M#


$C:B'!0`B`;OBZC3^3C8)A2]5

M#\/LC?)ELN*/?S7;FBPH

MT


J<78$ZOUCMZBR7TZV\[*1/[90Z#Y.7662&\MNHC;ZM:3E<)=[-
M)-6DNHGN(=L*#)J6J;JEB






M9F=^BJ$1W)WP5O8V5LE;\TH$#C!F#7H[MP#.*17LDVO(CF
=W[C=;N@=W4_J
M77Y)#_1H?])@=

M828+




F(.N!]2.+(W9
MV23A^RUSD,^V3^$1$ACPF1RC.`JC.XR$UQ*-W/@+FE0DC.9Z/EHDJLBLEV
MQ97Y90AZ+P%4'QIS#!MFY,ZT.](GZ%B[G8P-#63#\;_P/9?R/
!0C82%%
M^/NQQ#^%+&0R!B$6(4+2.$(P1BJA[]BR\9E)A%DG1=@^77Z=?-FG7QWEN@W(

T)8QI&X7
M5M(1)I'4(5%ES55ER[()(5D:#S`T72=*HMNP++1&HG7PY6R[=];GNO7(62%3
M2-#_)@U(A;%L7$(/QA4`R,#;AJ/L@02@LC''Y5+PY2XG*.IMPAR+8KP_Y[



?XLQ


MI5=(KFS1]QD*$T24)?YW;-9FLH2P83$BRYD?4C%'$9Z'7FS61Q])S\.%H0&
M$RONEWE*JQ^)MJNUL]1H'XO:&NL[O/K!?\`T?-)*(&;;LR8MNDTPD]8J4J9



#


M^R!]3)6XAU3ZD'C(8^KZX=ZUZ]Q^%EHV;6U

M::XKFJIHK#-3G8E;H;P
ZMPTX+]-4=XH4TT7FRJ
L@:GKMA_B0Q.X
UYKZV'
M^`D.8L(:\6&]\3O@83)1SCZ^Y9[`&VT41GO:-4)8ZZLDJ'2V2H909PWD&J5_


+JYN.-;B%K?1MK;@@I?D%
M
?`62C-BF!6(7]B57WGR2_8\/2='OK9NV@L-&E'9`2N'-IFMG`RLC@
MY*





GA945;DFM&R[P



?N0
M





!

V57
:7?(FI?=EI11+(-DH!.PVM^$,`W6#!M
M/1]=/??B(J*)I/`.17;,8+-C1!-)D1W3X^P8T4129,?4T*/]R8XYUR:2_<Z.
M,1798*_8^[-C5%V3%=-H)#MF[!L%7]V'4VG?@H/ZLE5.
9V58KM3Q2.L+%T
M@K`T!V!I^8+)KA26W#5E/:@W@-W9@/2'H.66)7!)`'1`RE!C\0HOZ/
VQ3]A


M-5TV7(O)NY=P^`I6AR9K%?)*!&\-/S[:#B7:4HECDOP+K4XY$K

\FJ_W`)DB
MH/FG(U&G!

%\0=841?H#ZFHNL1[]-2[;MJK)ZT!MKOULL3\

M`E!E5[%D4U$DTA[QHV9!D5R3N&%1PFI72%*N0P+4N&_1J:]#FF*4(()4
(


M1`9V12Z:C0YL]_4)#1\U\/4)1H#Y^]C=M\NZ^YILV)JL:Z1^9/$QE_R:.7MY
MB


)D9]]2#6O9LP(39ADV\'3P1BA-6RVL4

Y^DX)&_H[PRQ^E6#=B^Z]=8^7E^R.\0\441=-#`

MHQ39]N92E;7X,;(\B;8.%D1B!10%.4TC8:*ST%KIZOI:_1S!])MNK(4
4#

M*KIL.




0+2)L+
(.P\J

M(8]!F:`#CRHKAK&UGM#RTWT%A4S9U#32#(
$XU?*FW()\Q_(!!ZI8L*R8ZA
MR19K5NJHFJ0B+@(@(N/0^XB/1!$7`1585$Q$54%1JVEA(1%Q%QZ5T,@(5:
MW+UP&IIS(@:ZGA\XX

5779
4PA8/4%+`\M0&+B1DDCA*QV




XX$YI=54F-C:@ST_/O#5XO[FT8X6Y_@HI*=;Z;G
MRMA[;7-+8S3U_)#$L5`\;7&B+.8A1*AC$



M&C8;HO&S\0;2L&'63&.YB\!Z@P/)9O#Q)^T`EP6?A!YWXQU?6#3G:_![8P


MOD0INO&341`E\QA]Q9S^'.#O_/S__Q^L^*^?G^[^\1
7+/J==;O
OPC]16!_
MGM#D;Q_NXF@*T*L+!?^?FD803[I0]`M=_?!S88$YP6NT4F9LXTBC=0YAZ7C(




LNHBV3ESI&EJ1^:)4



95EU

1Z5

#9KCYML[(]+O@X2(DMX
.CUZ+^C


YZ.U=VQ0N2*-N:
ML?3NQ7XT3Z2)'T+5`4+
Z`T/B\C3U$=5-@R[P/Q-!]*X7+L1MBGZPFWP3
%C

;+4!S`C0G0'-#PP
)
MT%S/=D2`YGJW)0(T)T!S`C0G0'

5_DI]\D
9HY$^](/G;A_LO=Q]^5BX5^`]'
M7(F)&Z+5[)+6

_C'Y`KP6'C\@6%[2L!X


]MBDN


M9^['K+@_MA=1S'K&P1

.KIS3'^O]SD\P
*GR%=B!728+2I*2G\B<;[<]'[I@(GY%4&]PIS]FJ;KM

MNGMXN)'^_O3PVZ-T_^7ZDB\#6QQZS6N%&
A;%.!SF-QB_RU=U'6C-5MQ%4WG
MA')MZ'J3;ZS5NQIT4&W'5MWF)]=+3'[AJCI?8[GAN7-IY`KZEI!(4VF?HBO6

&7RI^_A=CE#-$8J_IW?X2V'.7O

FKD0C

Q^DYOFRJMJJ9-E





=2EL)A;LOM-4`.S*S
M_
Z;^L'B:SP'!W+BCU!\P_JLX=UX]E]#'__1U.R2S3*4,8@)VW\JO&3M'$




I:-+:V
,SLS;FSE<(O^<!POLP5W-7^&ODZ_?HJ]OT3R!/X7CKV]^G(4ED0?N3S\



<I*(6+RL5AAY@I((B9\B
M-C05H2<TBEY#,@HY.8V@+U35T73N#FV;Z)XRJ0&--PA6<L]$'C^W4_?Z)\2
M_-T[Y$$68,WNN78A6R\AF@[\IJ;N!A;YLS*PAWG6$C

MK

IZ+.K[@#/%7BJ1G$3Y2$:
M'A4O&W

M$/O3*]5P#'OA:Y1Z@32B=K10$`
50+$__=Z?0=L.-VBL'H8R^[1PL[`=9T
M=6NRR+-EM5/5NI['W7'9[AJ#&9U5W?ZDRHIJRG;E)DSMEBO_06QI_2VU7476
M!K.A@[Z?A6_?NC2[CFPUU2*N2Y4DMKF:TK)J7$)#5%3'BS2



*?5%#UHA0;(-G$/MMH3



;7


M(W?W5R
BPBG=4$L+'U&-UA


(AZ[YJC[?&K\!RD:X:L#D'\CJ3[


`HPT:&B7@:`*.-A@XVM4<
P/$;I;?35.V+?%JL(]-OX4^E(\A.<Q]3'L\






M&_)T(RP=00.

M5BNKA3ZP9R@

ET9LM4
_B:4W$Q$\R)JXH
MLN



+T

M]6;1W3MEJ36;CN8Z5LDI'V
)*



MO6I;BEEJNNLH)








#MXR.'3&E$WX17V@7



V]TW:)6[S^C&-_,RE#7
M%+

MEPO


ML**7O#W&T;L_1N//B]\2@('G+:JO1JG_O@XAK

@UWK/79EB-U3/'YKU3-D)C5:;JCM8H





MJS=Z\T

MC]XMI_+.#[UPU+@V
S7==!5GKU+8
'VSA%=EMJDYFJD831#^A$U&NE-0E2DW





M;)./'Q1FJ$%`Y:@:5FW[2!(C3O/CVFAO1ST0Y%GO_OIV];:%P=F!56;N3EZ
M#\6][9Q\%=O1B+MI:(ZMEV'8ZNS-TEW9:&0)-O7ISEVH*!QAO?00@VW-_H7#
M5[&_,(_*QYBFKU['R9X`\$`Q!
DV/F*R7
\#ZU4JV_0%AB=9CF%MY\6:3XR




;9T<4@=V
MY&+01ZZ['K










M2F+C[82K1![QWM1EWVU3U'EW7IE+G11@9*S7?[D/6E[9'B%*L0C[#E5F`O?4

M#EP*)D-Q^G27A


M#CD%M@MHJYUN




_



UI^P(7B(&-2*29*/(7KPY0'D.-JXY?0$4VQ5\WKK#
M+I5..QRMHSBK

J[HV3YHW






M'0J*&LA738D+78:#`D7M^%*69AD*D.]9XI\-M8N7];47-N4KF_PQG2
O+-AC


&%9IRHM&:*PB;MOI=[1!HH@\;9I#04E9JMV@#-5N]RA0

LQ5$'A9


ML\Q?-.RY:3X:]HN&O4Q2KZOK/7



M5$;EH5U_




MU`;T366ZFZ^&]:'ZIO;=LR4JVLUEJNO=MQZ.#L00L__B_-)/.GC/IK]\CU%[
M[HU=D])

M

M@+6O-34$#/Z.I
O#L_-Y
C''L`;ZWK8):Z=!H]ZP738V^R$+!LIPN]@:;N



B&7Y@-XU^`)3^/A?H)LY6=*DN$59N\7N




M:U#9&*D%%.&@N?\
P(#V4



G
Y`KU@F$`UM)^P`%F\X87G!IG1-
M&!@`F
.9[K'%3*L87)<(1ZO
M4
/


3$5UI/551591-1:P$;!9X-T$-!
\A'9O^D`X.S

(XU/2:!6DTA^=
MP$^^/T]@T6+WSXFTE@8@)*P,C)-`0+4T2!60J8D0F]!@D8TH^638J(@.N
MH8M2:XF1%%#MOOE7&!Q%&6+:BP`&!GW]%!;U`R^,9S;8
@I4_




P@.Q]TD)ACR`7


/POESM$<`^=/3FP#73/1UXL`!]@_O<

M65SL

Q*28Q@$V)
M/&'S0?&S./6D(PBL]T%.B];9V8J!O@#S]IL

L

M(6&IP
T5SW=DBD'-_3*:B@(-P_`;:*(QEK;':'8!E.\.A/`BL6$5?]'H9^
1`^&YF.L4CXVU

$=4-R^=!H(2'T
YJ07




6D&]!5)$.


@6?601)A`6$&:W$VT:%)2
M-O#H=^%X(G[XPJ*M^4ZUR;+G


4T8FTZH3K
MC%O


(Q@4X8K
M$HQJ\=E*:0B!M!8WUOI)2;.+YV&96_CU%G$:7S@BYM`:8%7D88/PI?(J
_






3@6#5&
M&P[

8MJ6:!#I]N[G_E?VZ(*-'M(`8L3`80[0*
M;U@5E/@-I6S8PL=CKX6P[:O]-R$GP`N;:@(.0&R5/!:?*/^(?(9D$K8AJ8





M&B(97FGAO
:*5;PX5)GE6!4P%R68JKCT*)JJ$)XM0N$JS*#A)1JM7NTNV2

M3M(
<`A&X*P$S0#$4)GI2$(#EYE,Q!1Q[*G(4@LQ'++
MHW6!%K:$H)8:,$I4:'Y9YS1-`Y&F@4C30*1I(-(T$+G,!B*K48SM;3YBS9E5
M\:TK3%F4D6B0<8&:LFD#4D@;$&'S1ZU`6/5M0*+H:=P*A.UK`Q+OD;V\OKDY
M1+\%V$^)QAFR'\#E.,1-AYF0TCN#B');;5WEZQO+-*1%ZEHFGXA+ZI?2'3


J'^&]#D7G<&FM)O



.)7.??M=PFKF*
:
M_NL-E4%/.\

M0O7^S#WO[=:RTD8AE\B7K]N]D3(:%L28QT#RIEGG






M+9AZX9HPM&DMPXQJ+^X


M6Q!E7KSL1K+WN2RBF;R)+ATO$;UFCKM.S8V9G*Y;E!)'?)C?U`QW^`+8F/


NN7%_H;!U@+PMNL5NDIMVI4.E4(
S


MI-\&F3*4

+/'S/@

MPX(-ZURPS!DUC'/FC'




M'NJ)^TWQ4(^-=6_&]1U\=*5=Y\*`]=='D%/)Z;X`$0=B;&RNOX
B]YNA.V

MH

MTM7=L*B
?P.\[2EG4T09W]3ZBC94%7%KHVSV_XRM3`W1+3:F+4AJRP(#J3EI


BO4.-
M?P\;FWN?%W2-D6OB(=0GO&'^H+ZN_Q%]B_\C9_EL\T]T4%M'/?.0[.M'MW[

MHZ0K0EX#EYXR5M[5\KY474G-LUAS=YF&`ZJNHD_OI1]\)[6?&6]T5NUH






=O%3OX
X)W
8Y:(X:&H_A8CV&YIBA\1B:Y*3&96B2
H<:ZXNHC[EYUEWC'ME!#.KAS%0W=!
;ST?Y


M:S'L+D==\Q3V^JHW4#1U%#45FTY=/@6A_4:X
E%[NDWO9(=S$C^;FB4F/!78




&;!9GWJOSUG;#N_YA(-X
!HONT:(70!I
MJM*:
O+

MQ)'&4+O=53KUYL
7OTK#?E\9U7N-SMJH^6B/7:Y[F-Y+U3&4QL=T+$W1[7%C




*)CT\`T[&/77/
[`.Y715*J&SBI<TBW-NBU-U
M+*IVJ7PW][=LT%69R_\




`;+.
MKB*+@]Z^BE1;3-$HIK?9*U
!J#WL)@\36DL%B63S
PKZ!ZHAOG2F&\T'%0O^UY,2F^L!%&C0S3H(@-











Y:XC/T



@9N^&V%88VUGC
*BV!?MKE#4;

MOR67YY;'-/JXP#@
FM@2-NZ`CWN+@O`+'+JVY6DQ):1LAT
VP3`#)9@ZTQ5;




:Y(WDU







P!=NU6A[7PWKS_9

/F_P[XH]L%C1X;(&[P5:`




M6V6O`/R8VHA0#^[1UFW5C4+L'-'\Y)6^P'S&.Q;D8NX)K1.[`&RK25:H8(




RU@ET9XIF-A$I*A
M':@.2G*QC0-*4'O&JC

IA;J



M)7LH_0!


V*^
MXDI@Z;


)AT(3EW5ON[-J_

G_:K


A]V&6AX.TWEU:]L$U''H5$ZBY.J'%LAGG:RY($$Z=E%'9

=


MQ4[^B*IYF'[95]BS?]:59:=._^.H9(87]0W[JPGE'0UZ.K+^(BOGP%G*_9


`ZW![*VO'#=&-!5VPW]W')G
MG



MK?591*Z(L

=GS&*NQC
MR'.BUCIY.2^)\QH4WUKVPO4Q+;T7M%Y

M52E'DVS?%?O5I0

9X%K#L!#M-


M/'`2B



MC

K2AZVZV


MB$G'70I8&Z#*9.+\GRQ





MR7.G0Z!\C.&E'CW:SR+6%W451Z2[9
/@?8B3SV

MC5

0+I20QT&]VD2M:*-;Z]^$QN^^9*!G


+8Z6)13R;&I(4#)B`=GAG@7V]:IY
T02F
$=
FN_0[]F%0-ZLJ#LW:4:5RE@IY8_\(6?7HC;9E&WMW0
MSX][L(B*ZGX+A@##2PHEMNYPZ&?J?1E#47V_`7.8D(BV:0U)?T/7DO9D#$7E
M_19LH1`JMV(+<7]#5Z/V90O%?<;'MH6Q$V+:MD%4.AVZO+4'JQJT:2ZK)I:
M&[7=






M
+M`JJ8:XX#-;JS77G



*J.


'_(K]Y(6[5]`5





#._!)!(
&
MWXS].*'%-U\__?SZ]9O7[']I]W^$0?3],__/G4^1QP*Z.<G&OSRJL3IC[<_


M:


MS!:/?*T[)7A]A4*F5@NF[/HYKNEF20?O
8GW8D36YSA&;5^]N]X7_$]!MW


MKS_?*%HFX1=&$;U8IIM#1JH=OKM]L^=]O2W$K0?JF?Z]K_X?F!R%/I

MKH&RSIRU_T0_]DU;J$S[]T/M7J'CLS4S7X+_$2[K[)7[?XW^)+]GS%%C_1
E17B;?&^I<U';B=!]Q*(Y*@K8X+_K^K@/I</=X']PW
MC&O_#JMWIKT[?TTWWZRM1ZJ=Q[VBG/$;+4B:
7`_QI$P3IA9@&S-$EZ^_LM
OSND=$K+/'_PPG\86$XV*.A/8OD\+3G6
M1+.4)'K&B.=GGQ/V9?R,$)_IQVS^SF-,C)T:_7ZV-X]D(Y7Y'PUYWW'87NY1
M.QS_3;I;][RVIU/;U3J-&S+7UX2_!CPM\&'*$++P-PGL<.@/?(EGORR:?=\
MBM@$]L.BT17;U`_1$A-4$

Z#H(G1BW]E7[DN%OP'&4/I\[1PR))2($+8HF



SBJ@'1ENOT7^GE_T_Z.S:R_










ML-;TUCIVU;.@!!?U+

MTC





M-L-YF_&\S8!]
:0OO%'AX=
V#WE_3PR0A@]MANB+:FE=CC*Q!Z^WB=UT\_)^




MN$?^3(N75%BJ[7HJNW0`)C3E32JTU_;!FIDZ`
%=BYM4.*GODUMP`VC`)E

U_TBV0
M=K_B9L?3`8M[Y!CH1CD^Y8&\);M3


N

M?13\F60.QALVIPX9[=\5IL

M.N1[H]:5H2NNW]JEH^E=.0B7;_GP9N+VE;0'


MT:(9Z$)04H*E
NU)J*R1D:*6&H(NWZ0@6;J
]R/:4YP0$\ENVH&OUM1
L71E


MW-A59K5.0MXB6R;F#[;%7/C#H=HD7CO&^6.SM??[^^9]S3E-)+(NZ:O^(%

MC-)DG?ZNO;/9QG?@JDY_[

K+X;/^0:Q19P#/8PT!

;2`S!'
%3V[[1A'PYV2OBD!_GGB:$B9\96(ST


)59+I*U.`CZD$TS*
MV=Y7_P]
CD*?4N[ERMLU
-_



M0GDW%J4KNETXV^#U$@#I(/%W


MRT7?4%UX?('0#Z4&H!3PITIX8Z=3/)!C/@C]L7VE#I\WMQ`:K/+FP\.QE/


#J19IYP3,%W:/;4$L.IK(CJ=/*
M*AEK3(V8<FV-\TFUF$S







M?$GP'*$%Y5X!7F*
6ECS`O(LI$RV?0N56<`&1$6O[

=*Y$_6_/$T$P32[]K[9!N

\3
1/Q)QMXT^8Z6D.6Q+3LDC-$]ZC5B=72#M
MX


G
MM

M8+/#?_7CA`1
-95XROO`ATY'NPREK@]!)9[`
TH3GJGA8IF93?0&7R9D?N]3

C1=:M1Z;*QQ&.'A'C0S@CN+S8L2=GJ%+Y1NPEMGIV''
MAGXG]J3ZX-:14^6L?-H]62[1G


M&$`CRJ4`67;)G&11N85WD!$DF4Y-30&+64VR5+Z6_2'5[:TP4OC^IC3?1$2!





[M],X-+(ZV
M8RDX5MZ]3
Z]DO8NK8RZ?T-LW)J3L+(7G'.Q$I]M4\1`$N
X*;^$MX8F8$PO
CB6<A\C]).WW_FGIXB3UQP4-I`W


MB**.&^EQS;')Z9

'R
MNA62[53=38PAO1+Y0^IQ.-`I3I`X]F9(RG73THHRK6
6Y
:ZQ(P71;9*#W


M`J31SM/`W
M:3A64PESR?GJ/QG)O-RLAZE@2^@U




A







MT/EDV7+
E(3IR


MN7W39)L






&]SN]C+L5Q2Q#9=?H\\6:R93

WI%N:3%C^S_J.`


M5UM*M_OW\LWQJ%B/[$M?;Y1$

60(EZ:'STWD:S*T
MF?4&DZK-E@[([E\-9#BE=[.D!VWXUH!-.5Y@Y$+9LKSIF`.<M0:\#QO4Q5B




TT0;?7[*EZY



MC31#?GU+_QT%J_L8+6:/B/@K5*D%.X@5I2+@Q2M=&SG(5-%Q/GB=!&@KBZ`G

SW=FP6-_NX(0'C



M[0EYV5K741Y2O0/@[=E!&G+CI
W::&D7ZD`


G*N;
&F


PBU;$%Q@A=44ZQ^XN

7S*`WG#=Z=@D`V#S)&CLP<JS5SE&.ACSF,UFS/76/).MS
M+60L

^4L`NK%O57_EA`4OH:2KVU7G+UO2U:W82W5=OB*?WZJ)BP*?

M3
B61G^`0S9



XHWT3M%;\\I+@





*&
24JO4P/;S'_^X?6V1RP?
MQLO'&=:)OLW%WA5Z1%&3AG6)VPH$OGA44)CO$:$'C[_BO*^`_WP7Q&D*_T

Z\V9LCR=^&/C*4\E6*U?..ZWN8R7)`SGMOC$Q
MH(50!ZJ4:KVA
U==&\E*R+;NI;.4/B(U;5495;(6KLYOQH94A5#@Y[#\!'/X


MC



M&0_I&:4)6BCN`]J-`Q?
[NS(\'5;?*E0QD-
/X11N3`^6F
7BD9#3+X'!;
MOD.^E78Q(L#HR%=AM$'0!CE.4QYDD?!]V*SUIMBIAIC9!AJ69%A^E%_=9K]
MGO^'I]AEO_G_4$L#!!0````(`!6$YT9.`?'3UEH```M-!0`5`!P`8G)F:TR
M
#$U
#
S

M:W


M_N=W[[Y[1_^O5O_7A*2__\C^YR4J
*(-E!8_?B[(W[X22OKV_3=9OOR6JKW_


L')5XA)4D9JR_5#SU:C]*UOL`\X)UE\G4Y#/=0.!)_VG;S<
MHPBOO<B/&=EE$P+VIZA_T13ZOQG9[_FJ8#YY6TX+F467,N31U:NNUX3]
M\H[^U(.(/Y=TR,1QY*9
'A@_@4^


(PR

V'$I`%.FWZ)\CRR3)H&






;H8OL!1T65

MZ7V20@P
@_38#'MXQ]D
?LD7J_
V9I)3@D52_O9$EBE9D'F4ED^K*.?G'SA7

MXE]



M'7G%\6U:4KPL;F56%+BD

#\=C





P
H

@+N39B4DF`88X0G3:`ZX3.V

X)FS
C)*'
MB

MA?!_4`H;0S*THO[FQ&:PN_FP6BXX*1S`#2GQW;OOW_GC`




`0Q$E+
G+-$+'

M%LR5G:!7P9AW9:'4%42N7+F1X

M:W$FZ3/CVM@T:T!RJXU*J`;SUID#0G/J-'\I^KI#D_0J2Y+(0!6=I/^C*R54


=IE)/
)=:B+QLDSD(%5QEC(0H&YYD+
M.BFG?R-RW$'L8Y:VUV'U;DLAY

A?3WPBG_4<
MT(H&NA(J@=7<.WD8)#!#$YQ'_2?CI^`BI0XYONCQN13LI3'Q%
ZB$+2J:$(

7MMW;#1W1?P

M4-*N

:#4NO%

M@LF$;.4'G).
CG4QR[YK*





]3`D$@)2SIDXD*0J-#L#3DQ0I+U3PP-7)D?`T%@-%&CTYTW
M15SG1QBTN8R*E:9L]9^\IJ<4P/324M+?@VER`8S4PO1/,)IU-I]G55H6CWB.
MR6OTDN/N&P(J*.R4<6K;W``WW


M4U8G39^
&5$4D4@.:F#XY8YU2+M&$^%:M4X8E3%M-.]-:&#0TH6``:EF)54X
M^I19&25WKG-=W0XQ



G
MB%


/O31$RHT[!TEVBD`.0]H-
MUX=HRS9;W?;+A\(A=LK5@%5[Y'U)




#\<B059:-H$^S
M,\'O56<I(TZ2I4O$W5F,7X#0QWF)&7IMZ;:H#+R:M&[B.Z\E^\$/PO86$-I0
M*K,Q7.P/NB(K1;U2QPV1QZ%'!C/8P`G[;P#]#/:#J.U:M0-
C5T995+R2

MOL'I7



MYKRFJ-/9_/_OOGG'_N\]V_E&KTSU#/W3&?T-^_^HJ+/=1%6YRG+R=QS325.6

(9[\QLTGT8^*=+.9[=%2!'`Z)H@P8NFF`J0:_+#40[5_0
M#P:F_0L?
?_ZU[._?O?N[)^_^V?^S[_\T]EW?_[KV5_^\NZLU6BHR*_H[+B(
MHA)]H/6S0M^_/T.


\


M3

MEJ
0:5EG&YYUBV*G&I&5PM%05P`]_88:0&FG@6FEF[3/`9=V_!V7
91K%4+3

&EESXUOK-6:*)IDN
3*DA]DZE^B)@R*+&-21)(P#$)=94=XO&DA:U]J3\3M4

Z\A0


S-YR2TZJU




M0_*WQE!46P
;+&#IX]
\`RB//

@VU=G
.S(?_?4
CO
:'[SA&]EFGJ'



H8PS
STV/J]2SO.7!AJ!66&N@A&GO15



#)?G@
M%!P!TNCQF!+B6N!2W]-9


MP#BV(Q9.?WC$PR_R]F/\3B7ODBQZFO[
;EJBBITJD72\APR3#UQ3O7V14!F_

&C0YEWJG[.:=I\4PMX38&@!2QMZDB08NACA2??MZKT2
MJ#$GC]DV2LJM.5'N4

M83E?P+/KF!?-3='W*\)M5:-]3;];Q.WUR+T9N+V93`L


ME\\X7^N8



7DU)


M(36WHV[@P5A?'


M2ZA$?[-9ZW?0


M7SA
EC1ZH::IQF+H)JA*)3#$=$6ZWU.=\!CYM

Z[P:`O+RS/HC<

MK^-&^$_L(


ULC

!02HU+Z='X]5)VI$4:'2C\8

!U4



4IIGR^][`]



M

KQB!FSJP$AI*N2.7


&C[4Y;%;R1):/F&
M-]9WQ;2XTY$V?!)W4O%$YHXR`(:Z4U`/N=O:X*S=64&U&;2S`\X5ZXML\\!.
MFIXC`%R+




M93`

(DG(NC1MX/%XPN0R\;B@MZ5Z$3!.4F+"/38D#)U5PWJ$R:@1)MNV


46:XJBCFZ:0X
MM*T]A

MKN]G#)R+









M^ENH^1CB7X


/2)IS(J*\KE+;K!


MDBGX%6]7-F


PYTAQPA;@K=U+;0_6)!V8SJDRY&;W[.U+=
M3KL(E
N?3=J&&\J0Z\\ESM
HN:R*DL+



M*B@A:U*B5W;


M
.J`R:JG7ND9%
#PT06E


MHA.-Z(;U+0JU
R;@/?ZG/M&#T-$HA^WBN`4Q?G&O![MPA3/^!LN@$'MXIG
M:

K;]`GGKV0^G)'M


MCE8@

6+H-UL.Q(3/=/_5Y]K@N)VHBYQ?=K[WEA9-E7__'4KC
Q8LQXP



MUY9JIS)_E)^1^(@_E\]O.'G%'[*T7#DL4B89A3*O=*\`USFFW2(8PA^D&

.
MP5AXBL3_#QSESV_90:JJLP67YH/B3F=W8^A$2=U'K^#R7T^6R_3SNBB3R=:`
M\UDL\IZ
9J9.F=






E+Q1/
LE_


/'!X
JQAW8Y
<]=X![!Q642%059$!S7/E/9

MG?G==L
%CMCCU#?D







M8_:P1

H:`$LI
M!Z@H8K(03]E

M39VIN


P.







(OZ=E@^N]F!M^6S5RFL




M/*=W/U4&@O-P']3[O@)ZH.3*^[Y&6Y?I)LLOL[0@




ZY`(CG=-






M#9U!F.Y-NJD&23SJ4!AE1)=!#PRM1X!5$I3KGK%;E8TZXOJH-0#KFN6NM(JR

O=G!-?^OR]3@=%SZ]2ZN^*A3=<5W

8A

M\


07$RW7QZ%1^L
MHX^'`5J+VSQ(8SM,%8#^F63ZVP@*))36@WL4=6'7`U,@!%\?A^[#J/(5@\

MRZCDMRMK\3;94HEB]OML@9;LH'N?6R





\Y!P3@S-?Q7B_ITAB:PHJ=2R8%Q(P9P
M6A+A6A8D9:[P2^E6U%HR(&%$J`:^
#&H=!&PV=ARAM(L/9]'Q0I%ZRPOR=_K
MXP4Z+E#.H9A:0C$IYEEE'B


H:D8
M=W6?_!M;*)&-KKI@N#D2\)IG](<S[-E2OY.)YI5JX_*Z#/:M!9@4+4IQPV.

TOJ-?


TS8&]
E$4DJ%

T-0(D7:OX%AQ`#0D`#MGP/M!#A5



MSEM=EG4PJU
G%XS7\VR]SE)4L
$LZ$TC+



@M+Z#M6O3`-Q


[;$VNA1HU/GSN%(..F&V`?W]&*#616@Q6RQ@QZB\J



5C
:

M1IJ=Y%FFMUT8-AVF;
]/%T)HL3IH809X%/U7H=Y=O[A6I
9M%-^OF&NRJP

2Y@5%'AR\BG%49[BN!EPY0VOH0L5M*@DU]NJ\7:248

'

#-`==V(
M]\3V8HK5T$E0Q;44^MWCY@*=BBT1YT1!XB8-






PJMVX\=)7.)

M\R=V+-@%%Y2[



Q84W?
JJPKV

74;&B2[[B(BI(,;K#&M1A-?<D[)K.
M7+<C;LWPZ^;,#GIAAM&=^X-[=P%R

MS]GN1(W^ON?=;U/$S(4

GW@5*R[E?W8G)&M^H_./G'
M0_BRZ#^Y_,H.4/-:1(($*.ABBP2Q!@WB<!IO7O2S;;8]H(&$.DQ(`,7#MD#S
M_T)3^3=9OLDK'+^&.?NSGQQV[Q?W)3[EF5Z2PLRYZ?$D_O`86&<9C\X2AT<






4



CQAVB^(BG.M^R&*_W-9JU9

MCVS?SE3X]N4EY3D6AI-`57OJI0&UGP-(*5J-JIRUKT`JYK1!;IP*Z0G:&&WM
M;2Z3


MU4

(4$9M=JAXP#OV2JJ%.R
M?`I65?K=DU[5=%U
+\#RK+JF.


M4#






6TMLD`@9)



M
[_$)1.)S+_\U]=5Z#V3.`EH]-?OWGW_]CN/1%

/^


M_?SQIY\_?`1^
_73+-E]\^W7/[]]^_XM^U_1_2]A$/W^
_^_)S\A'@
H2G[^
-(6_%]G




MB)Y0HU&ZH?PNIFQ6



M9VL=8;])K[ZN292?RG5+G:AY5[2P'\FC_U6O18*F'9U)LR2(2)(\D$6NH]J3


M
1%NVPDH:\V9^2?LG&]
H8+VMT/MV4['1RMV?`G^E;NL2R.OW/T?Z1W[#QBA




MC`F;P'ZX:W3/-O5S

#^RF41$^=TL8$G
2QV2V
M:V+D\#UZ8(O(

SV;X;8=DP_GA[H0?/M2]GBS3H/FS^;






M3YYR?++D;.'[:ZY8/[PA89IL?Y-?3%0TK/SU/RK9:

;#+6$13!(
M6

5(!Q9@D7#['3.[)E`3//`+EEJ0E
PJU5_9R=IG1
M`A$(_SB0NHYX7`.--XQ`.3*'K9S=;[1`0L0?#LG?Q63M![
R8)0=%?IDL0'
MO,D!`75V=@72`B



XX#E

4Q:_G'`)
VA6Z,22@4U\_72%E
M(K.JTBG0%+:&XFG-Q7&L@:R0`8X95UFRS0#3=H1BA]6Y`91,ZVG*!G^B4$P

I+WKVM/6$RSI`D;%FUQDCH^$=!T#W
M/-M51&97?AQQO]IH.LU669D<?1Y,`\4.!.D+A<WB#;4A;')'(N@)*G6EXBP

7@8%@SD#HX=+T6RTAW




YJ


-%U'UW:1'@!JQA`F

&2Q^[FT?4UBD

X1T1

M;N]ISOTDF.8E[\



A+.&EFI[HKFA44

M0C'A0%FU\12_'M-8D2P(L'\)AG$=&M;)OBP5#VIDJT_ICH%6.H[K2FS=[-W6

)SST+^C4`3+

]@H*1\0N

M/3AR@NYB^APP?
\W7YB9?1WMLFZ
FC9*$I`ECYH9&BT<2

M'_

=?3





MN))8\TMUIB3FDGNEI\=Q$/G1M)O3HW(LJ.[8?\=_].D1(#
D6T9EGQ.^3H.=





M7`I^N)7=32G\:H`0I]^3H`-*T!IE@$0^G@.#Y?1REALDUYHF=V&%!%IM4:

XT#EED93





MI
C9:N7'F\G\(5A$`5
P1G7Y2(T7YZ(A4SDBR9+\9^_


MER`

]US/2
MT.LN\K`ZN


MM5\GV8

M/K*W'+@/3]N2:0]DD=M.PFGSOA'VL.WF[?HY/


MU.Y^5&))F'&E


!$;F-*`K$-WNTV5TCBY83EA@30BC@=LC



6!A%B/

MD
5+RD
E9M1MH%:4S$G

X0\D/@YX%G^)W

M.IM$]V2:Q7%1^^.6

;F=





MQ7I-HWRM5ON+U-WZB(V8$QS.^QIM.G^1I#DR5%0:5T\G(&;H2)^1Y+UQZ=6=

M&CI+ZME6J$TN[8IU3+

MK(I3^\+5+:[BILXR/!XAW%

MH4ERP0X:FSF-N=D&*V1J



9

Z\8I''DAQ=9DC*MC)/SS2^$+F)_O0RFHYCXX*7WJ$%=.R?-:G1W




M/L@V:OD8'&19XY(`WGI'@E?0X.5$\+]L*Y.4A`RGW8Y-7741)XA!JQL!QV
%
MXZD.9Q#)

MDO
'2!T$ZHP#40/-!1=?PY9@:)S%S/KBMU41




M(;H6LJ7
8_(C












M\B:T0S1T^[NT`Q)$5-JE`\;NIC[V5T'(3AY9DG:RVQPQGG
_JUKK#IYY'RLU

L+%SUQP

Q4+F``9!Y$?30
_O(Z2-

ME9.F0TQRJVQ.XH1/[3RW:1`M)G
6W8NSE(DL!\A`KGUU8$5H*2(<FS6G


*8Q[&4[H@=
MS?Z9)2EG;K\8*%RWZFY@SX'SM1'$/PZH#H]-7R*_R*A#9CR^D`?IWL5D%60K
M98(:HT&@
+KW`+60#490+VC$S
\TR#T9W`7)K)@M!P?U_O*%7G&D.7)8*/#N



M(G
]Y(=FT5%4Z




MD)T_FY[O9




M:V@.:F4^#TE



DO8X\(%HGNI$BL^0?G6!

9E'
9E[0'P$

T:^
M3Y`
IT0^39TT)6Y8TB)WLW3=D[6_R3TR/+47\*BO[.0\N;7)X@9@'P=.


MR#S@=TA[2W!
N(D/]FQ`1W.?K+H3BQD@






MT&BQK\D*26+S8WTCY$


MAB11^NX%[5R?M0WTJFH_23G&81_=^]%LY95FN#0?-*5:$:1R:6G!==H^#
M1CBDW=`0D:W)*/(K/(YB()5MM+)NM;
]?HBT(^:I(5\X5A&/OM?02(_;.;:
MN`:(7



&5CIJ=<-R#B*&0%SAJ\H$DO*1,UI@3V'#R$Z=XN8X






.!<







J;Y4KR2TR3

.)Y2@#+TP!A
MDJIG3ZR`U'$0L=\%?KA[J'WA%RM48SE4X=IV9!R8FVBW5!/:BF!(&H09WR%[



F@JUR2



MPN
;TO#APF.X\'C-^OV-77ADJY4?;R;S298FJ1_-&!`5PZ'
//2X+RPQJE0T

M*P/=5=1)1W(KL2

\@:HL#`;'^R!#`Y_5_547L(%BHZ]8Y]N

/5K[1=T+67!']
M?R=T1&*OBJ%=E&RX)62?\KU'B^WO#K.GR85<VL_TKK(^9?Z<=IC7VG?LOE9


5?27;OX'99*]H)[83P&!-28[Y;E09

MFJFW&ZQLO9X\DJ.\OG1SMLK8$;W@RY\UGIP


SZ#*`FF

MZYH8Y[5&NST$V



GM;TEU;\Z[^X3CYU1:(
4K1W?\8WGSWG:S;BRR'9Z'

M;OT5^_&1





MC1TR73N



V

*0OO/:I
]/Y5?^`T4YZ5=U(BH5;TS8E/%#1E]YOXE


*S?U


(NL&S)4FK





.&D/#!Z@





M9'Z@E2HWH[2+\U4*[G?4L&UIO3JX#=E^E\_NY
B8QS^==_)3R_)#;N9T7T^NDR0C,X5;UW0<UQ=_1BN=N8!P@+M3
MOG,:Q_0EB!80HZ/:V/G+<2A,E;[?]

PX&MR436ATT&[K
M8_

#$U
#
S




Q2A`4A;RJ]/`^`;($32\E(;:C[LRD1W



T.#HSVC\-S0:WQRNIB#+



M\O'3\5]&[H^?UHMO7X=_?_ZS[/(CL^=X82&POL_.#C(:?3XY)'36!_8&_;]^



(_((KH:?/&/HR[D',Y])U+/W#-1^$=%Z.$N<W9@A.!]


V2KYF@M\CA2]K
!GAC


=9$J[3);(3WU8
5)XD$S6XJ/EPL++H&KW=G/JR4;0M6GK9-0E@N^K
[



ZKS*_

D

5;EHFLW;2P'9\@FCB(P)D44%[L=D:J9J=Z\3&)
M@E

M[4/UYBTF9=-M=02SB32;@HS;3O86VV2Q7O*F:CB;43R#P/
9V%F$BWO\/72I

L9$JPA
MSMM%PAN2S'4\)JL;F$IJ0IOAS.:MN.5I/^9+S&*LJ'QA



2P9
9E\0$T%MW*[L^N6
7

P`
T#&B]42AJP


MW0!E-ISF@&CA_K/_[)#
_\

M.IWWXH^%_0-$.UPMO!B$DS9\9DY8M*B-J..8A$5MA8KR&3P@(LYON9CU8^9C


'Y?FA?^?B?Z2.0\O.5


M\`'0*LZ1Q;R1B-Q)/G#G'+Q[(3/-&&G

V5?5+':;-X\1^]E$@S




M.@T=/'ZZ!66($S
N$VN8[%464HQ8U(U0[0NBN]@1KX)SC]C?8C$VP-06`I;#






O=@A?K6YCX]04F



P(LG


#$U
#
S
2YX;6Q55`4``VDWG%5U


34P
S
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`4``VDW


`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




806


648





373


994














157












378


892







Finite lived intangible assets
 expiration date.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of the costs pertaining to the exclusive legal rights granted to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law. Such costs may have been expended to directly apply and receive patent rights
 or to acquire such rights.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 resulting from a business combination.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Number of Options
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance

000


000



Number of Options
 Issued

000


000



Number of Options
 Cancelled



000



Number of Options
 Outstanding
 Ending balance

550
000


000



Number of Options
 Exercisable

400
000





Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Exercise price per share
 Issued






Exercise price per share
 Cancelled






Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Ending






Options Outstanding
 Average remaining term in years






Options Issued
 Average remaining term in years






Options Outstanding
 Average remaining term in years






Options Exercisable
 Average remaining term in years






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Cancelled






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Outstanding
 Ending balance






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Exercisable













Exercise price per share
 Issued






Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Ending






Exercise price per share
 Exercisable













Exercise price per share
 Issued






Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Ending






Exercise price per share
 Exercisable


















































































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




467


085












968


325












499


760







Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015








  2014





  2016
































































Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]









at March 31
 2015 and 2014 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
794
    
    
    
13
331
    

    
    
    
632
596
    
    
    
372
617
    

    
    
    
3
300
    
    
    
3
300
    

    
    
    
58
752
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
705
442
    
    
    
389
248
    

    
    
    
(159
988
    
    
    
(87
146
    

    
    
    
545
454
    
    
    
302
102
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
59
976
    

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
    
    
545
454
    
    
    
362
078
    



to these assets of $72
103 and $53
951 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




467


085












911





















195





















234


760



















340


880





















160





















960














For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2013
Aug. 31
 2012
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014





















000





  2014









Warrant
 exercisable period


















000














Convertible notes
 beneficial conversion feature







905









971


164





























000


000




















  2013


  2015
















Common stock
 price per share














519


680
000





Warrant
 exercisable period
















000











000











873





Convertible notes
 beneficial conversion feature





905












































400











054



























Common stock
 price per share



























531














































































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015




to employees and directors as of Mach 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

Outstanding April 1
 2013
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2014
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
550
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    













in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    













in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    













in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    













in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    













 $115
119
which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    













 $179
581
which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    













 $0.3814
per share
 ($57
209 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions
and is being written off over a 1 year period:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Fiscal Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
91
881
    

    
    
    
54
529
    

    
    
    
145
410
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
































015
700)


200)





600)


700)





114
300)


900)





114
300


900



























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Convertible Note (Related and Unrelated) - Schedule of Assumptions Used for Fair Value of Warrant (Details) - 12 months ended Mar. 31
 2015 - Warrant One [Member]
























































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









warrants as of March 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
22
664
312
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
907
650
    

    
    
    
1
680
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
190
509
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
64
583
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
015
700
    
    
    
(790
200
    

    
    
    
(98
600
    
    
    
(76
700
    

    
    
    
(1
114
300
    
    
    
(866
900
    

    
    
    
1
114
300
    
    
    
866
900
    








from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax
effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    








31
 2015 and 2014 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
820
800
    
    
    
1
706
500
    

    
    
    
(2
820
800
    
    
    
(1
706
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








 2015
 we have a net
operating loss carry forward of approximately $7
562
400. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used
this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
63
800
    

    
    
    
345
900
    

    
    
    
1
840
300
    

    
    
    
2
324
100
    

    
    
    
2
987
300
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of pertinent information
 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









Policies


 (&#147;we
&#148;
&#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; and the &#147;Company&#148;) was incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the State of Delaware.
We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.


have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;).




include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company
balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.




in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




with an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash equivalents.




institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at March 31
 2015. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds
$250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.




(&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820

(&#147;ASC 820&#148;)
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required
about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing
the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:


available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed on the New York Stock
Exchange.


other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types
of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with
models using highly observable inputs.


to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with
inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine
the fair value of financial transmission rights.


accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 amounts due to a related party
 notes payable
 and convertible notes.
The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.&#160;




Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.
As of March 31
 2015 there is an allowance for doubtful accounts $65
000.




net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of filing
 (&#147;ASC 350&#148;)
 the costs
of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs
associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment is stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of
the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated
useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:


5 years


2 years





evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collection
is reasonably assured.




relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $51
465 and $47
035
 in research
and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840
(&#147;ASC 840&#148;). In addition
 our
lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the rent
holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the occupancy
date. Deferred rent was $1
484 and $1
866 at March 31
 2015 and 2014 respectively and will be charged to rent expense over the
life of the lease.




with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock
equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2015 and 2014 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive
as we had losses for the years then ended.




 new accounting pronouncements
are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are
not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position. ASU Update 2014-09 Revenue From Contracts
With Customers (Topic 606) issued May 28
 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers
with an effective date after December 15
 2016 will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly. In addition
 ASU Update
2014-15 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Sub Topic 205-40) issued August 27
 2014 by FASB defines management&#146;s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The additional disclosure requirement is effective after December 15
 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented
accordingly.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015










 2015
and 2014 we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
968
    
    
    
65
760
    

    
    
    
204
499
    
    
    
44
325
    

    
    
    
211
467
    
    
    
110
085
    








representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2015



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
58
911
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
52
195
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
234
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
135
340
    
    
    
    
    



than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
760
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
160
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
880
    
    
    
    
    






































Tabular disclosure of the extent of the entity's reliance on its major customers
 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




000




000







393


015









132














  2014









291
667







Warrant
 exercise price per share








Warrant
 exercisable period





















638




































971


164




































000












Warrant
 exercise price per share












  2015





Issuance of warrant to debt holders to purchase of common stock
 shares



842








We exercised our right to extend the due date of
the Short-Term Notes to June 20
 2015. The extended Short-Term Notes bear at the rate of 3% per annum and we required us to issue
additional warrants (&#147;Extension Warrants&#148;).









644









917


















232











































000







Officer
 Director And Significant Shareholder [Member]










000


















000
















































































































































































































































































Remaining amortization period for discount on the liability component of convertible debt which may be settled in cash upon conversion
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Information about borrowings which initially required repayment in less than twelve months (or normal operating cycle
 if longer) after its issuance and that does not otherwise qualify as long-term debt. It typically is comprised of borrowings under letters of credit
 lines of credit
 commercial paper
 and notes payable of short duration. Disclosures include amounts of borrowings under each arrangement
 description of underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements such as the effects of refinancings and noncompliance with debt covenants.

























































The portion of the carrying amount of short-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Outstanding Warrants - Summary of Outstanding Warrants (Details) - Mar. 31
 2015 - Warrant [Member] - USD ($)















190
509















583















680
000






























664
312










907
650


































































The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











364
657


632
612





096


640





847


913





386


007





582
986


790
172



Property
 plant and equipment
 net of depreciation

454


078



Intangible asset
 net of amortization

433


654





451


461





796
324


867
365












254


851





262


820





484


866



Short-term notes payable - related party
 net of discount

393


015



Short-term notes payable
 net of discount

631


731



Convertible note
 net of discount

114







551







588
689


283





916





Convertible note
 net of discount



059





617
605


158
342

















Preferred stock
 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding






Common stock
 $0.000001 par value; 95
000
000 shares authorized; and 77
720
828 and 65
247
660
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively








034
623


739
117





808
640)


030
159)





342)







178
719


709
023





796
324


867
365

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























For a classified balance sheet
 the cumulative difference as of the balance sheet date between the payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 within one year of the balance sheet date.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties

000





886)





114




































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 20
 22

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014









Issuance of common stock and warrants
 expenses

212


320







Issuance of common stock and warrants
 expenses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























000















800















900















840
300















324
100















987
300
















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








842


951













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Barfresh Inc. and Smoothie Inc. All inter-company
balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.








in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.









with an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash equivalents.








financial institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at March 31
 2015. However
 we believe that cash on deposit
that exceeds $250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.





Fair
Value Measurement

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 820

Measurements and Disclosures
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and
establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy
as follows:

Level
1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets
and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed
on the New York Stock Exchange.

Level
2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
reported date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or
contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.

Level
3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models
and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights.

Our financial instruments consist of accounts receivable
accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 amounts due to a related party
 notes payable
 and convertible notes. The carrying value of
our financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.








Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.
As of March 31
 2015 there is an allowance for doubtful accounts $65
000.








patents
 net of amortization. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the
 (&#147;ASC 350&#148;)
the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by
ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating to patents
have been capitalized.



Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment is stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of
the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated
useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:


5 years


2 years









persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
and collection is reasonably assured.








relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $51
465 and $47
035
 in research
and development expenses for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.








basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840
(&#147;ASC 840&#148;). In addition
our lease agreement provides for rental payments commencing at a date other than the date of initial occupancy. We include the
rent holidays in determination of straight-line rent expense. Therefore
 rent expense is charged to expense beginning with the
occupancy date. Deferred rent was $1
484 and $1
866 at March 31
 2015 and 2014 respectively and will be charged to rent expense
over the life of the lease.








accordance with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common
stock equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At March 31
 2015 and 2014 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive
as we had losses for the years then ended.








 new accounting pronouncements
are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are
not yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position. ASU Update 2014-09 Revenue From Contracts
With Customers (Topic 606) issued May 28
 2014 by FASB and IASB converged guidance on recognizing revenue in contracts with customers
with an effective date after December 15
 2016 will be evaluated as to impact and implemented accordingly. In addition
 ASU Update
2014-15 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Sub Topic 205-40) issued August 27
 2014 by FASB defines management&#146;s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The additional disclosure requirement is effective after December 15
 2016 and will be evaluated as to impact and implemented
accordingly.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangements (both lessor and lessee). This disclosure may address (1) lease classification (that is
 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

442


248





988)


146)



Property
 plant and equipment

454


102







976



Property and equipment
 net of depreciation

454


078










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

794


331










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

596


617










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

300


300










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

752



































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







at March 31
 2015 and 2014 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
794
    
    
    
13
331
    

    
    
    
632
596
    
    
    
372
617
    

    
    
    
3
300
    
    
    
3
300
    

    
    
    
58
752
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
705
442
    
    
    
389
248
    

    
    
    
(159
988
    
    
    
(87
146
    

    
    
    
545
454
    
    
    
302
102
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
59
976
    

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
    
    
545
454
    
    
    
362
078
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.




































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











778
481)


583
450)












842


951





219


614





379


892





971


164





532







000)







751














544


227)







540





934)


201)





621


594





990)


730)





597)


831)





442


724







200)





282
083)


885
160)












927)


532)





709







158)


561)





376)


093)












283
788


511
180







000





284)









000)







000







132







404)





282
504


235
908





732
045


546
655)





632
612


957





364
657


632
612












185


875



















092


730





638


873







905







232





































































































































































































































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.
















































































































































The aggregate increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount due from the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.

























































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014









Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

720
828


247
660



Common stock
 shares outstanding

720
828


247
660

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











warrants as of March 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
22
664
312
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
907
650
    

    
    
    
1
680
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
190
509
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
64
583
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Jun. 22
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014








































  2015



































































488
500



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



229
533
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











$68
044 and $63
276 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 calculated based on the interest rate stated in
our debt instruments.


6 above
 interest expense includes non-cash amortization of the debt discount of $448
970 and $228
165 for the years ended March
31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


charges of $1
447 for the year ended March 31
 2014.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











467


085





804


534





663


551












211
908


267
270





221


843





346
129


352
113





261
466)


290
562)












015


888





778
481)


583
450)












651
993


276
274











































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.





















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









and Unrelated)


 we closed an offering
of $775
000 in short-term notes payable (&#147;Short-Term Notes&#148;)
 $500
000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder
$100
000 was purchased by the family trust of an officer
 director and significant shareholder and $100
000 was purchased by a
company controlled by a director and significant shareholder. During 2014 the $100
000 that was purchased by the family trust of
an officer
 director and significant shareholder is no longer considered to be owned by the officer as he is no longer
 nor is
any other related party
 the trustee and does not exercise control over the trust and is not classified as a related party debt.
The Short-Term Notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum and were due and payable on December 20
 2014. We also issued 1
291
667
warrants to the Short-Term Note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.45 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable
for a period of five years.


(&#147;ASC 470&#148;)
 we first calculated the fair value of the warrants
issued and then determined the relative value of the Short-Term Notes.


$298
232
 which was the amount recorded as debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount was amortized over the life of
the note
 one year
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately
52% but paid cash at a rate of 2% per annum.


due date of the Short-Term Notes to June 20
 2015. The extended Short-Term Notes bear at the rate of 3% per annum and required
us to issue additional warrants (&#147;Extension Warrants&#148;). We issued 898
842 warrants to the Short-Term Note holders for
the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at
a price of $0.485 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of three years.


the warrants as per the guidance in ASC 470. The relative value of the new warrants
 $164
638
 was the amount recorded as the new
debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount is being amortized over the life of the note
 six months
 and charged to interest
expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 53% but pay cash at a rate of 3% per annum.


 $0.23
per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 2015 was comprised of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(77
976
    

    
    
    
697
024
    



of $17
644 and amortization of debt discount of $316
917 for the year ended March 31
 2015 for this note.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











 2014
we received a cash advance from an affiliate of a director and shareholder of the Company in the amount of $672
157 (Australian
$710
000)
 which was used for the purchase of certain international patent rights. The advance was repaid with interest calculated
at 6.0% per annum
 $5
617. The repayment was made in the form of a note in the amount $200
000 and cash of $451
495
 which was
net of a foreign exchange gain of $26
280
 as payments were due in Australian dollars.


 2014
we received cash advances in the amounts of $12
975 from a relative of an officer of the Company. The advances bear no interest
and were repaid.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









financial statement purposes are:


5 years


2 years














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
015
700
    
    
    
(790
200
    

    
    
    
(98
600
    
    
    
(76
700
    

    
    
    
(1
114
300
    
    
    
(866
900
    

    
    
    
1
114
300
    
    
    
866
900
    



from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax
effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



31
 2015 and 2014 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
820
800
    
    
    
1
706
500
    

    
    
    
(2
820
800
    
    
    
(1
706
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence
 both positive and negative
management has determined that a $2
820
800 and $1
706
500 allowance at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 is necessary to
reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The change in the valuation allowance
for the current year is $1
114
300.


 2015
 we have a net
operating loss carry forward of approximately $7
562
400. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used
this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
63
800
    

    
    
    
345
900
    

    
    
    
1
840
300
    

    
    
    
2
324
100
    

    
    
    
2
987
300
    



 2015 we did not have
any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











which expires October 31
 2014. We renewed the lease and it will now expire on November 7
 2016.


as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Fiscal Years ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
91
881
    

    
    
    
54
529
    

    
    
    
145
410
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




















Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









Unrelated)


 we closed an offering
of $440
000 of convertible notes


12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6
 2013. In addition
 the notes were convertible at any time after the original
issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.372 per share. We also issued
956
519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitled the holder to
purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per share for a term of seven years.


we settled the notes by repaying $40
000 of the notes in cash
 issuing new convertible notes in the amount of $400
000 and received
payment for another note in the amount of $20
000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and are due and payable
on September 6
 2015. In addition the new notes are convertible at any time after the original issue date until the new notes are
no longer outstanding
 into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also issued warrants to the new note
holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common
stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1
680
000 warrants issued. The warrants issued with the original notes were cancelled.


470
 we first calculated the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined
that there was a beneficial conversion feature.


 $0.13
per share
 ($216
531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



the notes was $142
873
 which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We also recorded a beneficial conversion
feature on the convertible notes of $125
905. The amounts recorded as debt discount are being amortized over the life of the notes
two years
 and charged to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 74% but
will be paying cash at a rate of 12% per annum.


 2015 was comprised
of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
420
000
    

    
    
    
(94
886
    

    
    
    
325
114
    



of $50
400 and amortization of debt discount of $132
054 for the year ended March 31
 2015 for this note.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











 2015 consists
of installment payments on two vehicles maturing in November 2019 and April 2020. The installment agreements bears no interest.
Monthly payments are $629 per month.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











 2014
we completed an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and
a three year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&#147;Unit&#148;
or &#147;Units&#148;). We sold 1
600
000 units representing 1
600
000 shares and warrants to purchase 800
000 shares for total
consideration of $400
000.


 $123
496
was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an allocation of the proceeds applied to
the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated to the shares of common stock issued.
The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in
the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



an offering of common stock units at a price of $0.25 per unit. Each unit consisted of one share of common stock
 a three-year
warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless
basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (&#147;Unit&#148;
or &#147;Units) for total consideration of $1
906
500 less $267
645 in cost for a net amount received of $1
638
855.


 estimated
at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $3
089
919. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds
received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock
 has been included
in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of common stock units at a price of $.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock
 a three-year warrant to purchase
one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year
warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share for total consideration of
$2
500
000 less $27
675 in cost for a net amount received of $2
472
325. Included in the cost of the offering is value of Units
issued to legal counsel for services in connection with the offering.


 estimated
at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $1
001
396. The estimated value was higher than the proceeds
received from the sale of the units. Accordingly
 the proceeds received less the par value of the common stock
 has been included
in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 2014
we terminated a contract with a non-employee. All previously unvested stock option expense attributed to the non-employee
 in the
amount of $14
747 was reversed and credited to general and administrative expenses.


stock rights and stock options were subject to performance conditions. As a result of the employee termination the performance
conditions will not be met. In accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 previously
recognized unvested equity based compensation cost of $103
488 has been reversed during the year ended March 31
 2014.


 2014
we issued 600
000 shares of common stock to officers and directors of the Company for services rendered. In accordance with ASC
718 compensation expense in the amount of $240
000 was recognized in the statement of operations for the year ended March 31
 2014.
The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value of the shares on the date of grant.


 2014
we issued 55
000 shares of our common stock to non-employees for consulting services. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC 505
 the
value of the shares was charged to expense in the amount of $28
730. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading value
of the shares on the date of grant.


 2014
we issued options to purchase 800
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share to a Director of the Company.
The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 3 years from the date of issuance
 February 14
 2014. The fair
value of the options
 $115
119
 which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



options issued to employees were cancelled during the year ended March 31
 2014.


 2015
we completed two offerings of common stock units at a price of $0.50 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock
and a five year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (&#147;Unit&#148;
or &#147;Units&#148;). We sold a total of 11
044
000 units representing 11
044
000 shares and warrants to purchase 5
522
000
shares for total consideration of $5
522
000.


 $1
842
613
was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an allocation of the proceeds applied to
the warrants. The difference between the warrant allocation and the proceeds was allocated to the shares of common stock issued.
The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital. The following assumptions were used in
the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 2015
we issued 900
000 shares of common stock to an officer and two employees of the Company for services rendered. In accordance with
ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&#147;ASC 718&#148;)
 compensation expense in the amount of $446
460 was recognized
in the statement of operations.


2015
 we issued 155
000 shares of our restricted common stock to legal counsel and a consultant to the Company. In accordance with
ASC Topic 505
 Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees (&#147;ASC 505&#148;)
 expense in the amount of $113
845 was recognized
in the statement of operations.


 during the year ended
March 31
 2015 we issued 64
100 shares of our Common Stock to a Director. The fair value of the stock was based on the trading
value of the shares on the date of grant. The shares vest over a one year period and are being amortized over that period. The
unamortized balance is shown as Unearned Services in the equity section of the Balance Sheet.


600
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.45 per share to two officers and directors and a director of
the Company. The options vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 5 years from the date of issuance
 January
21
 2014. The fair value of the options
 $179
581
 which was charged to expenses
 was estimated at the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 2015
we issued 150
000 options to a director of the Company. The exercise price of the options is $0.54 per share
 which was the fair
market value of the option on the date of grant and is exercisable for a period of 5 years. The options vest on the first anniversary
of the issuance
 October 14
 2015. The unamortized balance is shown as Unearned Services in the equity section of the Balance Sheet.


 $0.3814
per share
 ($57
209 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions
and is being written off over a 1 year period:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



to employees and directors as of Mach 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

Outstanding April 1
 2013
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
625
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2014
    
    
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
550
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014






631


731





  2014





























000









  2015



























000









429


















000












































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stockholders' Equity - Schedule of Fair Value Assumptions of Option Using Black Sholes Option Pricing Model (Details) - 12 months ended Mar. 31
 2015








Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]






















































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial statements or disclosure in the notes to
the financial statements except as for the following:


 2015
 we renegotiated
the short term notes that were due June 2015. We repaid one note in full ($25
000)
 50% of three notes were paid ($350
000) and
one note was converted to 71
429 shares of our common stock. The balance of the notes due
 $350
000
 are payable on September
20
 2015 and bear interest at 10% per annum.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015




 2015 was comprised of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
775
000
    

    
    
    
(77
976
    

    
    
    
697
024
    













 $0.23
per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    









Tabular disclosure of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value
 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.




























Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 14
 2014
Jan. 21
 2014
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014



















638











211
908


267
270











488









845


730

































000











000




































Number of options issued to purchases of common stock
 shares







000
















119















100

































460











000






































Number of options issued to purchases of common stock
 shares





000




















581




































































209











000














































747











000











730































845











000


































































044
000


600
000









522
000


000









522
000


000









842
613


496










































 a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (which may be exercised on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share (Unit or Units)






















906
500











089
919






















645











638
855














































 a three-year warrant to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share
(which may be exercised on a cashless basis)
 and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half (1/2) share of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share






















500
000











001
396






















675











472
325
































































































































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.






















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Short-Term Notes Payable (Related and Unrelated) - Schedule of Fair Value of Warrants Assumptions Used for Fair Value of Warrant (Details) - 12 months ended Mar. 31
 2015 - Warrant [Member] - Short-Term Notes Payable [Member]
























































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Mar. 31
 2013



355
328


446
709)




331)



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2013

366
660











Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses



511
166






511
180



Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses
 shares

226
000















778






778







232






232







730






730



Issuance of stock for services to non-employees
 shares

000















999






000



Issuance of stock for services to employee
 shares

000















119






119







235)






235)






















583
450)




583
450)



Balance at Mar. 31
 2014



739
117


030
159)




709
023



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2014

247
660











Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses



283
777






283
788



Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash
 net of expenses
 shares

044
000















638






638







845






845



Issuance of stock for services to non-employees
 shares

000















457




665)


793



Issuance of stock for services to employee and directors
 shares

100















790




209)


581











532


532
















Conversion of warrants
 shares

068

















778
481)




778
481)



Balance at Mar. 31
 2015



034
623


808
640)


342)


178
719



Balance
 shares at Mar. 31
 2015

720
828




















































































































































































































































































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











 2015 and 2014
 intangible
assets primarily consists of patent costs of $748
806 and $736
648
 less accumulated amortization of $97
373 and $35
994
 respectively


 2014
we acquired at a cost of $672
157
 all of the international patent rights for a pre-portioned
 ready to blend packet for beverages
particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.


represent cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated
through the expiration date of the patent
 which is December
 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent
costs was $61
378 and $30
892 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


related to intangible property as of March 31
 2015 is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
60
513
    

    
    
    
348
868
    

    
    
    
651
433
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











820
800


706
500





820
800)


706
500)



Deferred income tax assets
 net











 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









 2015 was comprised
of:



Convertible notes payable
 related and unrelated parties
    
    
420
000
    

    
    
    
(94
886
    

    
    
    
325
114
    


















 $0.13
per share
 ($216
531 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    









Tabular disclosure of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value
 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.




























Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.


























































































































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      




 column(s) 3 are contained in other reports


 column(s) 1 are contained in other reports



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











513







513







513







513







513







868





Intangible asset
 net of amortization

433


654







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











 2015
and 2014 we operate in only one segment and sold to two geographic location as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
968
    
    
    
65
760
    

    
    
    
204
499
    
    
    
44
325
    

    
    
    
211
467
    
    
    
110
085
    





representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2015



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
58
911
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
52
195
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
234
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
135
340
    
    
    
    
    



than 10% of sales for the year ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
760
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
160
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
880
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.































