

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-17-003038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				271994359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55131
		FILM NUMBER:		17725730
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8530 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-598-7110
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8530 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90211
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moving Box Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100315








     





UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission
File Number: 000-55131

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
                                         No.)

    
8383
        Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 750
 Beverly Hills
 California
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 $0.000001 par value

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-accelerated
filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30
 2016 was $34
883
532

As
of March 20
 2017
 there were 117
373
082 outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant.




    
    


BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

FORM
10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
    
    

Item
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
    
    

Item
    7.
    
    

Item
    7A.
    
    

Item
    8.
    
    

Item
    9.
    
    

Item
    9A.
    
    

Item
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
    
    

Item
    12.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    




    
    



CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we&rdquo;. &ldquo;us&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Barfresh&rdquo;) expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any
statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 assumptions or future events or performance are not
historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often
 but not always
 made through the use of words
or phrases such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predict&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will likely result&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will continue&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projection&rdquo;
 &ldquo;would&rdquo;
&ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic
conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available
to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that forward-looking statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our
control
 involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance
or achievements.

Certain
risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes
may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business
or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. See &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth in Item 1A.



    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Business
Overview

Barfresh
is a leader in the creation
 manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend frozen beverages. The current portfolio of products
includes smoothies
 shakes and frappes. All of the products are portion controlled and ready to blend beverage ingredient packs
or &ldquo;beverage packs&rdquo;. The beverage packs contain all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including
the base (either sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 real fruit pieces
 juices and ice &ndash; five ounces of water are added
before blending.

Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh
 as well as related trademarks for all of the products. In
November 2011
 the Company acquired the patent rights in the United States and Canada. The Canadian patent has been granted and
the United States patent was granted on August 16
 2016. On October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international
patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty and have been granted in 13 jurisdictions. The patents
are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed the treaty. In addition
 on October 15
 2013
 the Company purchased
all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

The
Company has conducted sales through two channels: National Accounts
 and through an exclusive nationwide distribution agreement
with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;)
 the U.S.&rsquo;s largest broadline distributor
 which was entered into during July
2014.

The
process of obtaining sales orders for National Accounts generally follows several steps
 including product demonstration
 product
testing
 and exclusive flavor development for the larger National Accounts. We are currently in various stages of product development
and testing with a number of National Accounts
 having recently launched in market tests with several major National Key accounts
and is focused on moving from in-market tests to national roll-out with those major National Key accounts.

On
July 6
 2016
 the Company announced that it had signed a supply agreement with a major global on-site foodservice
operator. The agreement
 which marked the culmination of a successful in market test conducted at several locations
 makes Barfresh&rsquo;s
suite of blended beverages available across the customer&rsquo;s diverse customer base in its education
 healthcare
 sports and
entertainment
 and business government channels
 in the US and Canada representing over 2
000 potential accounts.



    
    


In
addition to the National Accounts
 the Company sells to food distributors that supply products to the food services market place.
Effective July 2
 2014
 the Company entered into an exclusive agreement with Sysco Merchandising and Supply Chain Services
 Inc.
for resale by the Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;) to the foodservice industry of the Company&rsquo;s ready-to-blend smoothies
shakes and frappes. All Barfresh products will be included in Sysco&rsquo;s national core selection of beverage items
 making
Barfresh its exclusive single-serve
 pre-portioned beverage provider. The agreement is mutually exclusive; however
 Barfresh may
also sell the products to other foodservice distributors
 but only to the extent required for such foodservice distributors to
service multi-unit chain operators with at least 20 units and where Sysco is not such multi- unit chain operator&rsquo;s nominated
distributor for our products.

The
Company&rsquo;s products have been included in Sysco&rsquo;s &ldquo;Cutting Edge Solutions&rdquo; (&ldquo;CES&rdquo;) Platform
since March of 2016
 and are once again included in Sysco&rsquo;s most recent CES Platform
 announced during February of 2017.
As part of this platform
 our products will receive national advertising and marketing
 and will be considered a core product.
All 72 of SYSCO&rsquo;s OPCO&rsquo;s will participate in the CES program
 and will be evaluated on their success in moving the
CES products.

On
October 26
 2015
 Barfresh signed an agreement with PepsiCo North America Beverages
 a division of PepsiCo
 to become its exclusive
sales representative within the food service channel to present Barfresh&rsquo;s line of ready-to-blend smoothies and frozen beverages
throughout the United States and Canada. Through this agreement
 Barfresh&rsquo; products will be included as part of PepsiCo&rsquo;s
offerings to its significant customer base. The agreement facilitates access to potential National customer accounts
 through
introductions provided by PepsiCo&rsquo;s one-thousand plus person foodservice sales team. Barfresh products have become part
of PepsiCo&rsquo;s customer presentations at national trade shows and similar venues.

Finally
the Company intends to monetize the international patents outside of the current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding
contract manufacturing to other countries and selling either through selling agents or internal sales personnel. The Company will
also consider entering into some form of license or royalty agreements with third parties.

Barfresh
currently utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the products in the United States. Production lines are currently
operational at two locations. The first is in our Salt Lake City contract manufacturer location
 which currently produces products
sold to existing customers. Currently annual production capacity with this contract manufacturer is 14 million units per year.
The second location is with Yarnell Operations
 LLC.
 a subsidiary of Shulze and Burch
 located in Arkansas. The Yarnell&rsquo;s
agreement
 which was signed during February
 2016
 secures additional production capacity ahead of expected sales growth. Barfresh
will have the capacity to ramp up to an incremental production capacity of 100 million units through this agreement. Yarnell&rsquo;s
began shipping product for Barfresh during June of 2016. Yarnell&rsquo;s location enhances the company&rsquo;s ability to efficiently
move product throughout the supply chain to destinations in the eastern United States
 home to many of the country&rsquo;s large
foodservice outlets.

Although
there currently is not a contract in place with any suppliers for the raw materials needed to manufacture our products
 there
are a significant number of sources available and the company does not anticipate becoming dependent on any one supplier. As demand
for the range of our products grows
 we plan to contract a level of raw material requirements to ensure continuity of supply.

Corporate
History and Background

The
Company
 which was incorporated in Delaware on February 25
 2010
 was originally formed to produce movies. As the result of the
reverse merger
 more fully described below
 the Company is now engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend
beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

Reorganization
and Recapitalization

During
January
 2012
 the Company entered into a series of transactions pursuant to which Barfresh Inc.
 a Colorado corporation (&ldquo;Barfresh
NV&rdquo;)
 was acquired
 spun-out prior operations to the former principal shareholder
 completed a private offering of securities
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $999
998
 conducted a four for one forward stock split and changed the name of
the Company. The following describes the steps of this reorganization:



    
    
Acquisition
    of Barfresh NV. 
333
328
    shares of our $0.000001 par value common stock pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement between us
 our former principal shareholder
    Barfresh NV and the former shareholders of Barfresh NV. As a result of this transaction
 Barfresh NV became our wholly owned
    subsidiary and the former shareholders of Barfresh NV became our controlling shareholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Spinout
    of prior business. 
 we spun-out our previous business operations to
    a former officer
 director and principal shareholder
 in exchange for all of the shares of our common stock held by that person.
    Such shares were cancelled immediately following the acquisition.

    
    
    

    
    
Financing
    transaction
 we sold an aggregate of 1
333
332 shares of our common
    stock and five-year warrants to purchase 1
333
332 shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of $1.50 in a private
    offering for gross proceeds of $999
998
 less expenses of $26
895.

    
    
    

    
    
Change
    of name
 we changed the name of the Company from Moving Box Inc. to Barfresh Food Group Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Forward
    stock split
 we conducted a four for one forward stock split of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.




    
    


Strategic
Investment by Unibel

During
November
 2016
 the Company received an equity investment from Unibel
 the majority shareholder of the Bel Group (&ldquo;Unibel&rdquo;).
The Bel Group is headquartered in Paris
 France
 with global operations in 33 countries
 30 production sites on 4 continents and
nearly 12
000 employees. Its many branded products
 including The Laughing Cow
 and
Boursin
 are sold in over 130 countries around the world. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 Unibel
purchased 15
625
000 shares of common stock at $0.64 per share (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) and warrants to purchase 7
812
500 shares
of common stock (&ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) for aggregate gross proceeds to Barfresh of $10 million. The Warrants are exercisable
for a term of five years at a per share price of $.088 for cash. Pursuant to the Investor Rights agreement
 Barfresh has registered
the Shares and the Warrants
 and Unibel was granted a seat on the Barfresh Board. This strategic investment provides Barfresh
with the necessary capital to drive revenue growth while leveraging Unibel&rsquo;s more than 150 years of industrial expertise
innovative capabilities
 world-class marketing and branding expertise to accelerate our growth in new and existing markets and
product channels



Our
products are portion controlled beverage ingredient packs
 suitable for smoothies
 shakes and frappes that can also be utilized
for cocktails and mocktails. They contain all of the ingredients necessary to make a smoothie
 shake or frappe
 including the
ice. Simply add water
 empty the packet into a blender
 blend and serve.






    
    


The
following seven flavors are available as part of our standard portfolio of products:


In
addition to the standard product range
 the Company has developed a number of exclusive flavors for several National Accounts
that are currently engaged in the pre-rollout testing process.

Some
of the key product benefits for operators include:



    
    
Portion
    controlled

    
    
    

    
    
Zero
    waste

    
    
    

    
    
Product
    consistency &ndash; every time a smoothie
 shake or frappe is made

    
    
    

    
    
Easy
    inventory control

    
    
    

    
    
Long
    shelf life (24 months)

    
    
    

    
    
Minimal
    capital investment necessary

    
    
    

    
    
Faster
    and easier to make (less than 60 seconds)

    
    
    

    
    
Ability
    to itemize the ingredients of the beverages on menus

    
    
    

    
    
Products
    require less retail space




    
    


Some
of the key benefits of the products for the end consumers that drink the products include:



    
    
From
    as little as 150 calories (per serving)

    
    
    

    
    
Real
    fruit in every smoothie

    
    
    

    
    
Dairy
    free options

    
    
    

    
    
Kosher
    approved

    
    
    

    
    
Gluten
    Free


Customer
Marketing Material

A
wide range of consumer marketing materials has been created to assist customers in selling blended beverages.



Research
and Development

The
Company incurred research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016
 in the amount of $432
146
 and for the
year ended December 31
 2015 in the amount of $341
998. During the quarter ended September 30
 2016
 we re-classified certain
personnel expenses that had previously been included in personnel expense
 to Research and Development These expenses relate primarily
to the services performed by our Director of Manufacturing and Product Development
 and supporting consultant expenses. The re-classification
is shown in both the current period and the prior period. The increase in Research and Development expenses was primarily attributable
to increased activity in creating unique flavors for potential customers in our national account pipeline.



    
    




There
is significant competition in the smoothie market at both the consumer purchasing level and also the product level.

The
competition at the consumer level is primarily between specialized juice bars (e.g. Jamba Juice) and major fast casual and fast
food restaurant chains (such as McDonalds). Barfresh does not compete specifically at this level but intends to supply its product
to customers that fall within these segments to enable them to compete for consumer demand.

There
may also be new entrants to the smoothie market that may alter the current competitor landscape.

The
existing competition from a product perspective can be separated into three categories:



    
    
Specialized
    juice bar products: The product is made in-store and each ingredient is added separately.

    
    
    

    
    
Syrup
    based products: The fruit puree is supplied in bulk and not portion controlled for each smoothie. These types of products
    still require the addition of juice
 milk or water and/or yogurt and ice. While there are a number of competitors for this
    style of product
 the two dominant competitors are Island Oasis and Minute Maid.

    
    
    

    
    
Portion
    pack products: These products contain only the fruit and yogurt and require the addition of juice or milk and ice. The two
    dominant competitors are General Mills&rsquo; Yoplait Smoothies and Inventure Group&rsquo;s Jamba Smoothies.


The
Company believes that ease of use
 portion control
 premium quality
 and minimal capital investment required to enable a customer
to begin to carry Barfresh beverage products all add up to represent a very significant competitive advantage that will allow
us to quickly gain traction in the market and secure long-term agreements with customers. However
 there are other factors that
may influence the adoption of a particular product by customers
 including their dependence on prior relationships with competition.

Intellectual
Property

Barfresh
owns the domestic and intellectual property rights to its products&rsquo; sealed pack of ingredients.

In
November 2011
 the Company acquired patent applications filed in the United States (Patent Application number 11/660415) and Canada
(Patent Application number 2577163) from certain related parties. The United States patent was issued on August 16
 2016. The
Canadian patent was originally filed on August 16
 2005 and it has been granted.

On
October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent
Cooperation Treaty
 have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed
the PCT. In addition
 the Company purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

Governmental
Approval and Regulation

The
Company is not aware of the need for any governmental approvals of its products.

The
Company utilizes contract manufacturers. Before entering into any manufacturing contract
 the Company determines that the manufacturer
has met all government requirements.

The
Company will be subject to certain labeling requirements as to the contents and nutritional information of our products.

Environmental
Laws

The
Company does not believe that it will be subject to any environmental laws
 either state or federal. Any laws concerning manufacturing
will be the responsibility of the contract manufacturer.



Currently
we have 34 employees and 5 consultants. There are currently 23 employees and 1 consultant selling our products.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

An
investment in the Company&rsquo;s securities involves significant risks
 including the risks described below. The risks included
below are not the only ones that the Company faces. Additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial
or unlikely to occur could also impair our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional
risks and uncertainties actually occur
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively
affected.



    
    


Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have a history of operating losses

We
have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability. These operating losses have been generated while
we market to potential customers. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability
 given
the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate
 we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability
and our failure to do so would adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 including our ability to raise additional funds.

A
worsening of economic conditions or a decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our ability to implement our business
strategy.

Our
success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions
and the availability of discretionary income. There is no certainty regarding economic conditions in the United States
 and credit
and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions could deteriorate at any time. Accordingly
 we may experience declines
in revenue during economic turmoil or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending
leading cost-conscious consumers to be more selective in restaurants visited
 could have a material adverse effect on our revenue
results of operations
 business and financial condition.

The
challenges of competing with the many food services businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins.

We
compete with many well-established companies
 food service and otherwise
 on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product
offered
 customer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience. Our success depends
 in part
 upon the popularity
of our products and our ability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all four day parts. Shifts in consumer
preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all day parts
 or
changes in our menu that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. We compete with other smoothie and
juice bar retailers
 specialty coffee retailers
 yogurt and ice cream shops
 bagel shops
 fast-food restaurants
 delicatessens
caf&eacute;s
 take-out food service companies
 supermarkets and convenience stores. Our competitors change with each of the four
day parts
 ranging from coffee bars and bakery caf&eacute;s to casual dining chains. Many of our competitors or potential competitors
have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do
 which may allow them to react to changes in the market quicker
than we can. In addition
 aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets
 could reduce
our revenue and operating margins. We also compete with other employers in our markets for workers and may become subject to higher
labor costs as a result of such competition.

Fluctuations
in various food and supply costs
 particularly fruit and dairy
 could adversely affect our operating results.

Supplies
and prices of the various ingredients that we are going to use to can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal
fluctuations
 demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries.

These
factors subject us to shortages or interruptions in product supplies
 which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In
addition
 the prices of fruit and dairy
 which are the main ingredients in our products
 can be highly volatile. The fruit of
the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis
 depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase
in pricing of any fruit that we are going to use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure our fruit supply.

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel
 and our business may
be severely disrupted if we lose their services.

Our
future success heavily depends on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If one or more of our
senior executives is unable or unwilling to continue to work for us in his present position
 we may have to spend a considerable
amount of time and resources searching
 recruiting
 and integrating a replacement into our operations
 which would substantially
divert management&rsquo;s attention from our business and severely disrupt our business. This may also adversely affect our ability
to execute our business strategy.

Our
senior management&rsquo;s limited experience managing a publicly traded company may divert management&rsquo;s attention from operations
and harm our business.

With
the exception of our Chief Financial Officer
 our senior management team has relatively limited experience managing a publicly
traded company and complying with federal securities laws
 including compliance with recently adopted disclosure requirements
on a timely basis. Our management will be required to design and implement appropriate programs and policies in responding to
increased legal
 regulatory compliance and reporting requirements
 and any failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines
and penalties and harm our business.



    
    


We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified
 experienced
 highly skilled personnel
 which could adversely affect the implementation
of our business plan.

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract
 retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we
become a more mature company in the future
 we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed
in attracting
 hiring and integrating excellent personnel
 or retaining and motivating existing personnel
 we may be unable to
grow effectively. The loss of any key employee
 including members of our senior management team
 and our inability to attract
highly skilled personnel with sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business.

Product
liability exposure may expose us to significant liability.

We
may face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability and other claims and lawsuits in the event that the development
or use of our technology or prospective products is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects. We may not be able to avoid significant
liability exposure. Although we believe our insurance coverage to be adequate
 we may not have sufficient insurance coverage
and we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage at a reasonable cost. An inability to obtain product liability insurance
at acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization
of our products. A product liability claim could hurt our financial performance. Even if we ultimately avoid financial liability
for this type of exposure
 we may incur significant costs in defending ourselves that could hurt our financial performance and
condition.

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights may force us to incur unanticipated costs.

Our
success will depend
 in part
 on our ability to obtain and maintain protection in the United States and internationally for certain
intellectual property incorporated into our products. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged
 narrowed
 invalidated
or circumvented
 which could limit our ability to prevent competitors from marketing similar solutions that limit the effectiveness
of our patent protection and force us to incur unanticipated costs. In addition
 existing laws of some countries in which we may
provide services or solutions may offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights.

Our
products may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties
 and third parties may infringe our proprietary rights
either of which may result in lawsuits
 distraction of management and the impairment of our business.

As
the number of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights in our industry increases
 products based
on our technology may increasingly become the subject of infringement claims. Third parties could assert infringement claims against
us in the future. Infringement claims with or without merit could be time consuming
 result in costly litigation
 cause product
shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 might
not be available on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement
of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Litigation to determine the validity of any
claims
 whether or not the litigation is resolved in our favor
 could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts
of our technical and management personnel from productive tasks. If there is an adverse ruling against us in any litigation
 we
may be required to pay substantial damages
 discontinue the use and sale of infringing products and expend significant resources
to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses to infringing technology. Our failure to develop or license a substitute
technology could prevent us from selling our products.

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research
 or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
 about our business
 our
share price and trading volume could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock may be impacted
 in part
 by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about our business or us. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us
 continue to cover us or provide favorable
coverage. If one or more analysts downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock
 our share price may decline. In addition
if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in
the financial markets
 which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.

As
a public company
 we will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various
requirements on public companies
 including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate
governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives. Moreover
 these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly.

We
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to continue to operate as a public company
 nor can we
predict the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations
 in many cases due
to their lack of specificity
 and
 as a result
 their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.



    
    


We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or Section 404
 we are required to furnish a report by our management on our
internal control over financial reporting. As such
 our management has conducted this evaluation and
 as of December 31
 2016
identified the following material weaknesses in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting:



    
We
    do not have a fully independent audit committee: We are not currently obligated to have a fully independent audit committee
    including a member who is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K
 under
    applicable regulations or listing standards. However
 it is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee is an important
    internal control over financial reporting
 the lack of which may result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and
    monitoring of internal controls and procedures.

    
    

    
Inadequate
    Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement certain control procedures related
    to segregation of duties.


Management
has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. Effective internal control over financial reporting
is necessary to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud
 our operating results could be harmed. We will need to continue to dedicate internal resources
 potentially
engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to modify and document the adequacy of internal control over financial
reporting
 continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate
 validate through testing that controls are functioning
as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Continued
identification of one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in an adverse
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.

Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

As
a Delaware corporation
 we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits United States
companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. Some foreign companies
 including some that may compete with our Company
 may not be subject to these prohibitions.
Corruption
 extortion
 bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in countries in which
we conduct our business. However
 our employees or other agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences
that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which is a significantly more limited trading market than the New York Stock Exchange
 or
the NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of the Company&rsquo;s shares on the OTCQB may result in a less liquid market available
for existing and potential shareholders to trade shares of our common stock
 could depress the trading price of our common stock
and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.

There
is limited liquidity on the OTCQB
 which may result in stock price volatility and inaccurate quote information.

When
fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTCQB
 volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the
ability to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock
 there may be a lower
likelihood of one&rsquo;s orders for shares of our common stock being executed
 and current prices may differ significantly from
the price one was quoted at the time of one&rsquo;s order entry.

If
we are unable to adequately fund our operations
 we may be forced to voluntarily file for deregistration of our common stock with
the SEC.

Compliance
with the periodic reporting requirements required by the SEC consumes a considerable amount of both internal
 as well external
resources and represents a significant cost for us. If we are unable to continue to devote adequate funding and the resources
needed to maintain such compliance
 while continuing our operations
 we could be forced to deregister with the SEC. After the
deregistration process
 our common stock would only be tradable on the &ldquo;Pink Sheets&rdquo; and could suffer a decrease in
or absence of liquidity.



    
    


Because
we became public by means of a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.

Additional
risks may exist since we became public through a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may
not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. We
cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our Company in the future.

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds
in future securities offerings.

Future
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur
could adversely affect the then prevailing market price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds
in the future through a public offering of our securities.

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 so you may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares
to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares.

Currently
the Company&rsquo;s common stock is quoted in the OTCQB and future trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional
investment funds
 including mutual funds
 as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in OTCQB stocks and
certain major brokerage firms restrict their brokers from recommending OTCQB stocks because they are considered speculative
 volatile
and thinly traded. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and our common stock
is subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting. Thus
 there is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for
the Company&rsquo;s common stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally
result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces
the liquidity of the shares traded there.

The
trading volume of our common stock has been and may continue to be limited and sporadic. As a result of such trading activity
the quoted price for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market
value. Further
 if we cease to be quoted
 holders would find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and as a result
 the market value of our common stock likely
would decline.

Our
common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations.

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors
 including market perception of our
ability to achieve our planned growth
 quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry
 trading volume in
our common stock
 changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting the Company&rsquo;s
competitors or the Company itself. In addition
 the OTCQB is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in general. This
volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their
operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock.

We
are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock.

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB. Our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15(g)-9
 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act as long as the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share. Under such rule
 broker-dealers
who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special
sales practice requirements
 including a requirement that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock
Reform Act of 1990
 also requires additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock.
Generally
 the Commission defines a penny stock as any equity security not traded on a national exchange that has a market price
of less than $5.00 per share. The required penny stock disclosures include the delivery
 prior to any transaction
 of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Such requirements could severely limit the market
liquidity of the securities and the ability of purchasers to sell their securities in the secondary market.

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends
 shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in
value.

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock or common stock. For the foreseeable future
 it is expected
that earnings
 if any
 generated from our operations will be used to finance the growth of our business
 and that no dividends
will be paid to holders of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result
 the success of an investment in our common stock will
depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There can be no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value.



    
    


The
price of our common stock may become volatile
 which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation.

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as:



    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our operating results;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    of developments by us or our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;

    
    
    

    
    
adoption
    of new accounting standards affecting the our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;

    
    
    

    
    
introduction
    of new products by us or our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of our common stock or other securities in the open market; and

    
    
    

    
    
other
    events or factors
 many of which are beyond our control.


The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past
 following periods of volatility in the market
price of a company&rsquo;s securities
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation
initiated against us
 whether or not successful
 could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management&rsquo;s attention
and Company resources
 which could harm our business and financial condition.

Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock.

We
intend to continue to seek financing through the issuance of equity or convertible securities to fund our operations. In the future
we may also issue additional equity securities resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present shareholders.
We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common
stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees
 future acquisitions or for other business purposes. The future issuance
of any such additional shares of common stock will result in dilution to our shareholders and may create downward pressure on
the trading price of our common stock.

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company
 which may be beneficial to
our stockholders
 more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage
 delay or prevent a merger
 acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable
 including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium
for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of
our common stock
 thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition
 because our board of directors is responsible
for appointing the members of our management team
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors.
In addition
 because we are incorporated in Delaware
 we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law
 which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining
with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding
voting stock
 unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive offices are located at 8383 Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 750
 Beverly Hills
 CA 90211. We lease this office space
pursuant to a sub-lease with the primary tenant for $10
 997 per month
 increasing to $11
327 per month as of November 1
 2017.
We lease the office space under a non-cancelable operating sub-lease
 which expires February 28
 2018. We will lease the same
office space pursuant to a direct lease for $14
488 a month beginning March 1
 2018 through March 31
 2019.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

Neither
the Company nor its subsidiaries are party to or have property that is the subject of any material pending legal proceedings.
We may be subject to ordinary legal proceedings incidental to our business from time to time that are not required to be disclosed
under this Item 1.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market
Information

Our
common stock is currently traded on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;BRFH&rdquo;. Our common stock had been quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board since July 27
 2011 under the symbol MVBX. Effective February 29
 2012
 our symbol changed to BRFH based on the
forward split and name change. On March 21
 2012
 our common stock was delisted to Pink Sheets. On January 21
 2014
 we registered
our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations
for the applicable period. These quotations as reported by the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 markdown
or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    




At
March 20
 2017
 there were 117
373
082 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by 101 stockholders
of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial
owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers and registered clearing agencies.



We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors.
We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our board of directors has complete discretion on whether to pay dividends.
Even if our board of directors decides to pay dividends
 the form
 frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations
and earnings
 capital requirements and surplus
 general financial condition
 contractual restrictions and other factors that the
board of directors may deem relevant.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities
Act that were not included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10Q or a Current Report on Form 8K.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Company

There
were no purchases of equity securities made by the Company in the period covered by this report.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The
following table provides information
 as of December 31
 2016
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under
our equity compensation plans:



    
 Options

 Options
 Warrants
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
562
442
    
10
437
558

    
800
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
362
442
    
10
437
558




    
    


Transfer
Agent

Our
transfer agent
 Action Stock Transfer
 is located at 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd
 Suite 214
 Salt Lake City
 Utah 84121
 and its telephone
number is (801) 274-1088.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The
information and financial data discussed below is derived from the audited financial statements of Barfresh for its fiscal year
ended December 31
 2016 and for the unaudited twelve month period ended December 31
 2015. The financial statements of Barfresh
were prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The information
and financial data discussed below is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements
and related notes of Barfresh contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking
statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. See &ldquo;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo;
above for a discussion of forward-looking statements and the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report.

During
the nine-month period ended December 31

 our prior
fiscal period was shortened from twelve months to a nine-month transition period ended on December 31
 2015. 

In
this MD&amp;A
 when financial results for the 2016 fiscal year are compared to financial results for the prior year period
 the
results compare the audited twelve month period ended December 31
 2016 to the unaudited results for the twelve month period ended
December 31
 2015.

Barfresh
is a leader in the creation
 manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend frozen beverages. The current portfolio of products
includes smoothies
 shakes and frappes. All of the products are portion controlled and ready to blend beverage ingredient packs
or &ldquo;beverage packs&rdquo;. The beverage packs contain all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including
the base (either sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 real fruit pieces
 juices and ice &ndash; five ounces of water are added
before blending.

Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh
 as well as related trademarks for all of the products. In
November 2011
 the Company acquired the patent rights in the United States and Canada. The Canadian patent has been granted and
the United States patent was granted on August 16
 2016. On October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international
patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty and have been granted in 13 jurisdictions. The patents
are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed the treaty. In addition
 on October 15
 2013
 the Company purchased
all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

The
Company has conducted sales through two channels: National Accounts
 and through an exclusive nationwide distribution agreement
with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;)
 the U.S.&rsquo;s largest broadline distributor
 which was entered into during July
2014.

The
process of obtaining sales orders for National Accounts generally follows several steps
 including product demonstration
 product
testing
 and exclusive flavor development for the larger National Accounts. We are currently in various stages of product development
and testing with a number of National Accounts and have recently launched in market tests with several major National Key accounts.
The Company is focused on moving from in-market tests to national roll-out with those major National Key accounts.

In
addition to the National Accounts
 the Company sells to food distributors that supply products to the food services market place.
Effective July 2
 2014
 the Company entered into an exclusive agreement with Sysco Merchandising and Supply Chain Services
 Inc.
for resale by the Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;) to the foodservice industry of the Company&rsquo;s ready-to-blend smoothies
shakes and frappes. All Barfresh products will be included in Sysco&rsquo;s national core selection of beverage items
 making
Barfresh its exclusive single-serve
 pre-portioned beverage provider. The agreement is mutually exclusive; however
 Barfresh may
also sell the products to other foodservice distributors
 but only to the extent required for such foodservice distributors to
service multi-unit chain operators with at least 20 units and where Sysco is not such multi-unit chain operators nominated distributor
for our products.

The
Company&rsquo;s products have been included in Sysco&rsquo;s &ldquo;Cutting Edge Solutions&rdquo; (&ldquo;CES&rdquo;) Platform
since March of 2016
 and are once again included in Sysco&rsquo;s most recent CES Platform
 announced during February of 2017.
As part of this platform
 our products will receive national advertising and marketing
 and will be considered a core product.
All 72 of SYSCO&rsquo;s Operating Companies (&ldquo;OPCO&rdquo;) will participate in the CES program
 and will be evaluated on
their success in moving the CES products.



    
    


On
October 26
 2015
 Barfresh signed an agreement with PepsiCo North America Beverages
 a division of PepsiCo
 to become its exclusive
sales representative within the food service channel to present Barfresh&rsquo;s line of ready-to-blend smoothies and frozen beverages
throughout the United States and Canada. Through this agreement
 Barfresh&rsquo; products will be included as part of PepsiCo&rsquo;s
offerings to its significant customer base
 which the Company expects to fast track our growth and expedite the test to market
process. The agreement gives Barfresh access to PepsiCo&rsquo;s one-thousand plus person foodservice sales team
 with Barfresh
products becoming part of PepsiCo&rsquo;s customer presentations.

Finally
the Company intends to monetize the international patents outside of the current area of operations
 North America
 by expanding
contract manufacturing to other countries and selling either through selling agents or internal sales personnel. The Company will
also consider entering into some form of license or royalty agreements with third parties.

Barfresh
currently utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the products in the United States. Ice cream manufacturers are
best suited to produce the products and one production line is currently operational in our Salt Lake City contract manufacturer
location. This manufacturer is currently producing products sold to existing customers as well as producing exclusive test products.
Currently annual production capacity with our Salt Lake City contract manufacturer is 14 million units per year. In February 2016
the Company signed an agreement with Yarnell Operations
 LLC
 a subsidiary of Schulze and Burch
 securing additional production
capacity ahead of expected sales growth. Barfresh now has the capacity to ramp up to an incremental production capacity of 100
million units through this agreement. The Yarnell Operations
 LLC
 subsidiary is strategically located in Arkansas. Yarnell&rsquo;s
location enhances the company&rsquo;s ability to efficiently move product throughout the supply chain to destinations in the eastern
United States
 home to many of the country&rsquo;s large foodservice outlets.

Although
there currently is not a contract in place with any suppliers for the raw materials needed to manufacture our products
 there
are a significant number of sources available and the company does not anticipate becoming dependent on any one supplier. As demand
for the range of our products grows
 we plan to contract a level of raw material requirements to ensure continuity of supply.

During
November
 2016
 the Company received an equity investment from Unibel
 the majority shareholder of the Bel Group (&ldquo;Unibel&rdquo;).
The Bel Group is headquartered in Paris
 France
 with global operations in 33 countries
 30 production sites on 4 continents and
nearly 12
000 employees. Its many branded products
 including The Laughing Cow
 and
Boursin
 are sold in over 130 countries around the world. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 Unibel
purchased 15
625
000 shares of common stock at $0.64 per share (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) and warrants to purchase 7
812
500 shares
of common stock (&ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) for aggregate gross proceeds to Barfresh of $10 million. The Warrants are exercisable
for a term of five years at a per share price of $.088 for cash. Pursuant to the Investor Rights agreement
 Barfresh has registered
the Shares and the Warrants
 and Unibel was granted a seat on the Barfresh Board. This strategic investment provides Barfresh
with the necessary capital to drive revenue growth while leveraging Unibel&rsquo;s more than 150 years of industrial expertise
innovative capabilities
 world-class marketing and branding expertise to accelerate our growth in new and existing markets and
product channels.

Currently
we have 34 employees and 5 consultants. There are currently 23 employees and 1 consultant selling our products.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

Revenue
Recognition

We
recognize revenue when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the
sales price is determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting
fees
 and promotion allowances. Our products are sold on various terms. Our credit terms
 which are established in accordance
with local and industry practices
 typically require payment within 30 days of delivery. We recognize revenue upon receipt of
our products by our distributors and retail accounts
 in accordance with written sales terms
 net of provisions for discounts
or allowances. Allowances for returns and discounts are made on a case-by-case basis. Historically
 neither returns nor discounts
have been material.



We
periodically evaluate whether the carrying value of long-lived assets has been impaired when circumstances indicate the carrying
value of those assets may not be recoverable. The carrying amount is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If the carrying value is not recoverable
 the
impairment loss is measured as the excess of the asset&rsquo;s carrying value over its fair value.



    
    


Share-based
Compensation

We
account for share-based employee compensation plans under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions in accordance
with applicable accounting standards
 which require all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of stock options and
restricted stock units (RSUs)
 to be measured based on the grant date fair value of the awards
 with the resulting expense generally
recognized on a straight-line basis over the period during which the employee is required to perform service in exchange for the
award.

Convertible
Notes

We
issue debt that may have separate warrants
 conversion features
 or no equity-linked attributes. When we issue debt with warrants
we determine the value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model (&ldquo;Black-Scholes&rdquo;) using the stock
price on the date of issuance
 the risk free interest rate associated with the life of the debt
 and the estimated volatility
of our stock. When we issue debt with a conversion feature
 we must first assess whether the conversion feature meets the requirements
to be treated as a derivative. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative
we estimate the fair value of the convertible debt derivative using Black-Scholes upon the date of issuance
 using the stock price
on the date of issuance
 the risk free interest rate associated with the life of the debt
 and the estimated volatility of our
stock. If the conversion feature is not treated as a derivative
 we assess whether it is a beneficial conversion feature (&ldquo;BCF&rsquo;).
A BCF exists if the conversion price of the convertible debt instrument is less than the stock price on the commitment date. This
typically occurs when the conversion price is less than the fair value of the stock on the date the instrument was issued. The
value of a BCF is equal to the intrinsic value of the feature
 the difference between the conversion price and the common stock
into which it is convertible.

Results
of Operations

Results
of Operation for the Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2016 as Compared to the Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2015

Revenue
and Cost of Revenue

Revenue
for 2016 was $ 1
457
499 as compared to $ 490
905 in 2015. Our business grew primarily through the expansion of our business relationship
with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;)
 a major broad line food distributor. We began shipping to Sysco in July 2014
 and
by early 2016 had our products in all 72 of Sysco&rsquo;s Operating Companies. In addition in 2016 we shipped more product directly
to a number of quick serve restaurants and other regional customers outside of the Sysco distribution system.

Cost
of revenue for 2016 was $772
827 as compared to $280
648 in 2015. Our gross profit was $684
672 or 47%
 for 2016 and $210
257
or 42.8% for 2015. During the first quarter of 2016
 we increased our selling prices by approximately 8%
 which helped drive the
higher gross profit margin in 2016. We anticipate that our gross profit percentage will continue to improve in the future
 as
our business gains scale and as we expand our manufacturing operations.

Operating
Expenses

Our
operations during 2016 were directed towards increasing sales and creating and finalizing customized flavors for potential customers.
The increase in our business relationship with Sysco drove an increase in our selling
 marketing
 and general and administrative
expenses. During the first quarter of 2016
 we hired additional sales personnel
 to support and enhance our business relationship
with Sysco
 and to work with the PepsiCo North America sales force in gaining new customers and supporting existing customers.
During the fourth quarter of 2016
 we re-aligned our sales force to a more efficient model
 by increasing the number of dedicated
sales brokers that represent our products
 and reducing the number of sales force employees.

Primarily
as a result of building our sales force
 general and administrative expenses increased from $6
819
183 in 2015 to $10
415
933
in 2016
 an increase of $3
596
750 or 52.7%. We hired additional sales personnel during the first quarter of 2016. However during
the fourth quarter of 2016 we re-aligned our sales force to increase the number of dedicated sales brokers
 and reduced the number
of employees. We expect our full year run rate personnel expenses to reduce by about $1.5 million on a full year run rate
 beginning
in 2017.



    
    


Following
is a breakdown of our selling
 marketing and general and administrative expenses for 2016 and 2015.



    
    
months ended 
    
months ended 
    
    

    

 2016

 2015
    
    

    
5
560
502
2
996
623
2
563
879
    

    
1
133
149
970
575
162
574
    

    
425
781
355
598
70
183
    

    
605
920
404
266
201
654
    

    
96
151
87
025
9
126
    

    
611
737
481
316
130
421
    

    
118
405
161
904
(43
499
    

    
242
668
335
689
(93
021
    

    
165
227
37
088
128
139
    

    
432
146
341
998
90
148
    

    
407
247
158
721
248
526
    

    
617
000
488
38
128
620
    

    
10
415
933
6
819
183
3
596
750
    


Personnel
cost represents the cost of employees including salaries
 employee benefits
 car allowances
 and employment taxes
 and continues
to be our largest expense. Personnel costs increased $2
563
879 (85%)
 from $2
996
623 in 2015 to $5
560
502 in 2016. We hired
26 new employees during 2015
 and had 22 full time equivalent employees for 2015 when taking into consideration new employee start
dates. During 2016
 we hired 20 new employees
 and during the fourth quarter of 2016 we re-aligned our sales force to a more efficient
model
 by increasing the number of dedicated sales brokers that represent our products
 and reducing the number of sales force
employees. When taking into consideration start dates for new employees
 and separation dates for those employees who left our
workforce
 we had 43 full time equivalent employees during 2016. The increase in personnel costs is due to the increase in full
time equivalent employees from 2015 to 2016. At December 31
 2016
 we had 34 full time employees
 as compared to 33 at December
31
 2015. We do not anticipate adding any significant additional personnel during the balance of 2017.

Stock
based compensation is used as an incentive to attract new employees and to compensate and retain existing employees. Stock based
compensation includes stock issued and stock options granted to employees and certain non-employees
 and increased $162
574 (17%)
from $970
575 in 2015 to $1
133
149 in 2016. The fair value of the stock grants is based on the trading value of our shares on
the date of the grants and are being amortized over applicable vesting periods. We anticipate making additional grants in the
future.

Legal
and professional fees
 which include accounting and legal services
 increased $70
183 (20%) from $355
598 in 2015 to $425
781
in 2016. We anticipate legal fees related to ongoing legal compliance to remain comparable to 2016.

Travel
and entertainment expenses increased $201
654 (50%) from $404
266 in 2015 to $605
920 in 2016. The increase is due to an increase
in business activity and an increase in the number of personnel traveling on company business.

Consulting
fees decreased from $335
689 in 2015 to $242
668 in 2016
 a decrease of $93
021 or 28%. A number of individuals who worked as
consultants during a portion of 2015 became employees during the prior period. We anticipate consulting costs to continue to decline
during 2017.

Investor
and public relations fees decreased $43
499 (27%)
 from $161
904 in 2015 to $118
405 in 2016. Our investor relations services
are incurred on a monthly retainer basis. We expect investor relations costs to be relatively constant in 2017 on a full year
basis.

Rent
expense increased $9
126 from $87
025 in 2015 to $96
151 in 2016. Rent expense is primarily incurred for our Headquarters location
in Beverly Hills
 California. During September of 2016 we relocated our Headquarters location to larger sub-leased premises in
Beverly Hills
 where the monthly rent is currently $10
996
 increasing to $11
326 on November 1
 2017. The sub-lease expires on
February 28
 2018. We have entered into a direct lease on the same premises beginning on March 1
 2018
 expiring March 31
 2019
at a monthly rent of $14
487.



    
    


The
Company incurred research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016
 in the amount of $432
146
 and for the
year ended December 31
 2015 in the amount of $341
998. During the quarter ended September 30
 2016
 we re-classified certain
personnel expenses that had previously been included in personnel expense
 to Research and Development These expenses relate primarily
to the services performed by our Director of Manufacturing and Product Development
 and supporting consultant expenses. The re-classification
is shown in both the current period and the prior period. The increase in Research and Development expenses was primarily attributable
to increased activity in creating unique flavors for potential customers in our national account pipeline.

We
anticipate this cost continuing in future periods
 at an increased rate as compared with 2016.

Director
fees for 2016 were $165
227 as compared with $37
088 in 2015. The increase is primarily due to an increase of the number of our
directors during 2016. We currently pay our non-employee directors $50
000 per year. These fees can either be paid in cash
 or
in stock or stock options
 at the election of the director.

Other
expenses consist of ordinary operating expenses such as office
 telephone
 insurance
 and other similar expenses. These expenses
directly correlate to our overall business activity. We expect these expenses to continue to increase during 2017 as our business
grows.

Operating
loss was $9
939
875 in 2016
 and $6
783
818 in 2015.

Interest
expense was $250
850 in 2016
 as compared with $424
245 in 2015. Interest expense for 2015 primarily relates to convertible debt
that was issued in August 2012
 and renewed in September 2013
 and short term notes that were issued in December 2013 and renewed
in December 2014. The stated interest rate on the convertible debt during 2015 was 12%. Interest expense for 2016 relates to $2
670
000
of convertible debt that was issued during September of 2015
 the majority of which was converted to equity during the first quarter
of 2016. The stated interest rate on the convertible debt issued during September of 2015 was 10%.

Net
loss was $10
190
725 in 2016
 and $7
225
920 in 2015.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2016
 we had a working capital surplus of $8
751
702
 primarily due to the equity investment made by Unibel during
the fourth quarter of 2016.

During
the twelve month period ended December 31
 2016
 we used cash of $8
024
788 in operations
 $1
053
498 for the purchase of equipment
net of sales of equipment
 and $64
089 for patents and trademarks

Our
liquidity needs will depend on how quickly we ramp up sales through our relationships with Sysco and PepsiCo.

During
2016 we issued 28
277
329 shares of our common stock (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) and warrants to purchase 14
033
438 Shares (&ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;)
for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $18
812
690. Of these total amounts 24
598
674 Shares were issued for cash of $16
457
150;
3
502
327 Shares were issued for Conversion of Debt in the amount of $2
242
692; and 176
328 Shares were issued in settlement
of debt in the amount of $112
849. Of the total 14
033
438 Warrants issued during 2016
 3
877
186 are priced at $1
00; 7
812
500
are priced at $0.88
 and 2
343
752 are priced at $.0.75. The 2016 financing activity occurred in three separate private placements
with accredited investors. In the first transaction
 we issued 7
754
373 Shares and five year Warrants priced at $1.00 to purchase
up to 3
877
186 Shares
 for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $6
203
498. The first transaction consists of two components:
a new equity raise in the amount of $3
570
000 and the conversion into common equity of $2
633
498 of principal and interest of
convertible promissory notes previously issued during the fourth quarter of 2016. In the second transaction
 we sold 4
687
504
Shares and five year Warrants priced at $.75 to purchase up to 2
343
752 Shares
 for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of
$3
000
000. In the third transaction we sold 15
625
000 Shares
 and five year Warrants priced at $.88 to purchase up to 7
812
500
shares for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $10
000
000. During 2016 we also converted $52
613 of debt into 210
455
shares of stock
 related to a note that was settled for most investors during 2015.

Our
operations to date have been financed by the sale of securities
 the issuance of convertible debt and the issuance of short-term
debt
 including related party advances. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations with the capital raised
we will be required to raise additional funds either in the form of capital or in the form of debt. There are no assurances that
we will be able to generate the necessary capital to carry out our current plan of operations.

We
lease office space under a non-cancellable operating sub-lease
 which expires February 28
 2018
 and we have entered into a direct
lease for the same premises covering the period March 1
 2018 to March 31
 2019. The aggregate minimum requirements under the
non-cancellable sub-lease and direct lease as of December
 2016 is $387
598.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to stockholders.



    
    



Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our
consolidated financial statements are included beginning immediately following the signature page to this report. See Item 15
for a list of the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
 2016.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 for the Company.

Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016.
The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &ldquo;Internal
Control &ndash; Integrated Framework&rdquo; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in 2013 which assessment identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a
control deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that creates a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement in annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that
the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
 2016.



    
    
Management
    has identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting:

    
    
    

    
    
We
    do not have an audit committee made up entirely of independent directors. We are not currently obligated to have an audit
    committee made up entirely of independent directors
 including a member who is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo;
    as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K
 under applicable regulations or listing standards. However
 it is management&rsquo;s
    view that such a committee is an important internal control over financial reporting
 the lack of which may result in ineffective
    oversight in the establishment and monitoring of internal controls and procedures.

    
    
    

    
    
Inadequate
    Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement internal controls over financial reporting.




    
    


Since
the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting did identify material weaknesses
 management
considers its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective.

Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

Management
believes that the material weakness set forth above did not have an effect on the reporting of our financial results.

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weakness and enhance our internal control over financial reporting
 we plan to
engage additional financial personnel to help ensure that we are able to properly implement internal control procedures.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December
31
 2016 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Report:



    
    
    
    
    

Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

Joseph
    S. Tesoriero
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

Steven
    Lang
    
    
    
    

Arnold
    Tinter
    
    
    
Secretary
    and Director

Joseph
    M. Cugine
    
    
    
    

Alice
    Elliot
    
    
    
    

Alexander
    H. Ware
    
    
    
    

Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
    
    


Riccardo
 has been the Chairman of our board of directors
 President and Chief Executive Officer since January 10
 2012.
He has also been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Barfresh Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary
(&ldquo;Barfresh NV&rdquo;)
 since its inception. Mr. Delle Coste is the inventor of the patented technology and the creator of
Barfresh. Mr. Delle Coste developed a unique system using controlled pre-packaged portions to deliver a freshly made smoothie
that is quick
 cost efficient
 healthy and with no waste. In building the business
 he is responsible for securing new business
and maintaining key client relationships. He is also responsible for the development of new product from testing to full-scale
production
 establishment of the manufacturing facilities that have all necessary accreditations
 technology development
 product
improvement and R&amp;D with new product launches. Mr. Delle Coste also has over five years of investment banking experience.
Mr. Delle Coste attended Macquarie University
 Sydney
 Australia while studying for a Bachelor of Commerce for 3.5 years but left
to pursue business interests before receiving a degree.

:
Mr. Delle Coste has 17 years of experience within retail
 hospitality and dairy manufacturing.



    
    


Joseph
 was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on May 18
 2015. Mr. Tesoriero has served as an independent
director of Smart &amp; Final Stores
 Inc. (NYSE: SFS) since July of 2014
 where he serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee
and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. He was most recently engaged as a financial advisor for Dole Asia Holdings
Ltd. Pte.
 a Singapore based wholly owned subsidiary of Itochu Corporation of Japan
 from April 2013 to October 2013. Prior to
this consulting engagement
 Mr. Tesoriero served as Executive Vice Present and Chief Financial Officer of Dole Food Company Inc.
from February 2010 to April 2013
 as its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from August 2004 to February 2010 and as its
Vice President of Tax from September 2002 to August 2004. Prior to joining Dole
 Mr. Tesoriero was Senior Vice President of Tax
of Global Crossing (1998-2002)
 Vice President of Tax of Coleman Camping Equipment (1997-1998)
 International Tax Attorney with
Revlon Cosmetics (1989-1997) and Tax Attorney with IBM (1980-1988). Mr. Tesoriero began his career in 1978 as a Tax Associate
with Haskins &amp; Sells (now Deloitte Touche). Mr. Tesoriero holds a B.S. in Accounting from Villanova University
 a J.D. from
New York Law School and an LL.M. in Taxation from Boston University. He has been a member of the New York State Bar since 1978.

:
Mr. Tesoriero has over 30 years of experience in corporate finance leadership positions.

Steven
 was appointed as Director of the Company on January 10
 2012. He has also served as Secretary of Barfresh NV since
its inception. Prior to joining Barfresh NV
 from 2003 to 2007
 Mr. Lang was a director of Vericap Finance Limited
 a company
that specializes in providing advice to and investing in Australian companies with international growth potential. From 1990 to
1999
 he served as a director of Babcock &amp; Brown&rsquo;s Australian operations where he was responsible for international
structured finance transactions. Mr. Lang received a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of New South
Wales in 1976 and a Master of Laws from the University of Sydney in 1984. He has been a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
in Australia and was licensed to practice foreign law in New York.

:
Mr. Lang has over 35 years of experience in business
 accounting
 law and finance and served as Chairman of an Australian public
company.

Arnold
 was appointed as Director
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company on January 10
 2012. Mr. Tinter
resigned his position as Chief Financial Officer on May 18
 2015 served temporarily as Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Tinter
founded Corporate Finance Group
 Inc.
 a consulting firm located in Denver
 Colorado
 in 1992
 and is its President. Corporate
Finance Group
 Inc.
 is involved in financial consulting in the areas of strategic planning
 mergers and acquisitions and capital
formation. He has been the chief financial officer and a director of other public companies: From 2012 to 2016
 LifeApps Digital
Media Inc. and Arvana Inc. From 2006 to 2010 he was the chief financial officer of Spicy Pickle Franchising
 Inc. In all of the
companies his responsibilities included oversight of all accounting functions
 including SEC reporting
 strategic planning and
capital formation. From May 2001 to May 2003
 he served as chief financial officer of Bayview Technology Group
 LLC
 a privately
held company that manufactured and distributed energy-efficient products. From May 2003 to October 2004
 he also served as that
company&rsquo;s chief executive officer. Prior to 1990
 Mr. Tinter was chief executive officer of Source Venture Capital
 a holding
company with investments in the gaming
 printing and retail industries. Mr. Tinter received a B.S. degree in Accounting in 1967
from C.W. Post College
 Long Island University
 and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in Colorado.

Qualifications:

he served as a director of numerous public companies.

Joseph
 was appointed as Director of the Company on July 29
 2014 and on April 27
 2015
 was appointed president of
our wholly owned subsidiary
 Smoothie Inc. Mr. Cugine is the owner and president of Cugine Foods and JC Restaurants
 a franchisee
of Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in New York. He is also president and owner of Restaurant Consulting Group LLC. Prior to owning and
operating his own firms
 Mr. Cugine held a series of leadership roles with PepsiCo
 lastly as chief customer officer and senior
vice president of PepsiCo&rsquo;s Foodservice division. Mr. Cugine also serves on the board of directors of The Chef&rsquo;s Warehouse
Inc.
 a publicly traded specialty food products distributor in the U.S.
 as well as Ridgefield Playhouse and R4 Technology. He
received his B.S. degree from St. Joseph&rsquo;s University in Philadelphia.

Qualifications:

 marketing
 operations and supply chain spans more than 25 years. He has extensive industry
contacts and proven experience leading and advising numerous successful food distribution companies.

Alice
 was appointed as Director of the Company on October 15
 2014. Ms. Elliot is the founder and chief executive of
The Elliot Group
 a global retained executive search firm specializing in the hospitality
 foodservice
 retail and service sectors.
For more than 20 years
 Ms. Elliot has hosted the exclusive invitation only &lsquo;Elliot Leadership Conference.&rsquo; She was
a co-founder of &lsquo;The Elliot Leadership Institute
&rsquo; a nonprofit organization dedicated to leadership development and
advancement in the foodservice industry
 and is known for her philanthropic and educational endeavors and contributions. Throughout
her career
 Ms. Elliot has received various industry honors
 including the Trailblazer Award from the Women&rsquo;s Foodservice
Forum and induction into the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation&rsquo;s College of Diplomates. She was also
recently named to the Nation&rsquo;s Restaurant News list of the 50 Most Powerful People in Foodservice.

:
Well recognized for the placement of senior-level executives at public and privately held restaurant organizations nationwide
Ms. Elliot is sought out for their intellectual and strategic thought leadership.

Alexander
 was appointed as director of the company on July 13
 2016. Mr. Ware currently serves as the Executive Vice President
&amp; Chief Financial Officer of Buffalo Wild Wings since October 2016. Mr. Ware previously served as Executive Chairman of MStar
Holding Corporation. Mr. Ware served as Interim Chief Executive Officer for MStar Holding Corporation in 2013. Prior to his time
at MStar Holding Corporation
 he served as a Senior Advisor and previously as Executive Vice President of Strategic Development
of Pohlad Companies
 a family office
 from 2010 to 2015. He served in increasing capacities at PepsiAmericas
 Inc. and related
companies culminating as Executive Vice President &amp; Chief Financial Officer from 2005 to 2010. Previously
 he was Senior
Associate at Booz Allen Hamilton
 Inc. from 1990-1994. Mr. Ware received his Bachelor of Arts
degree in Economics from the Hampden-Sydney College and his Master of Business Administration from Darden Graduate School of Business
at University of Virginia.

Qualifications:
Mr. Ware brings over 30 years of experience in leadership
 strategic planning and business portfolio management.



    
    


Isabelle
 was appointed as director of the Company on December 16
 2016. She is the Chief Investment Officer for Unibel
parent company of Bel Group. Bel is an international France-based group
 a world leader in branded cheese business
 with brands
such as Laughing Cow
 Mini-Babybel or Boursin. In that position since January 2016
 Ms. Ortiz-Cochet drives Unibel diversification
strategy
 and leads the investment portfolio development. She was previously VP Strategic Development at Bel Group Form September
2013 to December 2015. From 2007 to 2013
 based out of Bel&rsquo;s New York office
 Ms. Ortiz-Cochet led the development of long
term strategies in North and South America
 as well as Marketing strategy in the region. Prior to that position
 she held a number
of leadership positions in marketing and global strategy at Bel out of the Paris office
 at French
 European and corporate levels.
Isabelle began her career with Kimberly Clark in France. Isabelle earned a master degree from ESSEC Business School in France
and an executive MBA from HEC Business School
 France

Pursuant
to the investor rights agreement between Barfresh and Unibel dated November 23
 2016
 Unibel is entitled to appoint one director
to the board of directors of Barfresh
 which director is entitled to sit on each committee of the board of directors selected
by the Unibel
 unless Unibel has beneficial ownership of less than: (i) 75.0% of the Shares; and (ii) 5.0% of the company&rsquo;s
issued and outstanding common stock. Unibel has designated Isabelle Ortiz-Cochet as its board designee. Barfresh has agreed to
call shareholder meetings whenever necessary to ensure Unibel&rsquo;s designee is elected as a director. At any time that Unibel&rsquo;s
designee is not a director
 Unibel&rsquo;s designee will be entitled to be a board observer. Riccardo Delle Coste
 Steven Lang
and their respective affiliates have agreed to vote their shares in favor of Unibel&rsquo;s designee.

Employment
Agreements

On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie
 Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement with Riccardo Delle Coste
 its Chief Executive Officer
and director. Mr. Delle Coste is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement
he will receive a base salary of $350
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance
targets. In addition
 Mr. Delle Coste will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie
 Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph M. Cugine to serve as President of Smoothie
Inc. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Cugine will receive a base salary of $300
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of
his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance targets. In addition
 Mr. Cugine will receive 8-year options to purchase
up to 600
000 shares of Barfresh
 one-half vesting on each of the second and third anniversaries of the date of Mr. Cugine&rsquo;s
employment agreement. In addition
 he will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

The
Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph S. Tesoriero on May 18
 2015
 pursuant to which he agreed to
serve as Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Tesoriero will receive a base salary of $250
000 and
performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary
 based upon performance targets determined by the Board of Directors. In addition
Mr. Tesoriero was granted 350
000 shares of common stock of Barfresh and 8-year options to purchase up to 500
000 shares of common
stock of Barfresh. One-half of each of the share and option grants vests on each of the second and third anniversaries of the
date of commencement of Mr. Tesoriero&rsquo;s employment. Mr. Tesoriero will also receive 8-year performance options to purchase
up to an additional 350
000 shares on an annual basis. All shares and options granted under the employment agreement are subject
to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

Term
of Office

Directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of shareholders or until removed from office
in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until the earlier of resignation
or removal.

Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that four of our seven directors are independent
which constitutes a majority.

Board
Committees

We
currently have an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and governance committee. The members of the audit
committee are Arnold Tinter
 Steven Lang and Riccardo Delle Coste. The audit committee is primarily responsible for reviewing
the services performed by our independent auditors and evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls.
Steven Lang is the only independent member of the audit committee
 as defined above. In the future we expect to have an audit
committee comprised of all independent members. The members of the compensation committee are Arnold Tinter
 Alice Elliot and
Riccardo Delle Coste. The compensation committee is primarily responsible for reviewing and approving our salary and benefits
policies (including stock options) and other compensation of our executive officers. The members of the nominating committee are
Arnold Tinter
 Alice Elliot and Steven Lang. The nominating and governance committee is primarily responsible for overseeing corporate
governance and for identifying
 evaluating and recommending individuals to serve as directors of the company.



    
    


Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to the
Company
 have any material interest adverse to the Company or have been subject to legal
 administrative or judicial orders
 proceedings
or decrees required to be disclosed.

Code
of Ethics

Our
Chief Executive Officer
 and our Chief Financial Officer are bound by a Code of Ethics that complies with Item 406 of Regulation
S-K of the Exchange Act.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.

To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh with respect to our most recent fiscal
year or written representations from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 our directors
executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements with
the exception of the following: Alexander H. Ware filed a late Form 3 filing and a late Form 4 filing and Riccardo Delle Coste
has not filed one or more Form 4 filings.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following table summarizes all compensation for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2016 (&ldquo;2016&rdquo;) and Transition Period
9 months ending December 31
 2015 (&ldquo;12/2015&rdquo;) received by our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;:



    
    
    
    
 (1)
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
364
583
43
750
57
118
158
750
    
    
11
700
635
901

    
    
289
583
    
    
    
    
    
7
200
296
783

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 President
 Barfresh Corp. Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary
    
300
000
25
137
32
818
139
382
    
    
    
497
337

    
    
212
500
    
&nbsp;600
000 
310
420
    
    
41
667
1
164
587

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Financial Officer
    
290
000
19
488
25
443
95
646
    
    
    
430
577

    
    
156
250
    
287
000
435
403
    
    
    
878
653




    
    




    
Represents
    discretionary bonuses for fiscal year 2015 that were paid during fiscal year 2016. Whether or not bonuses will be paid for
    fiscal year 2016 is discretionary and has not yet been determined.

    
    

    
Represents
    121
527 shares of restricted stock valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The shares were granted on December 12
 2016
    and vest ratably over the next three years.

    
    

    
Represents
    two stock option grants: (1) 250
000 options shares issued 5/25/2016
 with an exercise price of $0.61
 which vest ratably
    over the next three years and are exercisable until 5/25/2024 and (2) 125
000 options issued on 11/25/2016
 with an exercise
    price of $0.72
 which vest ratably over the next three years and are exercisable until 11/25/2024.

    
    

    
Represents
    the car allowance paid to Mr. Delle Coste.

    
    

    
Represents
    69
825 shares of restricted valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The shares were granted on 12/12/2016 and vest ratably
    over the next three years.

    
    

    
Represents
    two stock option grants: (1) 250
000 options issued on 5/25/2016
 with an exercise price of $0.61
 which vest ratably over
    the next three years and are exercisable until 5/25/2024 and (2) 83
791 options issued on 11/25/2016
 with an exercise price
    of $0.72
 which vest ratably over the next three years and are exercisable until 11/25/2024.

    
    

    
Represents
    1
000
000 shares of restricted stock valued at the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
    718. The shares vest 50% in 2017 and 50% in 2018.

    
    

    
Represents
    option to purchase 600
000 shares of common stock. The exercise price of the options is $0.50
 vest 50% in 2017 and 50% in
    2018
 and are exercisable until 5/1/2023.

    
    

    
Represents
    consulting fees paid to Mr. Cugine prior to becoming an employee.

    
    

    
Represents
    54
133 shares of restricted stock valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The shares were granted on December 12
 2016
    and vest ratably over the next three years.

    
    

    
Represents
    two stock option grants: (1) 175
000 options issued on 5/25/2016
 with an exercise price of $0.61
 which vest ratably over
    the next three years and are exercisable until 5/25/2024 and (2) 54
567 options issued on 11/25/2016
 with an exercise price
    of $0.72
 which vest ratably over the next three years and are exercisable until 11/25/2024.

    
    

    
Represents
    350
000 shares of restricted stock valued at the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
    718. The shares vest 50% in 2017 and 50% in 2018.

    
    

    
Represents
    option to purchase 500
000 shares of common stock. The exercise price of the options is $0.82
 vest 50% in 2017 and 50% in
    2018
 and are exercisable until 5/1/2023.


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
 shares


    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
250
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
121
527
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
600
000
    
    
    
1
000
000
875
000
    

    
250
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
83
791
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
69
825
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
500
000
    
    
    
350
000
306
250
    

    
175
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
54
567
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
54
133
    
    




    
    





    
Fully
    vested.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 5/25/2017
 5/25/2018 and 5/25/2019.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 11/25/2017
 11/25/2018
 and 11/25/2019.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 5/1/2017 and 5/1/2018.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 5/25/2017
 5/25/2018 and 5/25/2019.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 11/25/2017
 11/25/2018 and 11/25/2019.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 5/18/2017 and 5/18/2018.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 5/25/2017
 5/25/2018 and 5/25/2019.

    
    

    
Vest
    in equal increments on 11/25/2017
 11/25/2018
 and 11/25/2019.


Compensation
of Directors

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our directors that were not employees for the fiscal year ended December 31
2016. A director who is a Company employee does not receive any compensation for service as a director. The compensation received
by directors that are employees of the Company is shown above in the summary compensation table. We reimburse all directors for
expenses incurred in their capacity as directors.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
70
000
120
000

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
50
000

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
50
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
23
561
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Represents
    consulting fees paid to Mr. Tinter.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Ware joined the board on July 13
 2016.

    
    

    
Ms.
    Ortiz-Cochet joined the board on December 16
 2016
 and has elected to receive Stock Options for her service beginning in
    2017.


Employment
Agreements

On
April 27
 2015
 The Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Riccardo Delle Coste
 its Chief Executive Officer
and director. Mr. Delle Coste is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement
he will receive a base salary of $350
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance
targets. In addition
 Mr. Delle Coste will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.



    
    


On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph M. Cugine to serve as President of Smoothie
Inc. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Cugine will receive a base salary of $300
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of
his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance targets. In addition
 Mr. Cugine will receive 8-year options to purchase
up to 600
000 shares of Barfresh
 one-half vesting on each of the second and third anniversaries of the date of Mr. Cugine&rsquo;s
employment agreement. In addition
 he will receive up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan

The
Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Joseph S. Tesoriero on May 18
 2015
 pursuant to which he agreed to
serve as Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Tesoriero will receive a base salary of $250
000 and
performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary
 based upon performance targets determined by the Board of Directors. In addition
Mr. Tesoriero was granted 350
000 shares of common stock of Barfresh and 8-year options to purchase up to 500
000 shares of common
stock of Barfresh. One-half of each of the share and option grants vests on each of the second and third anniversaries of the
date of commencement of Mr. Tesoriero&rsquo;s employment. Mr. Tesoriero will also receive 8-year performance options to purchase
up to an additional 350
000 shares on an annual basis. All shares and options granted under the employment agreement are subject
to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of [ ]
 2017 for (i)
each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock
 (ii) each named executive
officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any
shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii) of which
such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants
or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors
and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner&rsquo;s spouse or children.

For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of [ ]
 2017. As of [ ]
 2017
 the Company had [ ] shares of common
stock outstanding. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group
of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of [ ]
 2017 is deemed
to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 5
 2017
 for
(i) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock
 (ii) each named
executive officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially
own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii)
of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options
or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for
our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner&rsquo;s
spouse or children.

For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 5
 2017. As of March 5
 2017
 the Company had 117
373
082
shares of common stock outstanding. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by
each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of
March 5
 2017 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership.



    
    




    
    

    
    
 of beneficial
 ownership
    
class o/s

    
20
537
933
    

    
    
    

    
19
837
933
    

    
    
    

    
19
826
071
    

    
    
    

    
19
337
475
    

    
    
    

    
179
886
    

    
    
    

    
950
000
    

    
    
    

    
902
159
    

    
    
    

    
554
599
    

    
    
    

    
253
875
    

    
    
    

2 Allee De Longchamp Suresnes
 France
    
    

    
    
    

    
43
204
523
    

    
    
    

Unibel 2 Allee De Longchamp Suresnes
 France 92150 
23
437
500
    

    
    
    

Lazarus Investment Partners LLLP 3200 Cherry Creek South Drive Suite 670 Denver
 CO 80209 
17
234
548
    

    
    
    

Wolverine Asset Management
 LLC (&ldquo;WAM&rdquo;) 175 West Jackson Blvd. Suite 340 Chicago
 IL 60604 
6
501
600
    




    
The
    address of those listed
 except as noted is c/o Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 8383 Wilshire Blvd.
 Beverly Hills
 CA 90211.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Delle Coste is the Chief Executive Officer
 President and a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    19
454
156 shares owned by R.D. Capital Holdings PTY Ltd. and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    550
000 shares underlying options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    282
647 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which was R.D. Capital Holdings
    PTY Ltd. And of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    25
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which was R.D. Capital Holdings
    PTY Ltd. and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    76
130 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common shares
 the holder of which was R.D. Capital
    Holdings PTY Ltd. and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Lang is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    19
054
828 shares owned by Sidra Pty Limited of which Steven Lang is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    150
000 shares underlying options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    282
646 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note the holder of which is Sidra PTY Limited.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Tesoriero is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    76
629 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a promissory note and conversion thereof.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Tinter is the Secretary and a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    150
000 shares underlying options granted.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Cugine is President of a subsidiary of the Company and a Director.

    
    

    
Includes
    500
000 shares owned by Restaurant Consulting Group LLC of which Mr. Cugine is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    96
020 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common shares.




    
    




    
Ms.
    Elliot is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    360
000 shares owned by Elliot-Herbst LP of which Alice Elliot is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    64
599 shares owned by Elliot-Herbst Family LLC of which Ms. Elliot is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    130
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common shares.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Ware is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    156
250 shares owned by The Alexander Ware Revocable Trust of which Mr. Ware is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    78
125 shares underlying warrants issued to The Alexander Ware Revocable Trust in connection with purchase of common stock.

    
    

    
Includes
    7
812
500 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common stock.

    
    

    
Includes
    4
813
230 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common stock.

    
    

    
Wolverine
    Asset Management
 LLC (&ldquo;WAM&rdquo;) is the investment manager of Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited and has voting
    and dispositive power over these securities. The sole member and manager of WAM is Wolverine Holdings
 L.P. (&ldquo;Wolverine
    Holdings&rdquo;). Robert R. Bellick and Christopher L. Gust may be deemed to control Wolverine Trading Partners
 Inc.
 the
    general partner of Wolverine Holdings.

    
    

    
Includes
    2
000
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common stock.


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2016
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under &ldquo;Executive Compensation&rdquo;). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to or better than terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions.

On
January 29
 2016
 we closed a private placement to accredited investors of $2
670
000 in promissory notes and warrants to purchase
up to 1
297
500 shares of common stock of the Company for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $2
670
000. Of the aggregate
offering amount
 $635
000 of the notes and warrants to purchase up to 317
500 shares of common stock were placed with members
of the Company&rsquo;s management
 including officers and directors of the Company
 and family members of certain officers and
directors.

On
September 28
 2016 we closed a private placement to accredited investors of 4
687
504 shares of common stock at $.64 per share
and warrants to purchase up to 2
343
752 shares of common stock
 for aggregate proceeds to the Company of $3
000
000. Of the aggregate
offering amount
 371
639 shares and 185
819 warrants
 were placed with members of the Company&rsquo;s management
 including officers
and directors of the Company
 and family members of certain officers and directors.

The
Company&rsquo;s policy with regard to related party transactions requires any related party loans that are (i) non-interest bearing
and in excess of $100
000 or (ii) interest bearing
 irrespective of amount
 must be approved by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors.
All issuances of securities by the Company must be approved by the board of directors
 irrespective of whether the recipient is
a related party. Each of the foregoing transactions
 if required by its terms
 was approved in this manner.



    
    


Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that four of our seven directors are independent
which constitutes a majority.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered to the Company by Eide Bailly LLP for the year ended December 31
 2016 and nine months
ended December 31
 2015 were as follows.



    
    
    

    
53
208
39
920

    
    
    

    
13
700
    

    
    
    

    
66
908
39
920


As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees.
 2016
 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015 were for the
audits of our financial statements and reviews of our interim financial statements included in our annual and quarterly reports.

Audit
Related Fees. 
 2016
 or the
nine months ended December 31
 2015
 that are not reported under Audit Fees.

Tax
Fees.
 2016
 were related to the preparation of corporate income
tax returns. No tax fees were paid for the nine months ended December 31
 2015.

All
Other Fees. 
ended December 31
 2016 or the nine months ended December 31
 2015.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 an audit committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The SEC&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
audit committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Company has established an Audit Committee. Accordingly
 audit services and non-audit services described in this Item 14 were
pre-approved by an Audit Committee.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)
1. Financial Statements 
See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.
2.
Financial Statement Schedules 
All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.
3.
Exhibits 
See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.
(b)
Exhibits 
See
Item 15(a) (3) above.
(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 
See
Item 15(a) (2) above.



    
    





Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    
    

Date: March 30
 2017

    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste

    
    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    

 2017

Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph Tesoriero
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    

 2017

Joseph
    Tesoriero
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Lang
    
    
    

 2017

Steven
    Lang
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Arnold Tinter
    
    
    

 2017

Arnold
    Tinter
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph M. Cugine
    
    
    

 2017

Joseph
    M. Cugine
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alice Elliot
    
    
    

 2017

Alice
    Elliot
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Isabelle Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
    

 2017

Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2017

    
    
    
    
    




    
    



Exhibit
Index




    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Share
    Exchange Agreement dated January 10
 2012 by and among Moving Box Inc.
 Andreas Wilcken
 Jr.
 Barfresh Inc. and the shareholders
    of Barfresh Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 25
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 (Registration
    No. 333-168738) as filed August 11
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of Barfresh Food Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as
    filed August 4
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 13
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Smoothie Holdings Inc. dated February 16
 2012 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June
    30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June
    30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series D Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June
    30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series PA Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed
    June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series CN Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed
    June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series EN Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019)
    as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series E Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-203340)
    as filed April 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series G Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 16
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series H Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019)
    as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series I Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019)
    as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Convertible Promissory Note dated January 29
 2016 by Barfresh Food Group Inc. in favor of certain investors (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of warrant dated December 1
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration
    No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series K Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-333-215322)
    as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Series J Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-333-215322)
    as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement dated February 16
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Intellectual
    Property Sale Deed by and between National Australia Bank Limited and Barfresh Inc. dated October 15
 2013 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed November 20
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 16
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group Inc. and certain investors. (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Investor Rights Agreement dated November 23
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Unibel*

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 23
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Unibel (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 28
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form
of Registration Rights Agreement dated September 28
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)




    
    




    
    
Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed June
30
 2014)+

    
    
    

    
    
Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July
7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie
 Inc. and Riccardo Delle Coste dated April 27
 2015 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.11 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie
 Inc. and Joseph M. Cugine dated April 27
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.12 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive
    Employment Agreement by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Joseph S. Tesoriero dated May 18
 2015 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiaries
    *

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (filed herewith)*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002 (filed herewith)*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer of the Company
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer of the Company
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*



    
XBRL
    Instance.


    
    
XBRL
    Schema.


    
    
XBRL
    Presentation.


    
    
XBRL
    Calculation.


    
    
XBRL
    Definition.


    
    
XBRL
    Label.
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.

Furnished
herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.



    
    











    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31
 2016 and the Nine Months Ended December 31
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Period from April 1
 2015 to December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31
 2016 and the Nine Months Ended December 31
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm



 Inc.

 California


balance sheets of Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2016 and the nine-month period ended December 31
 2015.
Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States.) Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is
not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Plan&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. as of
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2016 and the nine-month
period ended December 31
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



    
    

    
    

Denver
 Colorado
    

March 29
 2017
    




    
    
    



 2016 and 2015



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

180

    
    
    

986

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

655

    
    
    

373

    


 plant and equipment

    
    

494

    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

823

    
    
    

695

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    

975

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

579

    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

625

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 $0.000001 par value; 300
000
000 shares authorized; 117
103
276 and 86
186
453 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

829

    
    
    

798

    

    
    
    

919

    
    
    

728

    

    
    
    

910

    
    
    

069

    

    
    
    

823

    
    
    

695

    



financial statements


    
    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

457

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

415

    
    
    

666

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

624

    
    
    

801

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

939

    
    
    

615

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

190

    
    
    

920

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

557

    
    
    

149

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



financial statements


    
    
    
Barfresh Food Group
 Inc.


 2015 to December
31
 2016



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

720

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

034

    
    
    

808

    
    
    


    
    
    

178

    

    
    
    

695

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

628

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

920

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

920

    

    

    
    

186

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

798

    
    
    

728

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

069

    


 net of expenses of $750

    
    

598

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

707

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

707

    

    
    
    

464

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

502

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

242

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

242

    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

133

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

133

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

190

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

190

    

    
    
    

103

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

829

    
    
    

919

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

910

    



financial statements


    
    
    





    
    
    
 ended
 December 31

    
    
    
 month ended
 December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

190

    
    
    

920

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

133

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

024

    
    
    

128

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

053

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

080

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

457

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

670

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

300

    
    
    

995

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

194

    
    
    

378

    

    
    
    

986

    
    
    

364

    

    
    
    

180

    
    
    

986

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

450

    
    
    

160

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



statements


    
    
    
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies


 (&ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the State of Delaware.
We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.


 2015
 the Company changed its
fiscal year end from March 31 to December 31 with immediate effect. The Company previously filed a Transition Report on Form 10-K
for the nine-month period ending December 31
 2015.


been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).




the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries
 Barfresh Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc. All inter-company
balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.




accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




an original maturity of three months or less
 at the time of purchase
 to be cash equivalents.




institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at December 31
 2016 and 2015. However
 we believe that cash on deposit
that exceeds $250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.




Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820
 (&ldquo;ASC 820&rdquo;)
provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required about fair value measurements.
Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to
unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:


in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included in
Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


than quoted prices in active markets
 but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types of assets
and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with models using
highly observable inputs.


that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring
significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine the fair value
of financial transmission rights.


receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payable
 and convertible notes. The carrying value of our financial instruments
approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.




Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.
As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 there is no allowance for doubtful accounts. There was no bad debt expense for the year ended
December 31
 2016 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015.


    
    
    



carried at the lower of cost or market on a first in first out basis.




net of amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from
 (&ldquo;ASC
350&rdquo;)
 the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as
allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating
to patents have been capitalized.


to trademarks have been capitalized. We have determined that trademarks have an indeterminable life and therefore are not being
amortized.

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 plant
 and equipment is stated at
cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of
the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated
useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:









evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collection
is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts
 slotting fees
 and promotion allowances. Our products
are sold on various terms. Our credit terms
 which are established in accordance with local and industry practices
 typically require
payment within 30 days of delivery. We recognize revenue upon receipt of our products by our distributors and retail accounts
in accordance with written sales terms
 net of provisions for discounts or allowances. Allowances for returns and discounts are
made on a case-by-case basis. Historically
 neither returns nor discounts have been material.




to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $432
146 and $256
499
 in research and development
expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015
 respectively.




basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840
(&ldquo;ASC 840&rdquo;). Rent expense is
charged to expense beginning with the occupancy date. Deferred rent was $165 and $1
855 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
and will be charged to rent expense over the life of the lease.




in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740
 (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;). Under this method
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period that includes the enactment date.


how companies should recognize
 measure
 present
 and disclose in their financial statements
 uncertain tax positions taken or
expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740
 tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when
it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially
and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts.


 2016 and for
the nine months ended December 31
 2015 we did not have any interest and penalties or any significant unrecognized uncertain tax
positions.


    
    
    



with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock
equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At December 31
 2016 and 2015 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive
as we had losses for the periods then ended.




with ASC Topic 718
 (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;). ASC 718 requires that the cost resulting
from all share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements and establishes fair value as the measurement
objective in accounting for share-based payment arrangements and requires all entities to apply a fair-value-based measurement
method in accounting for share-based payment transactions with employees except for equity instruments held by employee stock ownership
plans




 new accounting pronouncements
are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not
yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.


the effect of the standard on our financial statements and continue to evaluate the available transition methods. However
 based
on our initial evaluation
 we do not expect there to be material changes to our current Revenue Recognition policies due to the
non-complex contracts with our customers
 including the definition of our performance obligations and the transaction prices in
our contracts with our customers. The Company does not plan to adopt the standard until the interim period ended March 31
 2018.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
. The guidance requires an entity to
present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability
 consistent
with debt discounts
 rather than as an asset. Amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.
Debt issuance costs related to revolving credit arrangements
 however
 will continue to be presented as an asset and amortized
ratably over the term of the arrangement. ASU 2015-03 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015 including
interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted
 and upon adoption
 ASU 2015-03 should be applied on
a retrospective basis. We have adopted ASU 2015-03 and it has not had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11

 which simplifies the measurement principle of inventories valued under the First-In
 First-Out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;)
or weighted average methods from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective
for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016 including interim periods within those annual periods. We do not expect
the standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17

 which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as
noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including
interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
period. Upon adoption
 ASU 2015-17 may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of this
guidance to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02

 to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets
(&ldquo;lessees&rdquo;) to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset on its balance sheet for all leases with terms
of more than twelve months. A lease liability is a lessee&rsquo;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured
on a discounted basis and a right-of-use asset represents the lessee&rsquo;s right to use
 or control use of
 a specified asset
for the lease term. The amendments in this ASU simplify the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees
must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. This ASU leaves the accounting for the organizations that own the assets leased
to the lessee (&ldquo;lessor&rdquo;) largely unchanged except for targeted improvements to align it with the lessee accounting
model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.


the effect of the standard on our financial statements and continue to evaluate the available transition methods. However
 based
on our initial evaluation
 we do not expect there to be material changes to both our current and long-term lease liabilities and
our fixed assets of our limited number of operating leases that will be converted to financing leases under the new guidance. The
Company does not plan to adopt the standard until the interim period ended March 31
 2019.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which amends ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation. This ASU
simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions
 including (i) income tax consequences
(ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 (iii) whether to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they
occur and (iv) classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 31
 2016. Early adoption will be permitted with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year
of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
- Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
 which is intended to reduce diversity
in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The eight items that the ASU provides classification
guidance on include (1) debt prepayment and extinguishment costs
 (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments
 (3) contingent
consideration payments made after a business combination
 (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
 (5) proceeds from
the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies
 including bank-owned life insurance policies
 (6) distributions received
from equity method investments
 (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions
 and (8) separately identifiable cash flows
and application of the predominance principle. The standard is effective on January 1
 2018
 however early adoption is permitted.
The standard requires the use of the retrospective transition method. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of
this new guidance.




December 31
 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

605

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

641

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

244

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

494

    
    
    


    



these assets of $147
131 and $89
648 for the year ended December 31
 2016 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015
 respectively.




 2016
 intangible assets
consist of patent costs of $750
640
 trademarks of $73
925 and accumulated amortization of $204
702.


 2015
 intangible assets
consist of patent costs of $745
943
 trademarks of $14
533 and accumulated amortization of $143
219


cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated through
the expiration date of the patent
 which is December
 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent costs
was $61
483 and $45
846 for the year ended December 31
 2016 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015
 respectively.


to intangible property as of December 31
 2016
 is as follows:



    
    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    





 previous balances
owed to related parties
 a significant shareholder and a company controlled by a director and significant shareholder
 have been
fully paid.


 members of management
directors
 and members of their families
 participated in $635
000 of the total $2
670
000 convertible notes offering.


    
    
    

 members of management and directors
have received shares of stock and options in exchange for services.

Note 5. Short-Term Notes Payable (Related
and Unrelated)


 we closed an offering of
$775
000 in short-term notes payable (&ldquo;Short-Term Notes&rdquo;)
 $500
000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder
and $100
000 was purchased by a company controlled by a director and significant shareholder. The Short-Term Notes bear interest
at a rate of 2% per annum and were due and payable on December 20
 2014. We also issued 1
291
667 warrants to the Short-Term Note
holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common
stock at a price of $0.45 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of five years.


 (&ldquo;ASC 470&rdquo;)
 we first calculated the fair value of the warrants
issued and then determined the relative value of the Short-Term Notes.


232
which was the amount recorded as debt discount to the short-term notes. The amounts recorded as debt discount were amortized over
the one-year term
 and accreted to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately
52% but paid cash at a rate of 2% per annum.


of the Short-Term Notes to September 20
 2015. The extended Short-Term Notes bear at the rate of 3% per annum and required us to
issue additional warrants (&ldquo;Extension Warrants&rdquo;). We issued 898
842 Extension Warrants to the Short-Term Note holders
for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each Extension Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common
stock at a price of $0.485 per share
 may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of three years.


 we accounted for the warrants
as per the guidance in ASC 470. The relative value of the Extension Warrants
 $164
638
 was the amount recorded as the new debt
discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount were being amortized over the six-month term of the note
 and accreted to interest
expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 53% but pay cash at a rate of 3% per annum.


 $0.23
per share
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2015
 some of the Short-Term Notes
were amended again
 and some of the Short-Term Notes were redeemed. Short-Term Notes totaling $700
000 were amended to provide
for repayment on June 20
 2015 of 50% of the face value
 plus accrued interest to that date ($10
500)
 and extension of the remaining
balance until September 20
 2015
 and the interest rate on the notes that were extended was adjusted to 10%. The remaining Short-Term
Notes were fully redeemed on June 20
 2015. One such note in the amount of $25
000 was redeemed for cash
 and one such note in
the amount of $50
000 was redeemed for 71
429 shares of our common stock. As a result of the above described amendments and redemptions
of the Short-Term Notes
 all remaining unamortized debt discount was expensed as of June 20
 2015.


on September 20
 2015
 one note for $250
000 was repaid on October 1
 2015
 and two notes
 one to a related party in the amount
of $50
000
 and one to an unrelated party in the amount of $50
000
 plus total accrued interest $12
849 were converted into stock
at $0.64 per share on September 27
 2016
 plus 50% warrants coverage at $0.75 per share.




 we closed an offering of $440
000
of convertible notes. The notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6
 2013. In addition
the notes were convertible
 at any time after the original issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding
 into our common
stock at a conversion price of $0.372 per share. We also issued 956
519 warrants to the note holders for the right to purchase
shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46 per
share for a term of seven years.


 we settled
the notes by repaying $40
000 of the notes in cash
 issuing new convertible notes in the amount of $400
000 and received payment
for another note in the amount of $20
000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September
6
 2015. In addition
 the new notes were convertible at any time after the original issue date until the new notes are no longer
outstanding
 into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also issued warrants to the new note holders for
the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at
a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1
680
000 warrants issued. The warrants issued with the original notes were cancelled.


    
    
    

we first calculated the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined that
there was a beneficial conversion feature.


 $0.13 per share
($216
531 in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



was $142
873
 which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We also recorded a beneficial conversion feature
on the convertible notes of $125
905. The amounts recorded as debt discount are being amortized over the two-year term
 and accreted
to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 74% but will be paying cash at
a rate of 12% per annum.


 2015
 all of the associated
debt discount has been amortized.


 all of the holders of
the convertible notes elected to convert the then outstanding $420
000 of notes
 and accumulated interest of $21
955 to our common
stock. We issued 1
767
822 shares of our common stock in conversion of these notes.


 we raised $2
670
000 through
the issuance of convertible promissory notes. The notes bore interest at a rate of 10% and matured in one year. Upon completion
of an equity financing which occurred during the first quarter of 2016
 holders of approximately 96% of these notes elected to
convert all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest under the notes into the class of equity issued in such financing
on the same terms as the other investors concurrently with the closing of such financing. The balance of the notes
 $100
000
 and
accrued interest of $5
498 was repaid in cash. During late 2015 we also issued 1
335
000 warrants to the note holders for the right
to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of
$1.00 per share for a term of five years. Of the aggregate offering amount
 $635
000 of the notes and warrants to purchase up to
317
500 shares of common stock were placed with members of the Company&rsquo;s management
 including officers and directors of
the Company
 and family members of certain officers and directors.


31
 2016. At December 31
 2015
 the balance of the notes was comprised of the following:



    
    


    

    
    
    

720

    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

095

    



conversion as the conversion terms were unknown at the time of issuance. The conversion price was set during the February 2016
equity transaction. At that time the Company evaluated whether a beneficial conversion feature should have been recorded
 and concluded
that no such beneficial conversion feature needed to be recorded.


 $0.586 per
share ($782
863 in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



was $600
629
 which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. The amount recorded as debt discount are being amortized
over the one year term of the notes
 one years
 and accreted to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated
to be approximately 34% but will be paying cash at a rate of 10% per annum.




 2016 and 2015
consists of installment agreements on one and three vehicles
 respectively
 maturing on different dates through June 2020. The
installment agreements
 are with one financial institution and bear no interest. Monthly payments are $320 per month.


    
    
    

of December 31
 2016
 are as follows:





    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    





operating leases
 which expires on March 31
 2019. The aggregate minimum requirements are as follows:





    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    





 2015
we increased our authorized capitalization to 300
000
000 shares of stock
 consisting of 295
000
000 shares of common stock
 par
value $0.000001per share
 and 5
000
000 shares of blank check preferred stock
 par value $0.000001. During the nine-months ended
December 31
 2015
 our Board of Directors also unanimously approved and adopted the Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive
Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). The maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to awards under the Plan is 15
000
000
shares.


 2015
we issued 141
477 shares of common stock
 valued at $83
000
 for services.


 2015
we granted the right to 1
000
000 shares of restricted common stock to a director of the Company who during the period became an
officer of the Company. The stock vests 50% on each of the second and third anniversary of the issuance. In accordance with ASC
Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;)
 compensation expense in the amount of $166
667 for the nine
months ended December 31
 2015
 was recognized in the statement of operations. In addition
 we granted the right to 450
000 shares
of restricted stock to two other officers in connection with employment agreements entered into during the nine months ended December
31
 2015. In accordance with ASC Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;)
 compensation expense in
the amount of $78
467 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 was recognized in the statement of operations.


 2015
we issued 1
985
000 options to purchase our common stock to officers and employees of the Company. In addition
 we cancelled 10
000
options to purchase our common stock. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.50 to $0.82 per share
 and the options are
exercisable for periods of between 5 and 8 years. The options vest under a variety of vesting schedules.


345
317 in
the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based on the criteria shown below
 and are being written
off the life of each option.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



277
339 shares of
our common stock (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) and warrants to purchase 14
033
438 Shares (&ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) for aggregate gross
proceeds to the Company of $18
812
690. Of these total amounts 24
598
674 Shares were issued for cash of $16
457
150; 3
502
327
Shares were issued for Conversion of Debt in the amount of $2
242
692; and 176
328 Shares were issued in settlement of debt in
the amount of $112
849. Of the total 14
033
438 Warrants issued during 2016
 3
877
186 are priced at $1
00; 7
812
500 are priced
at $0.88
 and 2
343
752 are priced at $.0.75. The 2016 financing activity occurred in three separate private placements with accredited
investors. In the first transaction
 we issued 7
754
373 Shares and five year Warrants priced at $1.00 to purchase up to 3
877
186
Shares
 for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $6
203
498. The first transaction consists of two components: a new equity
raise in the amount of $3
570
000 and the conversion into common equity of $2
633
498 of principal and interest of convertible
promissory notes previously issued during the fourth quarter of 2016. In the second transaction
 we sold 4
687
504 Shares and five
year Warrants priced at $.75 to purchase up to 2
343
752 Shares
 for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $3
000
000. In
the third transaction
 we sold 15
625
000 Shares
 and five year Warrants priced at $.88 to purchase up to 7
812
500 shares for
aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $10
000
000. During 2016 we also converted $52
613 of debt into 210
455 shares of stock
related to the note that was settled for most investors during 2015.


we issued 171
368 warrants to placement agents who worked on the above describe financings.


    
    
    

in the aggregate of $6
189
196
 was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 with an allocation
of the proceeds applied to the warrants. The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid in capital.
The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2016
 the
holder of warrants to purchase shares of common stock exercised their rights and purchased 1
250
000 shares of common stock for
an aggregate price of $715
000. In addition
 the holders of 620
000 warrants exercised their right to a cash-less conversion and
received 1
214
017 shares.


 2016
we issued 64
599 shares of stock to a member of our board of directors in lieu of $50
000 in director fees due and 60
878 shares
of common stock in lieu of cash for legal fees. We valued the shares based on the trading value on the date issued.


 during the year ended December
31
 2016 we issued 50
000 shares of stock at a price of $0.51 per share in exchange for outstanding options.


 2016
 we
issued 1
893
442 options to purchase our common stock to employees of the Company. In addition
 we cancelled 56
000 options to
purchase our common stock. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.6129 to $0.83 per share
 and are exercisable for a
period of 8 years and have varying vesting periods of up to three years.


490 in
the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based on the criteria shown below
 and are being expensed
over the vesting period of each option.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



for the year ended December 31
 2016 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015 included in additional paid in capital was $1
133
149
and $630
395
 respectively.


options issued to employees and directors as of December 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

985

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

575

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

893

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

362

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

580

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



warrants as of December 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

735

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

525

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    





ended December 31
 2016 and the nine months ended December 31
 2015 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

878

    
    
    

712

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

157

    
    
    

888

    

    
    
    

157

    
    
    

888

    



the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effect
of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



at December 31
 2016 and 2015 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

766

    
    
    

708

    

    
    
    

766

    
    
    

708

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence
 both positive and negative
 management
has determined that a $7
766
100 and $4
708
800 allowance at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce the
deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The change in the valuation allowance for the current
period is $3
157
300.


 2016
 we have a net operating
loss carry forward of approximately $21
088
800. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used
 this
carry forward will expire as follows:



    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

840

    

    
    
    

324

    

    
    
    

987

    

    
    
    

061

    

    
    
    

464

    



 2016
 we did not have any
significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.


    
    
    
Note 12. Business Segments and Customer
Concentrations.


 2016 and
the nine months ended December 31
 2015
 we operate in only one segment and sold only in the United States


States.


more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

194

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

356

    
    
    
    
    



more than 10% of sales for the nine months ended December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


Note 13. Transitional Reporting Year &ndash;
Comparison of audited results for the year ended December 31
 2016 to the unaudited results for the year ended December 31
 2015.
This comparison is provided because the previous audited period was a nine month transitional period ending December 31
 2015.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

457

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

415

    
    
    

819

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

624

    
    
    

994

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

939

    
    
    

783

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

190

    
    
    

225

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

857

    
    
    

437

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the financial statements or disclosure in the notes to
the financial statements except as for the following:


    
    
    










begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ JN\VUG'S?)MS@#'S $=_?OBK%563+7!R.0O?N$7&1_AQT
M]Z4G:%22^*

MZ_SK/
MUABLQ50?NA%;'KR1GD\\GC.!P*X'QIX[A\#Z=!?ZAIOB34H)IFAV^




S+
M\P8CJI *G;U4D=L$ Y'0@$$#57H/Q_F:].FZO/7C4M[E5J%E;W&KQOW?F[7[
M'F1?
E4BTZ=2\J:Z\M[7;OKMKIU'44F1ZC\Z
CU'YBM2A:9M.[((QQ^7?M2E









MPI[D 3A%0;?DZH N6.Y4AF. SY8!0P M!T +L0GKN90%]





?$;
MQAX;^)E]X9FTS1?6G:O8KI/AR+2I3?7EY)!%+*8[J9E4ITDL9DG1'*K$2O

LUQ.7^)WAKE%#%8V6%XDCCY9I

9BZ]#$PHTW%4YN-TX\S=]]6U

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@!C.J$ YY^G]2/QIX.1GUKP#XK?M



TT?E!V$B



M  ..2V!'\1_#+CAB

]S@?Y_R:ION\V09&)&51







T

ZLG]C007LGB.Q






MO&O&D5F:R\L+/)M?#+]KOQ;X=_:MU+]E+XOV6E2:E=HES\/_ !5IGFV%IK27

;@-/(L/CX;CC(ZN$RK'2K\M+'5\7
MA94YKDE*K2KRI4Y0FVN56@_=47S-J[6C/HZWAMQ11GFN75%1AGN39=2S_'9=

;0^]
ME!(SAO+
@!R



MQV75Z=7VE/
L)B



9 QL8J2R_
@&?

MA0Q^5Y'F&*HXRJXY?@LVQ=/VT_;5%?#87$N
)RY6H^UIKE2VBG!:.Z\[$UZM
M/#3=+D4HT[*].


 N2)8)?+



M:EJ=GJ8N7**ZWL6ER6=P9;&X1);5Z^MY[X003-.[L(DG*DLD:B2VAFGG22YF



13HRFL#0Q$\)5E3HSK0G3E3=6C3]HG.\JE[)Z/.CBIUE%4ZD%5]H

MIVOMVN




_TW/WY;]H#Q'XEC74?A)\'/&_Q*\/22RI;

5RQ

VJMMN?T6:#\0_

&%O=QSP2?
/GC;&0 :]*AF


M










MGZ9'L5E9]JG-5OA5^W!^R7\;-7A\._#;X\^ O$'BBZB:XL_#%QJ4OAKQ%J%J


M: #[%S[']/\ &DW#.#\O3J0

D2/]IGX/RRI$)Q!#XWT5




M3PZ
I#*+DD./*&Z7
8^
;S_@I=^PMI.J2Z7)^TKX#NKV$D2#1UU_Q!;I@\&6



 PSAE*L.

M8EUNZ

M^&/'F@P:HFFZX?%?C;6Y+:'6-*N]'U&$0^(_$FL12(^GZG/&@D0D-MVF((FW
M\(_V3_VM/@U^R+^VY^VSXG^

O$=[X?T=M$TUO%@FL_B!X@O(S*
M;2UN?

Q4



TN8&APR;BL0!]OS?\%K_ -A/8\S^

M3RVP





MLQ2\C(BN$MXY%#N78%9)/0C_ 
%+?^88D_T?]DZXBB1IT(@^W@2VB38IA^



MNY88Y!'&TLZ?JT7*%]Y52)D#;5VCA!V/0D$$D$J225)!!I24G&;A;VD8MPNK






'DG&0:_GZ_
MX))WVH7_ 

M4+76+B6[55M+22*25]\$/[#_M ?M ^#HOA5XQL/ ]Z?&OC/Q5X?U31_?AS

M1?
37BNGB


QV;PIU7'V


M6V7$RQW$FQ/


+='U
MS0_AAK'BW2+_ 

;RE);8))YQ#+





(7OX]9\3V&E0QZEJ$]_<QW5Y<RR!

K-P5S





M;40P0%+
PR.5B

/3H




M.Y



M^US_ 
$_?&&GB]N/$/A2SO;@ZJVAW6IG7_AWX_DMKB%;J[DL85-I:WUK!-CS

M/H5@NJ6^Z*2;1=0U.S%A=Z?J$21:G:
MZMQ]GO8EN[:TNA/:0?(W_!0&]T[]




M'J
]AJ$\TBVA@L9]_F1S*T E\IG (=8VVAHXBJX[$^)7A1C:CQ&+J9;1HK'U

M?TC
1)$K8+!P7!8#(!RR@@9' ('!/3G/)K^9;_@KGM7]I[1ACYO^%5^'=QP.
M1_:GC#^F!VYS7]&
GQ#\)6W@^+QE/JAC\-M!'+'?_9+PLR












M(0P_$KQY/'$+IRJB61]4GD#0LQ;W9EC50%^ZE?%_PR+9?OP?_ ,%;-\'
M_L6:Q+J_P
U'P_XFL?&%K'=:YJ.AKIVE?#;7O$*WEQ+J=U;:A)8R?$[3M&AL
M]0==4N!);06
?P7^/'[//[6.@_\%!_@#X3NO&VD65G;6WQ
M4\)V4,6KWD:VVFWFCZC;SV<,QNELM4M+BV?4)=*;47MI;=8PKE Q]D\*_P#!
M:S]D.[\.6\WB\^/? WB2.)(KOPKJWA/4[NZ6^VDRB\AEE


MKJ/A-/&'AB77]7N]&ED0BWN(=-
M@O-(MKH^9_9=G:VYLHY5C##X5^/GQ;^+G_!7;QYX&^?P*^&WBKPA\ OGB'
M^W?$_P 1/$VD3Z2NJ3RV5WI-Q

O

M?BI_P6@\#Z_IX\(?L@?#KQS\7/BKJI2/0AJ'A2\@\+:;-+.$?4+FTMC/?7]]
M$6

WT<-O?:E<SW]W=W3?S4
M?L
MV9A_/=^PS^V;^QI\#_@9'\/_ (]_ B[^(_CR/Q9XJU:3Q

MOI.F1ZEJ4L5]
L$T
]U7_A!]%\







1B1HMH_5_]K;]KCXM_LFWGPXLE_9]\

?#'@6]\

:;=+INKSWU_*-(MH$T[3KJ2RE6VM-4MY)9W:
M/;1[C(W[J
,;#S(KF_U
M(W-K<+<6,GV;[=(V]GS-+$=SB! #]%H%*Q!2Q8AI-S,)AEO,;<0)WDD[L[
M!L]7N-?MM'TB'Q!



MOFNS




M&!&VT (JL IQ&OH






#1A457!:*!6?S
M6#2/N/WG('%23:4C8=H[0LNUEQ%*F)(QO3F.5%*F?=
_R#+.QPS$D[M-=2RD

])4_LR7\K5FG%]8VLQ];_ (=/N.9?18KGY[FUTZ5W



M(1PZ5&*5T[N

&9BJ\I







137*K8F

MA\U(+2*9IBTLD$







OA]J-T[I)YUSX3T[S/.5%5Y6D10&
M:1U


MSDT^BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ I#NSQMQ[YS2T4 -^?_9_6G#/?&?:BB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *87
M )')QZ8]

-JN] \


\=S;7$
M

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *R=
M2A6XC=98EF5#&A9D&3'C#




M1\Q]_#U)TW5LJE6

)5TSQKH*70\^:


'D]6+GAZT*?M'&K.]



M-O9'3+V2BI0K2J-M*T:

\]RH92K%L[$&T.^TX
M8@





YPQV']=?%'BFUG60
M%YDGC:.XAV)$7$R(+B*&5?-P$:Z=_M2AF9 6&UW#(/QW_:3_ &0/BMXY\4Z_


@UPMI^T_P#&+6)+R:VN
M;=K5R3@S6EF+:


'* B










?E SSD#Z'(_$7BZ./H8C+\ZQV?4:

M8^:OH31OBSX'UI8?L^K16[S#Y8[K



#Q

ML\LR0BWOX=
AMHV:?SVU77-+MU@2WEGO+3]0[6
Q11HCETB'DJS;MQ$)


M[9_DF)R'

:OAL/SR4(2Q53V=
M.4VFU+ZS:3:792?0W?.3IG)QG'&?U(_6FF=1_Y^FS^KBL))'?G,8. =I81
MRJ 1OCD*RC((()49!#+E6!J99D6)I)'B55.TCE-QS_  YX..ASCIZ<UFI2
MDN:E&K+7E<,126&BO2HVKR3TY-;J[^S<:]JI6G+!RBX\RE#$3LU=?W.SOH_E
MU-?SP1D1R?DGKC^_C]:8UWA(9L
.J$HK#.
9W
!R#UZ5C?;X X07%N&;!5
M?/B8MQR0HD+''N ?3BH);GS%\Q20@/\ K6V1P-M.$GD41G!RK8EPK @X(('
M32IU:C?-04$E=2]O46[K3W;O:[^704JL;-1=K-)MPH8NA&I!?SR^MN%/E3

$CG:[+SC(PQ

MGF0%I

M@Y&:IQ





YEACM9HE;;*L\3SEH 

MM/-FS-:ZC+H  @G8R1J !PLFQ!(R 4 4$*


<L7R=Q);//!







TD!


M6/7& .

+N


NYE;

Y
M!%5E\3^











#A@6CD=#M;

EFFT]99P/M#^5)*5  \UMPD



M!'B

ZN+P.




D*I)Z9_N


M^




Y7/N_Z
1_2OZ&H5'5IQJ/3FJ8F*5K







M(Y:LZS.M54

M?@9HW_2_$SQ;I7AO3(89)+^YC^UW1(WP)8Z;&TE]=R31M&R)#;M@.!+Y;K








J
:=2=I1JSFHKE/


M^=&J)(D:^;7'_!2/]IWPS
T]U^T+JULTA\R&'5;C1Y+?:@&6-O=10SA6*EQF



MCUX&GDPW%]I_AS0(?$1B+'S-M_JMIKVGSSQ\QP[O#UK&BHB,9RAN)?H/X7?
MMWZ%\?;N/2(O^F?Q3^!?CF[.;6Q^(7@WX/7G@^:Y=F56L-4T'P=HI:U=@KN



\)





B^(=#L[2VDU%^JC


M^YC*

:]+ZI4]G=
UG3LK*?Z=Q7JR2-$(IP

'K[C+18?/HAR!UR2
M!TQCU(K&O2]M1J4GM.$TTM&UR2T3Z:VUU.K S]ECL'43M*&(IRB^BEJM5U5F
M].Y^/OC:/-K(C\W,.89C_TD(\EF5CABC-&60LJDJ5+*IX'S?JEP?
BM2 78

C-TR#U

30Q
[

N;EZ)_#\FQ5DEA



FK/1M7=NMK;H_0

#R0
JT@ P
#CTKHHIWE568$*0?FC=H6/;_5J








S[6^/Y




M2BZDF\.^&%T*QT
M+(9-/M;9KJY
T+X-\+2J)'\/Z6&89(-J
S@6&?4)'9HX;DK&&2VFD;8C;GW
W+$C'^'
M^FQVP\!A8;

MH2-\JP?$?P=A.

3@8PE+#U8_O56J3DI+]VU)N-T3QA01([KR



M&1WQ@GTKVSP!\-/ _P 
= 7PYX!\)Z!X/T-)9KE-&\/:;9Z/IJW-Q/++/(NG

M7J*
'7G'53C&C*M34&TN:HI7O!)_SSX_?2]P'B_P36X.R[AC.^'J.(S##8K&




V EU&0/)!((]*@<R7

TK^4G\D?B3Q%K_B

]Q/!()9%)TRQL]LX:5[;['I:6



M^U?3[67^VKR=U)N)M*\*)837FHJL)C\1





=C:3H

L_C)\1


F5WO)9I)7EF:1+]

Q

:H\RA6

*











97K5

YNC4


^



M'XCZ7H\W[7W[-_Q8_9-^*$/]E_$_1;Z[;P;JM_&(-4\$?'GPM=Q0^&M?L=IF

K/#Y
M!Q5/%U84\JSBO&5? Y7[11:CEWL*6(E/2E*G*=F_;KEY9?W5X2^)F6Y]EN

_:4^W@_XN^)5FTSQ5IL#WMI+/!+?Z/K=NKV^KZ1J

\







+^9&K^N[]&(_I4M
C550!/NY8COU8D_J33Z^L/Q\
M**** BBB@ K\06S7&DZA%\I#Q$C)/\*8(. ??'6MVJ-]A[:XB()+HR+Z!F


M5HI/1)=&^YYS







M+:




NX(@!QZ8!!.<\\ XYF


M?+7[2GQ^M?@[X+O=8@EMDUV&VNY!)?JT6GZ980O##-JUY)$))FM89[NTA46]


Z;J&JQ7+WVJ:3:W-L\GZ<?#/X@Z)\3/!?A[QE

:6U];7%A(\6I6M_;I+
([RPO$FL;TK(4EO()I(UN\3G8
M\::/HNN:9K.B:W865[H^I:3,+JTN-J1P)%$9'U**/8OF2+-';13W3%[&.&W
M: -)--'7YS?L7?%:!/%_C/X;
T-S9ZOXE^(.L:==K)ME6Y\+P^#X=3B%KA8[

MC


0ML''*Q\QKWVJ*O( %&.G/\S_G^@K]
MHIM-3LFHJ24+[\O*F[^;;^X^!M+]W+FC*+IOGLO^7B:6COHOB7+KJ1S E0?0
MG^549F^5R
Y54!_ \X_#ITY].M:$OW#^/\C6;


86#6

1



M:^+J?Q:O^.7_ *4_\D?Y+3256LEM#&8^




FM:CI
K27K?3?I8]+)LEK
M\29QD_#V&4I5L[SG)LNC&%^=K$9MEZFH-)M2Y$[-)VMYG\CGQX\;-\1?C;\4
MO'!N7NXO$'COQ1);3

M\3?A[!XPN[:U\+KXI\


MF6'G4Q1P0(BOY2PQ N?WC6^Q?L[3?
1Y[P^6TX#


\?@
MZ.)Q#P])RIU9.


/
M?/\ *Q)$\85-KNB*K;[D_:4BWJ'\N.W




-])7CB%7!2Q&2Y/1PT%

MW%I


$

M1@VI.SNOA5]#_
GQ@\(
^\$N



9('J1Q


M7Q$;_)O;IVD*+NVA(L)\P#;@






45YX#^'4^F^$TNWB667Q)HWA14GUZYODC\R

_AN;#PW=2D











MGB7Q*U]J[W%Y:-9Z/'IOA+5T\^-+F]N+I($L]/N89O/7\N_&\M[\')OVH?@3
MX)\1:M\/_A
,=#M?AWX]GM_%-WIGB'5]7EO+KPE:O*UGJ]E+;VVJ7%S?I<S6D3
M(2+=72DD]8R5X27\LXZ*47UBVD]9Q<HRBIU*?
K.5*;ISM=.RDDVD[:VW6G





M7E@\
U=K_P %






M5CZE.I0GBL/5JX6$E34YQC)T:?O^])SDG-N[L?V5]-;AY1\.? [B?X2
I8

E:UE?\ 0N.6-0B+N(.?
MFP-H.3D


M%* N^)!EBC

MR




OY2\:
(HXR;47=2YN^O)4\MM=
MC^JO[%2J991C=/1+9;7BN^YY/*C%3C.6'?MN'I[?\ ZJIQ B5AC^[SVX )
M/]/K6G.





M?756;T/T2M8_+MK91@*&-!_P!
Q@X&/;CI[XJTI!&1G&3U^IS^M1PLI0;0
M0!ZC^0&?TIZ?='X_J37^@D&[24K7A*
=%;3EOM^I_&2?--R6U3GF_P#$Y7T[



M_&LB_'F2$#*M& 


$HE4@
S1
MO'L1 TL32





M+J5AIT\U^G]G)
\(YCEV
GCG.IF&29C6@L-2IU





M6;21E(U2&.ZB@TNPU4









M _C+PVR[@&P#R

?NKC3@_S'DC=N*K@'+#


@ZSYS_ *)9\_\


&B#7;G79;V-()+L00
-]X:- H(ECG'R3_PQ-\6VW'[?X44RM(<-=7@P=RY9P=+R QDW#@YPV<8
MY@D^=?'_ (OD\;^+M=\7/;)9MKMQYQM8I#*(2D45N#YF!DN(?


NK.WO+B19H!<ID K
BW5L

)4PLJUM8PGNHM-.
M




MIU(U

_[0Q%






MQA(LTC[I-6#DADSE1;E00)5 PQX!R0:HT/ OB#XP;Q[XQ\0^+7L1IK:W??:8
+OBGH
/B71=3\/6=G



#M\//@O/^[:T?XA:]'*V

M:2**&?\ 






)&4]6

B2V^T/&

^&/V5?@=X2\$^(?ASH_P_TB+PMXJU&+6/$5

1HI^C[=R8(
C:

G

M/XE_PQ\=6'P4^%7[




M\.CQGXCT_2?#UQK?PNT

\)D$T[RJS^

_%

93[?+=W&CP021
\









MYH/'NAZQ\6O%G[+/P2LH9KW7;KP!X \.:IIMFKO+;ZU\09M#UC4M

7A^57D64UN[*)-L9_DGZ..6U

]O=VDVDBWG

MLY VY^7!)#


MEHWA[[)J.I00

M9[5T#'.
[1U]@!Z'N


M='=7TW_0Z&U.=H]/ZM6]&

MZF&BO^7E:

5/U+%AWZ8/Y



;XG_
<<T =752Y)VD9 QZ^X[^QY'^35NJ5S&\A8*5&?4D=
MAZ YZ=ZEM7C%[3DHM]4GK=/IL1.'M(\KORWO*SL^7K9H^%OVW'7_ (0CX9XO
M$L[JW_:&^!-U92M,D<5I,GQ*\,H^JWH%K.XL;P_M.2]=MY2$PE8Y%8B+YK^


M.JDW43QRJ]NTFO:=:B==C-;



NR4-7SF
VZM==?J\JSW*
)@JN78O 4L32




MCLY(-2G9T6VC2UEA$


N;DE.%1NG+G3ISO35I)MI.2M

KX+O=

=2T6]^VZ/9
M37'A@6


A
M\7S^VZAJ-@5MEM+V8\BOHY-KQQ[Z7B+Q)X0TB]UH^(_&WPLM=1\(Z3HGB+


%O^I7PLB9_!



IQ=3$2S!8F


S!H\A@W+#*G(RNY2
CN#Z$$51E_U;_P#;
M/_T)JON

MJ\X?XX?^E(_G7_:TNWL=


=K\9?Y'
M^4-23]O/^_B,QG+_ !+%R6G9:O0D/(_^N1^HY%0A )#E,]6SG<!NV $EV#$Y
MBR0 <#:!4]5Y8Y&+M&^T[(PHSQE)YSP3R/E&
]3QZY#/PI_:&N0WQG^)TF]
M K:_-

MD
B


ML86&!S;:??06GR6\4*

EO









'9$TSP\+8123
MHBW%C917=THD&VYN)0 YR3^?_2=XEPF4^'V8Y;547/&8C!TIPA43J\LI3DG9




MC%2PM*-&IE^&IR2E)TY?5I4$URWG.
YNSG9?5


MD5H+R

M
_S.A?&7MOO

M





FZ:25QYL[[%

M  -/I-)Z
!
#&
)_'_P':?%+X3?$'X<7J*]IXS\+ZSX==
9*G4]
G@%P

MCEV
H3LY*
\-C\+64I)-7BE3?


OA.VKS:+J.NW.H^$/#FOW
=[JUL_ NMS7<2R7!T^PDA2VG
\L9_A3C_+

TJ-.M%RG):N+:7*K_P!@

EEB/JV-Q^




UIJ%MJZ^.+QM0O3=QBW%O8A/



M3+?7-%^+MGK'AJ\T(KJE]J


MI5QJ/Q8U:*#Q!=IH\GB;4-]A?W46HQW&H0Q272PW]U+%!)= 'WY\-?C=HGB/

M;4$S%;Z=917EQ




F\6Z=LL;S3_ !#_ 
*_C\03

&A:EI/Q#_ &9-#U:7X.?%

M&WA/Q#-J5GX?\2:)K=UHLD

M@E'5NXK\[?\ @JE\6]



EO:6-TD@2\CN[75+1[4ZF-?GGBEG&#X;X2XFQ^)Q5*G6AD^(PME.


KY73RC)

M!T^


QP1G@$X!] ..U:
3;D!]V'


%N

^7

E8YZ'+''UX(SQU'Y_K
M'\1+

ME.5U]M.RL^BLWI^)_4F75(SPT+;V7W6%MHO
*
<]
=V/N*Q[9@Q&




+[4/R@#(

)./

MD??Z.:5IX5&3+'^#IG_T*AJX%2]LY+D/Y;HK
8-IE'F1Q&WD:9)5AV@-(7;:

MGU.^\2:TNH7-J6TG0=2N/[;OYHGFN8A(OD6L^&5?JQ9XF 974@YQ\Z=CC^][


M58^#K1+C1=$;QOI]AI


9$:(V4BB4;$\L1A;1@0NZVB0@(QVI+4)*

VK^)=-UWQ3X#N-6U6P\4^'K33










M2V
TJA!+Y*@AP48AMZJ . 





MX$^&;%TO8+Z\0^*_%



M945C5F%2EAZBP6*J5:
(JO3J*I'#052%'EE*==-N,6Z;_B-KLRK(?OZ-W!

;7K5ZE2-5*=)PDJ+3C




MQ^R/@O\ !WPC\$O 6B?#_P $0#3M'TJTV0R*B-+-J$\DTU[KMSE2)M0U&2XD

MQE\9
^BFAN[*VM7^_?AG\7?A'HY^%GPN\:A


@T'Q+IMM+
M%H&N0O'29[BVNY++49&VL(-.T\1+.0XC_;!H'.W!7@C/)]2?3WK@/B/X2TS
MQIX;U'PSK,=O=66I1&&.WF4E1?&+_1Y2VPE53@[D#,P^4\8_

38R<N;V&9OVE2E&2<5SK$3E+#Q3E#V;KQDFW!)_9\ \8
MXO@?BC*L]P^'^N4\-.-#%X:2YX5L'5J49UG5A*255Q]C'E;:L[Z--G\F'[+7

L7:&&+0_&



M67



M%K(/M3^8LGD 2**].M]1


MJX'$2G3QL(TY\DIU

M\
^*? G@WQ#H/A[38M/\/Z;JVE)/#X?BL+6VM-.M]
91%.MLL
+6TH$MOMMU






^#-GXA^
/QLU\S0:+YGQ4^



MX:.)IJI4G0EB


M5$_;'\*^$/EA=V^D^-?$4?@'P%X4$F1X3^%UF]N;W7M0,;76MUJVGQMJ&I

MI\5C=:@ZHH0WFJWT



D2_V=KGBQ98]8NM.BDE&GZ9

M'YIB




M )_VO_9:DJ-QD$#NV/S7%1-*247\


Y]^GT'ZG7J


M17H6NH5




MW*FY7!;B-YY2H;Y1AP0-RY_B.*_


Q_9;^'&P*V

QW'++\

'DGDG\*A73+53Q# @ P%2WM=@ X& UNS

G;KFH$X&2MQ8JI.!T M#C'.?4U ?&'CQQE?$6HI
MGMY]B0



#Z8




( BCHJ[E [G 1U49.3PHY.3DY) /CJ/QGXTCC C\42^
M6


YAA=F*%
M2\:R


M!

M+7-


MPXKQ^6(MK1O)IDKA@\

M_@6)'Z8S[UG:?:+9VXBCV ;1PB11I&%'*HD%O;Q!0254I F5 +J79B=&
$(

M-C;E8$AXF



BW&PLV]B([J9


MU)QNI--6LE\#_[_ (([_#PQ=IJ7Q





?$SC_ (_K^UXNXMSG.:*DYK+Z^(C3
MRN

%\--65.[0@E:
M*\E?Y;#Z+^;?XT\#  X_#/]:6BIM;O][?YC_K^M HHHI@%%%% !1110 444
12^3XATB4%I=+F:*<PS


M\ZY\-W$/E36^HVQOM]I+!]M2TNS-:P_U SV


M4V=CI/Q'\9-\

MMWCE

M]IL*W^C3!R/
L/)DM(W1D2XGA2O^#G[0'_!CXAZ9#J&L_LU?$/1OB;X55)

MJ9OB:=1*&(H2DJ
L+%2:3H*3BYW5/W^=NW
&:/2I V#

56HW@_



M[Z\C1D=66-5\I/OWX%?\$B_VJOC#J%D=6T#3_AOH
LZ)=ZCKJPZF1 7VN]C!
MI$?]F0RX!
OER+)]H\PW;/=_:&/X[C/##C#C_&0GQ7B
RQ/M:\7AZ
:]?#82


=?O-3

M&-M1
 @O]/\ ]U(XTN:==0OEM=7-[I%G^F_[%W_  2B_9V_96O;/QCJNE)\
M3_BY9Q7*6_C?QA&FH6?AM;@L?*\*Z#,;BPTSY7C,E\I;53,))8KV.06L7ZL

[
M!^ ./PIEO ( RKPI)(R[.V6.YF9F )+
2Q'09P. *G''YG]237[92=5N
9OW


2_(M+:^1+:%9%AO





M_0UM:=9M(X!DMU(4N(GGC6X=5)W/!:D_:;E4.0[6\



W0\?ABO[

M;;)VU:;N_




=./[
/BSP]9?\+6TAYK?3/$6AW_ (6U



L]O]


KA/R&T ?%WPQH7Q!N]5\5ZSXZ_:


)?A5\0=



MTV2-^;NB^+_AY)XP^!UM\






:J9)YY5E4


-/$5_XGNO$5I\K
M^._OK^]U:1+O4[+QWKFF+I=[$WE6D*Q0VD:)WWE(TW*7+&OU+A+%/F8
V^0
M


#'Z?A1Y9SG/;IDX
MS^7K4U%'






MH)K5AX]2+6KN#6XM


VRK'L.


MG!'+':W4QV22M^JBV*++'

6[E92J&$R0(A=8U*
^01QO9
MZV
A%6!?*#+$ZQH7B3(VJN]'W$J!O=FR6+$#F@#YJ_9F\ZOX\%W_ (:U
65Q+L:X)9]\]S+
M<F5C]/Q@A &ZC(Y8N2 2 Q9E4DL &/& 200 3''B* (DC*LS (=PY9FSDH
MAYSDKCDE5. 9Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** JS6Z/)([1H=
MX )RVX@*!R
8&

MMI1?22Z





(2=@R

G\3T [_





H_(



MH?XMR3V46

&E:PP2/X+^);V5@!&MM)J-O%D *
 0E4'!!*L






MCMXXJP3@9JN]U&C%2&;Y@@*A6W2E0_E!=V\



M
A=]5I-(#R2./) 9(C&JJR&.:VE
MLZ@F6W1X^5:\%J;_=
\L%S;^3!&-'[9


'
M7!)D7F
 #/


DTZB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


Z\




+.:E2S.3I8%*\8

MUS5KD6^GPW$^U(X'D;
@ED8GRU

MTZ'5+&ZAS%]LM+N.2:RD@AO%MKAQ?1QRM:

M&O'#8?&3HRA2J2CAL6I?5Y-RO9M0G%RLN9O3:QG*E7IX:.(2Q$J%;$XK+\+5
MG&K*E+


MP




E.*YO9*EHXZM6=]ULVT*I6C'+\5S.&#QN%Q.(;KU:N#52&'DJ$XTJT
MI\LY/%5*
/9JZLY)OF21LO)!.&SN801C+^4 V,9W1D[UR,\J,#MBGI)';QY
M=&H'9MNTXQ+MVX+Y).X


5^:TH#'&0NXJ248*ZLH[L)4HXN


M

MD4HXA\LN:2U;3=FNMGTL=S%(NY22/0[0?_0L?K4GF+[_ *?XUQWV](9EB6:6
M0







,=0TZ.U2.UN;.
MY2$/( ?6EFXDM875E<,O!39M^\1C,3R1DKC:S1R.C,R

NT?RL6P.-IZ ]0
YQCL:BI#GBH^R

G\



[^$[]=TS/]HMU+*G[L/^=/B+6?%NI_$;6_VZ46\FTW0OVM/#




M/#CB;



MQO()XQ
GEO#/=W

MSYM5YG%/$?^3+CKA[XGAO





MH
UOKMUITTNBP17BV+LH$4
6GDW4@EP4






X4\'0IVP;XIP56BGR5.:
UAE*
*O-)JSDX2BVC\'OV%OAOX6_:A^+G

Q6
'A?6;V







M@L/


_:

)5X_N3=:#JLL\:72W
MFBM_,MG:4281XTERJ_+7B?X ?%?6?@+H/ASPA^Q?\0O_CCP9K5OK'Q#^)=^


?A5X#/PM\%S?$'P?I_BRY^('Q


M-']FBO9)GN+*Y/V!X@+=G'@O[2G@WXJ:MI7PDEUS]ES0OC;\)+7X=:
-;T;1
MM$U31OC'X'U=;*&1K



MV)CQ7A

?AYY3%JGBYXN.)I4*53*^'7[=?[7GQ0T6



_M2:WL_BK



MCZ;H6GRZIJ4VH7]O9BUL8D=GN;C




M8.-*






M;B6XLK=FDWL\S!CD-#&T+1D^]@.







9F-2NW&*K3Y*



M63RRLC?FE\1OVUX_BG^T=^R9!\OB3XATOP5XE\0W^G^.O5YITNC77F22&.

9
EK)$;M9K9#


18A#)_:)5;6*$L)XF?,WFL$ETY_MCWY*O+:QE8
M)F13/:55!DM+BX2[D9RIVLLV5/*KY2;(T^0?C#^WA^SO\!_&2^ ?'WBNXB\

MI\)6^


@7 O+^[4


MM&UA'$@D.YW^=W)TCI





$\[Q(
M-)AC5%@5(O)#-&P+^6T\D8MVN+BW!6.YG6 #;+*Y+2EFVJ26(!R?PNT+5/#W
M@#P=H^OZIJ.N:_IGA3PWINN:UJRQIJFKZM8:-96VH:IJ
4#/;PWVH7D4UW=0
M6\DUM!/



!'R1SA_8\@U$Y5(\JI1G*I.

MP
SA588=W+.H5O+?#7_!/W]D30=5M-:TCX$^#TO-.E2YTS^U%O\ Q!:V5Q:7
M

DZ



)B6I4


MZ-6





4I\N-BL:*54LWEXGPV



M/3M:G2WEN;3[#)J
XN'F6UG_?/XD_LC?L\?%F]_MOXE?CPIXC\0*D:3:Q!



(=$D\F-#(B2;E'C*_L'_ +(=KI_B

MJH9)OKKPMX:TSPOX?T3PYHEHEAHF@:99:+H]C&\DB66E:9 EEIUHKREI'6VL
MX(80TCN[A SN[$L?K.$^%\SR3.
5FN8U



BSWAC*.'
FR_B?#QR_C7CSB&.)SW%87$4
MY8;B+%87$PH4_8-RC*%1R5+M%&G.

MMQB%!Z;NO^\U35]^I.4W:W)9V[WOW/QX*R=0U);-)2%;?''+-A?*D:1(DC.8
25DC1$8\SR$L%6
 EW(R I(

M7FZY$P :,;N

M*DL)T14PP8] 





<6*E-Z !BV*^$O?[7'BSQE/HVA:?X5LM


M(KG3H[B;=;S7%+]I+PW-XN^
OPDTE/AFWQ;MG^&WQDUN\\._\)UJO@*
ZKIN



MU\-6_B77;1=1\


NTF8
MSLD1_P!
BM1D.

\MJ4J6-PF$C.A.K%U'S2Q&'

MR]\;M.\'W=I:W]SXC3[#J%HEC=+'
55NGC59G_$:_@_X*

^&E]\))OA7;:5.NC:MH


JUL'5KX:I@

RQM&0;?S'G5Y(


LTS03^7N9G)W.\:_5GAKXP^*/V5

SW*
@G
M@I8?

*:=6%\-A:RC&




R_9
MDAG/V6Y4*6&V=@JKSD8F
+%\X#( U?AK^T1J?Q.^*_[;WPM^#V@?$7QK\/M!
M^(7P:\

\EP_%.&P%+(ZSP&!

$\X
6
MVXF M@D9*O()5+J59U:%!G)F5P%*A7
'=';0)]3FDT:_\ #PN5LK^*

YSK&4Z;]C&FLLC



'-/N!-<0:3)
R-


/@]\7/A#JOP-E_:I\3Z3KE]





H00#F
IL.0#\I+!6)%;R'*@Y)Z\GKU(/Y=*
M_7**BZ%.:37/&

MI6:[ P)&.




F7UR4!T
M[0=9U'0-:U/2T5I_+
D

MW5QX0\.^#M-\+WOA_P +ZAXKTZRL]2_X3/6KGQ+H.J&PDL7UZYT_1K*ZMI;5


M0;L?:I8( NHZC9V=I#+I9&I)'^U)H7C71O$?@WQG\
/$%MX;U_XL:WH?[//C

MAQLVH4D99 TNYS%\FV18965MH1G5KA0$!612X+ ^6[J%EBS212- 
8)9Q@







M([8&#[Y(Q7EYUEF'SG*\9E.+51X/
*7U?%0HU'2J5*+GHX*I&,I0O*G[BN


0J&

M3C*



QKUZ3P[51RC^5OP^_9)_:7N
MO'/@+Q%\9/VD;C6_!WPNNIETKPMX&L=7T!_$-M$--D\1^=<I;W-PORM<*F]
M 22CR$DGI?VZ?V)]7_:FMO 6I^%M=TWPEXM\*7.J63ZW=P7LC77A75[.:6]T
1PN





PF9UL?7E#

'1

TM]'.
2Y
M@W(JMP/[1/[&'Q/^(_QW\
_'WX5?$G0?!/C;0M)B\/3?\)#X=N==L/['6[O[
MAY--@LI[)[:_


JP5!T10!SR0!N///3/]
4I
M8W$T;PK)A
[MZC+9Y.-I(ZY&#T Q73_JGE
\'4RZ-&HL-B




%?%_QF_:)GU_P]\/I#!H_ACP5INJ^%[3
M6X;)]NGW/B&%]0N(;B8JB/((WE1LY1D5A&GZ@:=H]KI=E;:?8V=O;V4$*6MO
M!! \$4%K&H6)8X]\Q#HN% 
A5L9'E@A5U8HIHD.
(EI@I9?FF;9WF<J.84IX_'X7&Y_5H5<SGAG6C##X2%
M=X6C;V

K2+@KF0S2&0XRV=[EG9RP9R2Y +%



[W/A6[LY8Y/[#O8M
M%O-(:.SDLY[K[8B:7-?PEK
7#


M_CKX/\3V/P=LO&?P\\3^+-7\;_#C2=.^(FH^!!I@L-!\3RWMEJWAKQ;X#M-5


=_X!CO+OP+:SWZ6VH:?83Z
_



MV








K7:OU3:?WC44O.V



VW]^@.

MHHH *Y'Q=I.F:UH^I:3KEC:ZKHNIQ16FJ:==P13VUY93SVR2V=Q#.)UD^VHD
MMO 4C@ G:
/)%D74?75X%^TIJ?B[2?@I\4[_ 

M=M;GA[X'_[PQI=MIND^=+L[*SUJ#Q7
T-KJ]S=KXGL&7^SM;2_OKC4M8&I



MKO7[.POM/CU*TMM&TNQT2RCU5]]O:A+8VRPI^\UO
M&?P8^%WCV:SN?&/A'3M;DTE)=.TT.-3M6LK6*0WC:5*WA^\LDGT&UO;RYMET

?P


M





M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%



MPQ;8EZA_A7X


@GP#H
VJW6N76

LKS-)


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
04 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_V0$!
end







begin 644 image_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


MB218T() )9GPF%Z_-WP!R0:%;KMU] 7
W:O)_N\NBZ[NW1DRX'_+8GZLQ_
MP_S[U)N3_GH?S_\ K5X;XX^-O@KP6H2XU:TN+D([-;H]L8P$4LZR7*']VP4
M4);+2!$Q\U?(=Y^UKX_\3:T/^$#T73K?0;69UDFU:-Y?M:QAF9HY(BDK*F-^

M)G[Y/MG/]*220*A(/3'J

M(!(;&%#%1D 5%+
L%4J4Z:JQ3G.



TR#P^Q&8Y+G%'#8
-K1-1\-ZY!JEN)&$DMO<
M SQMY;%H;BU^5[8JV Z*';Y0/7\IX=-AO9Y+E+Q88K:6)7@8;V_TJ9+93Y9


M


14HXVE[.2OIMMH[::^NG
MWE^BBBOH3 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *1NAYQTYSCOZTM
D.$)'7*@?4L!_6AJ^FU]+^H
MG+E3E_*F_NU





5 CD6*WN@5GNGB'F
UX[?-*0
M$



MGN#&4=9'F$F[;
(WCB@EMS=
MQLNFW_F2JC1+;.)$

2RQ
 P52(68$#:!
MC:03\N

M
GRKB7*J.4XVE3J1K+V





M\QRS?@&?_1\S#-
J6&X

MIJ+2MRVT/
TJXJC!XFG&<X<T(.4JD5S13E*#DTY)7O)]=SZH\._ *

M&-.

^E?
./7..N/2F+=*Q ^7GT)STSZ58%J





M81)X]^#_ (^T#XD^%HUPES=);VMUINMZ'93C]XMQK&F3WEK:6H=8+O49+2.X







6(=I5*<6DTVY13:2W:;BVFE?9WZG-5JQA3J*CF
M=K1Y)<\5RN4H6?

_5_&GA[X?^']3\8^*[F+0- TJSN+

;JX

M)%B!*GFY/AS_ 

M=]UJ^JPD+):WWB/[;]CU&.VU#36@OK:TGB_1?X$V9M_#
\T@W&]U:ZN$8\D*

MK$MM^U32NV[-]=6[6WZ/;56/==J]-JX]


/PR\-:?J5O92ZQK.LZ




G[5;:FTFZ-IU/(7G[
OBB\
M;63+XLT2\77/$G@'Q)=-=Z7J3!;OPA-IZ:K96^;ES#IVI6]K-9^2A$.+K;(A


TCQ)XAT[24NS:Z0;:2#=9ZE=

MJ$P6
6!NXY0D$=RCS2SRQ)$?-:



9X+@^O&






2%A&_5^'OA[KV@?RS\#Q^(K6VUK3=&?3X];BM9]0@A+2B7R?L&
MY?,MI5S;WKCRH)7E56







!2XE1AE6?[/6H6\^DZ:_B*T;PMI'Q)_X


M:V5G=12:/X66%&



MM]+=SEQV X6ITJT\/F
ZF(C3G*A3NKNLHN5.






LUS&T:

M?'PA;SZG\

M0P




#4;J6%^3(MH%AB[@*TW[R4,<* 3D@GCH\^-?%%R5\W4KR2 LN^)8

#]*(YX7RRW$4G_7.4
HS[!B/Y^M2
M _


L 5!ZJ6#=!S[Y
MI7B32=77=I]Z)G2&.5K:1D6X6WD(5+B2/)DVNQ4*Q.23TY-/V+C9^]IKUMIW

D^Z?JO_H0I]-;[I_#^8H X?XB:7%K'@GQ1


MYAD7:!(0@=1QOP1]['#8Z\Y QQTS7JUGJ


K);+PGHT015;[
LK$* 6=U(+


TZVP!Y=C9PD  ?O%M
MR9&(X^9BI+'DD\GIFOK

M


M/OBI\/+/0+N34QJWPO\ BQXJ^$T]Y)





M$M(Q6D_C6D5I/[?\WVN8]W3]A3PW%M9?VB?VUWVJR*S?M6?%5@CD%UR3$%



M9OCP;ML-D
I$^DN&!!((88[XR







M+\=5^%.B?%7XL^'M-\?Z/\-3?_$[5+O1?#OPS_X5YX3O-+C^&CW\7AXSZQ\0



M0@#)!$H_8O\ %#



M 


.6-[\L;]^6-_O


V*RRPQ^#_#%U%):6VB:?#O$=GKES;2MJ%W=P



F93')K O



MK2H(




*&RPZ^^1Q@\_0C&*FSDTNK=K]=?







M!&D3$!+8DR/'$@5%9BP7+ U]\]
#\/KQ_P#6K%]/1%T&W'5M[;MO\VQ:***1

M2.*-4O+^&[C1J@5+B R/MJ !(Y#OC[[@,V3BOZICAL9X) QV^]TQTQ@?

\






M!?

H?*'SA^U-XW\8_#
M;X,^-/'/@/0['6?$V@V-A+IMIJ#*UI<FXUK3+*:*6$E5=TM;JXEM#)\D5VD$
MIP(\CR7Q/^TCJNG)=7D'PKU;Q%X(T_XD:-\&M7\4:9XDT:,0^)=:U32/VL:


M+F&3X;^*^J?L;HB?$_5[^7QG8:WXDOO'\W_N?B1XROO8\8_#3P5/\ $.R\
M2Z]X2\*^




MUHV@Z!J]UIRZCIEI%XRUG4;;Q


MGC30/AYXL\47/Q5\76_ACP=X;T_4=*T?4KBQOEUBYT?Q!JNN:PUNNFZ5K?A;

_LWX
_&&P%_I&AZDMEJMQJ?PV

DNDWNC6\ $!O$4I_P@7[*QLC--JW@K





M?QWXD\


M+HO_  LS3K70=.69[/64?5+#7GU:'P)X#_9/T.35O%NK_%WX?^-6;XI?$WXC






@X!!Z$$@$$=P1
MP1WI:0]/Q7^8H P]:MX;G3]0MYD5HKFTG@F#0QS1M%-%)!()XI%9)+;RG=;E












*

]/9+K7-8CE;RH=6\:W+

M(3MI


M%'$EK:QJ@6.)(E5(HV*!BB*JL55B
@&NKJO;((XHD Q^YCSQZ+@_YY[U8KA-


M@0GY@!MY/''..N





7[-VF[=

26ITC



^$+_&RUUWP


M.B^'_!?C71?(MM$TMI-(\ W7C;3#H



M=UJ&F7WAN^TS4M






M@CC!)(=Q)J2Y4N20







MQ4E#1^\^9-6CN[]C^D/#GP6P?$E.EBLZJ5*=:






H^TISJ5*%25*

JD91E!-R4DU=?1?


MA+:/





M



M#DEG@U*P

M\TE*48K63OIKW_K_ $E+2IN8IYB A0Y=





AN;N&U

^EMI47


[
-^V

M]Q









M4?9K6U[1DURKOVZ75AXY#9_O$?G@?UKX5^/^GE=4NR0




MC'WOP''\STKBXR!



]<E8D



^@T4H #R

 &4
0
 FOIOKUKS7
MXP:8FJ_##QS8LB

=88I)X:NFDU[&K9-)KX);)I_D


HT3#8




M 
![#[!\/M


M^=L=+FS+$N[?O5-6V]FUU;ZH?37&5QM+?

MPP0.#@@$9!R#@^A (]

MGI[^?IMY-9;C:W-UIEVL=YIEQ/$TNG7\%M?V36]Y DM=&NG0+O
2M;+*BHR(
M[(%L'!@A068?

\#G!R
^N#R/0]*
#.[ W8QG SCTS

// WBCPAXKT72





5G=H[E!IL\D[J INX

MF-O#;2PLZ()(54EUV@





1'/9TY


(M9!&HEA



MO?36\Q
M



(J/


M1116A04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !114-Q(8H7==


M7\6E:=X+\5^#M3LM3GUJ72+FREUCQ$87LDU$0173*D:_'@^.GQ3T;QO\5?!^
MB^


M





M]_\ #^2U\7_318OB5\0_'?P\NOAM?Z5XCF^+'@(^&_#GQ.UJQ?59['QM=:)
MKWBQN/!



!\4/V'QN.21\!?CCR3@$G_C(O




M:
)XQ@8/'7M0WAC_ (*0D

#K]OK?C7Q+KF

MNG%W33ZIII]4Q*

M(RJW[2
0W?
[!A(KJY



_B'X?U?X@Z)H/BC4=
MDT?PQ\/_ (/^




 8( !XY'!^[74VA)')/;O_LTUNO5
M?F8&Y;Y;:
<8QGDOG


-#YC
TB7#*!F-FY56./
VL!N (^8TDG5OF#
\9V


5;CY@5SD<@@G.<UXCH0
M&/:H!)(X &2RN

!\RI &N I



MZZZZBT445L2%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 (54]0#]0#65J
2RVU

S%=S!=K31KM(SC W=
$=#7\W/[2

M^G?C$RG#TN:7+*M1BH\TN7WIQ7P\W+U_EMT/S\:^/;ZS)BM)+K3I$D+/


]I\2=:6UO;JWD#S&25@IWML&'#'!)P.AQZ\#O

M\+?!DUXDXU 7&M66IS%+-D*1PM+'J6EW0O(Y&5E

6
F
MF7-TJX&R]U V5YJ4T4H'E








[
M@-S S-+[3Y_[*N[4&0[@L=S:W
FT8^?+-\V[.CXA\1Z;X;TVZU76-4M=)TZ
MS1)KK4=2U&STVPM(C*B&6ZOM19;.WAW.JN\K#.X)'^]9 ?S;\'?$CQ/X6\+Z


MN;&6 0Z5JFJ133W




MV;V
X4VEO;

MH[1 ^4SO8

O

MXEL-!OFL);[2TO/#.NVLOF0-I5]+





MF_#[(BATC5IM?EN+1;6[MM2MI+:V2V
L
K*K:?=QN9 CRET4Q-QX[Q&K4:T








TW3MBU&+4_$NFW]_HE]J.@Z5HWAR^T[395LQ;











:A:^%XA%:?;9[;4=3@TVV3Q-K5XEEIL_O5E^RU
MX:L_#%CX6BUG6C9Z;^SLO[
ME*DNF3-_PA)TRSTRWU8PR6S(=0BBMH7:5AYH






A]





PTV



/MPZ#X;?$ARZ6NE:-



HP'4C _$^W-.IDF=AQ
MUX]NX[TGL_1B;LF^VOW'YZ?M7Z

U_+
=N!QQD8]O+K_$O\2_-'] ^
M$6(O5I1O_P O:26KT]^-K:Z6Z-6]3\OBS9K#=3I*%.]G(+ <$

BLIQ@$$


 88QC+#@88@')')!]*[M1G;QG@_P#H!_KB
MOO::7U:BK+7ENK*S3=MK6UZJS1_#F*K?6
5CJBO?Z[+7K;VFU[WMY7MY6//?


?@[X;Z19:[XUU@ZAK&GZ4QT72]0U31;2
MZ.G+?'5M0
VIVWD:587US&9I84@E^1H?VP;EHS+_ 



U2G.


M5?VZ];CUW7M5U^:77/@SX#MY()-5&Z[L[
VGC*P-Q!(P#S+/.-X3S&W
&23=




)[BWT.Z\,:=JNC^((/A;KNFZ[J;_  LTV]\4
MZ5\0KF:2?1Y^0?\ ;-_:E\
Z]XM3X;Z%;:5JWA3Q9XA\!Z1J^N^#;75M-G\







OOB%=Z










/VT_@(V?LV_M?A@HV? .^W;202H!




M_:'_ &B?%VO:7IFDZ/\ #+PKH?B7XQV7PACT_5+?QKKWBW0;:'X#V/QN\1ZD
M-4LO%6G6.L^(KJ*;4=&\*Z'%8Z4VHVWV;6[?Q-:6-FQK!8&E=)TJ33=FO9T[

M 7?S*$6

MHE



.^LO.C



'Y5P^B@!IC0@@HA!#@@J)#F0$8Y#GEQT8\M


G'4TZB@!%55 55554 *J@   !0 !@

0!@



RQ8EDR 0#T(XY/''(_SZBOH?XBVI@UK4(CT




MR

#(]*^P[

HA4QJ-MO&NX 94!?N^H /  _'FOE3P';YUVS?:,1SKD8!ZJPR!CN0?:O


M52NYCC.0#D9/.#_DYJ5))6QNQCOL8@^V


@=?A7P;^WU\'[CP/X+\4_$C6%\!:MXQT/5/$
M%GX:@M?$?B-;;2-*\27WA?\ M-+S3/#JW=Q#)=0PRWS7.V&TMS)=


M6K4DDG+2
7*24E&6MK))MZ)M?H%GVD_[^?\ UZ#\W&9%_P!HR8QCGG![XQ^-

M96EQHYM[^1KR188Q(J([RO'





M-4O;:!H9GTN3R5


N&V#(Y.3DYZ?SX&/Q)YKY
U/

598XP;EC^VI^SEJGASQ+XCTOXBK=Z=X
E\/KXE
MGDT'Q?!=6HU^6UM-)DM]-G\-S7VH1:O+OA@&FVEP&DD
BRPRXG
2X@R:A3J5



M=
LM$_L?5(M/UVQU74K^[M+&VN-3MC;P2S+-
J6QDD7S3P'^UQJ&WQ)J'QK\


M7






MWQ*ACN_#LUYKMEX8MHK71[F*7R[34M8TO140HC3W





AB*



*E&O6HXB-&GS).-6;E%0=./QR=FG%7V:O]!(
M\F&!=\



M-BO]



F
M[2M%\K:3M]PY/^W_ -]G_P*I&=E!(WDCU8GOC^\?Y5\QK^UI\+CQP_PV7X


^*]5/ASP?)

MNK=F^U1^B6G[9WPHT33]5U/XA^);#PS;:;X_\6_#_3ELH?$_B&]UQO!QMYKS






M90'_ (@/-7(#=1Q^G'U\NO\ $O\ $OS1^T^$N(3QKBM/WD$K=&YQVM:S]+'\









\]^+WBGP-X+^'FO^(_B7/8VW@2QMX(?

]]#;7L
=A/_HTLK
8$5KB+Y
N/

II&B

'[)GQ




M*8?%?AFQMM2\:OX=UR[_ .$A\

_\)MXGT#7+/6]?TCP-=2^&

M8T_X@^---^$?BVX\(S3Z[I.E:OX;C^(/Q!A\&7/@JWAGLM:TZ]A/C7Q;IL8/



M/$%I;_$_P






M=-DB73M






W-K?Q6$UZ_V:72)+^RR;CX$:_+^
MS9I?PV\?%]UR^O_BOX.^)@^(MS9:+::KJ::E^TII7[07BRXLX84&B7L$?A
M_4_$RVMK#;PEI;=&FD?
L8F\5?LC:#XTAGU?X@^)(/&?Q$O/%^D^*I/%?BWP
MKX!\1Z6\^A:=KGA32?#0^&NHV%SX7O=
N/!7BC7[%[146Y6^U.74;&6#56CN




U






/(^WD*C
JTOJT'I?E6NE]GUW_$#)T]2C[3Z'

M7(MUZK\Q/9^C_(Z.WZ+_ )_AK8A9@H/)X/7)_AQG\.OMC-9-O]W\OY5K0XV\
MLJ*%8N[?=1 F7=O94#
?85TP2YXZ+XET7?T
4W=:O==7W]3VGX6PO)KPD2)6

GW.UN3ZGZU\[_!.[L]435[_3

MU\K&XZF28V'()'' Z]13Z:^=IQC/OTZ\Y_LUHTQ-I)MIM)-M*]WY*UG=]+-
M,Q]1ABE0!RR+P3(J))(@4[BRAU897&X.02A'F8RM?GGHW['@[0- @T6/QCK

&&T*&+ $!@Q48*JS@'DX9@
;CGP\OX&X;



R$A=Q5V ++G#
 2
MD]5337WI+YLX?^(H^($I7_P!:L;4ERJ'*\!AZ<9I<
MUH2G##QE!-R=ZD)0J1]V4:D7-O@=?V)O$$-]I\GBW4UM;OXY:?\:O*2/1K
M/S+FT\+V'A3_ (1ZT%K:PI86%ZFF7,S_ &5(F@DEFN8PLPWCMO_[



(8C-.5T
1#&12BJJABJ4H3CB%0DI4I
UO(Y[1WU WUM%<6DD;86*-
MP\
;Q_H[Y
YM[.$3[



!@$LI;)();
M@$G/.E7A7AZO2IT7A


R@\5F&8_P!HXKGC&5.+=:-2511DI24HJ$;N/+%\J3O%)+\]M*_8



 +C&
8^F.
=

X#.[ 98YXE


^%/#S





*[MP; !W!V+
&XY#
Q9LG!8L3D

MI;M]=-NQS8_CKC+-:+PV8YY3J8:5+V$Z?+!I4?9NDU#F7NR5)N*DK25WK=N_



=8EN-3^!.D_ Q


MYG*4*





M!?AU^Q#X?^'_ 

M2*NHQA!GY0%XX.



M%Q\\N6QSCS0



'VT
-K:QR-N#!2X/(?:

M




O(_E/Q8Q2H95C*6M




_:/UR





;E/B)H&IZKK?A[X?:OH6B67B&.#Q!





M\$WTNK:/H@L)]\&:/:&TTF*PCBC6/\ 5.#RX3Y,657 /EIP') ^7@$LQ
M('4L3U)I_P!EM=H7[-;[5C2)5\F/:L4;!TC VX$:. Z(/E5@& ! - 'Q-^SY


JW
MR+XQ@UFR1?#?B?POKJ1^'MU2[U0F31PUI=PQ^'I*&J_/\ :,N_B/X]FUZ



MI?B6Q@\2-JWA+4=.M];T?[-JFGR);NNAX?\ @;\9]:O=&M-8U#XFI\-H_'U[



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *9(H93D@'CYBH; SR
$'(894




MKVZR^$/BJZC4R64-GG'
JL144U_
M.I=EHUIIY(WBBBJ AG0-#)'A@)!Y3&-G1U60B


M4'M?[0T_SUBF

08



BQC:NV0


MY[^9[ZOQV^$2Z/'XDD^*'PX'AN:^32(M97Q_X4N-)DUEX7F71[34X=46WN]3






MXMM5UVQV:C?[I%=]W][_ 


L&DFXN


/['%W8QZ3J6K6W@^\M[.[N_-G2&UBN+N/RJP_9RUS3M=T#75





M^+O!]SI-KKGAWQ/9Z/%?6?\ ;UC]OT/4(F\/^(_%7A]]/U*!VM(A%XR2XN-2
MTO48?LEO



MUTR]U=OBG\-ETC3K]]+N-4/C?P]/8V^I1PS30:;?3+J$4EGJ++:7KSZ7.TEX


MCQCX


.6._+&_?EC?_ -)/M_PW\1?!
M_B_4]9T[PWXL\+Z_?^&[R2PUW3=#\2Z3K5]HUY;7-]I][;:U86%U)=:/J$6J
MV]U926ER][:H+



MH_R'%7DEKJTM-]7;0RKM=Z3)C.^.1
8!SO#+T/UK\4_VS/#[!+U=B[TNY#G:
M

C S@=O?\ :Z=P^&  &Z

MU.15&Z24W*

MO8][_


O#!E66


CDG




M



%

K74;+Q7J^?#!O?%MKK$B7&LV7B759-
:^\1
MVVKW


M8  D@ %L;B  3@8&3U.!P




44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

MO\@LNR^Y#0I!SN)]O\FEP/0?D*6BDTGND_5)_FF 444462V27HDOR2 ****8



M


M2^$8K.T9EMY(;7R)_%LWB9X[BY1=)U_4/#.@^'/$ZZ?K]UX?USQ#)I=W'
M?1OE1;@_EQ[PAB#;%W



8X'&
4CQQR*RR1I
M(K!@RNBLK!E*




M\7\(_C8


M7N_VJ/#$1T_3-1T[QSH_B^^\:ZYX'U+PE=P^$K35_#VO^%-)T/Q)KT8O8?%D
M_A75_L6FZ_HKZ58^'O$'BF^ULW\T-MI?C%;6\LK

M' R.AP
]!3/)AWF3RH_



.KXG\
?M4W6LV
MNI)J'PQ\=V7B:3XS_$WX1^#?!VGZQ\/]:UCQCJ'PTO/$O]LW^FSV_CJWT+3X
MH-


FC:I97^F7.HZ=H.J70U:VCL=+



3:/H
(BT6ZU&WMM4DO-#\0C1_$-XMHNGKG[0


N4/R2
MA


MBOS]_;3U#1_#VF6]_P)Y8--T^B2WDUZZ+0Z;I3S3Q06W]LW



CQSP^9T:\)*$J6(I5%)NT4X5(R3DM$TFKM.ZM


^H67PO\ BK8:[I6@

=PP


90]V32;=GHW9]'T/9


1G!Q7ZH_'#]

M\:4*OF

MA1R

MM3J)-)IWU\E%V^]W3Z
_75IB



.

X7!1(Y3Y;.RM*3&R* TLGRJS#YSU7]FGP?K]]\2KB_

-B01
=


MUP!DX+-S@9/+
?
MJQ/4FE
UM&




MK!C3PUXCU*&SN9R/M
90A)?3F_9I\KIVDVNCZCXI\-7WA[Q_P*?B'HVJ:=



?@/Q?9^
M


-1TC63KGB?POKN
7VBZ)=17$<0\1K=6@


M.:A\VTCN! TD'G@&95




M6EMP




M+V&2&!0?H
R6CD9:)R&+ %4;YC&8BP^7.XQ
T9(Y
9*'Y213G:VD7;((W7.=
MKH&7)SDX92





N91


 :ZFTTF&
MVC9X8T2:5WGF9(T5GGG97FE=E +23,B&5V):0JI8DJ,;6^!CP5SV(&/7!QQ






;RW$X@



MFTFXJ\DFXKN^B^\IW.X(P#
!_$RDJ50G#
.1C8N6ZC&W((.*_._]KKXC&[U3






P(5@ =V4R#1@U[P_HDLQ\/:6EM9M?%
M;V46=USECMC\IY)3& 967.5.1G;R0P\HD\.ZM?B.\UI[IK*.17TZTMI)1 B

MG/&349=QEG^187



N
%
N*_5EQ



J1A
MRS5_4_@AXQYQQ?F4
P





M9/IL+^







M
FJ:
=/^TSC[OTG0_A!KNN:WXH\/Z7\/]2\16'B6U;Q1KNEZ7X9N]8/B?0;6





+


MG)


4YM[N:#1=!=]5)%U/

MAIUMJ4&L6-EXKTK1M?M8M0AM;NR@URSCUH7EO
T-GJ-Y:07
2FXAM;RYC@=1


MA\/=.V:Q\


MOO .L3_:KJ]TF^T_[0;X2_!Z*WT*P3X:_#=(-!N9=0\+VA\'^&HXO#M]?WD%

M:-=075WXJM_#VA#Q0+R#1#X=T][O6[6U_M)I+'PVDF@63W5R[VNC%=*M7CLL


 $$  @8!P
@'!

MQMY+N65GVK'';CS'9B2HVJJ$E3]\97G.*BI*$:=251\M.
)RG*]N6$8MR=[J
MUHIN]U;N73A.I4A3IJ]2I.$(*U[SG*


9D!B*N0:_)G]CKQ9\2

M!AFD8Q1.I_

ME74



MJ^'?BOX
\5KXOL/'P]OM'L;F#3[B#1[71M5\9):72I:3ZII4-QVK7\]J+D

%KIRP3?;YM

MX1L=0TE+F/Q#X
N]*GET?7HK[4[J6VM4@AV-J=BW!O(R^W[0RFOQ1^.G[1WQ


I+_9E9J+;3335M&?U
W?\ P5=\:?#3Q%-HOC;1
M/#/BI(6FL3$DL^BZG'JMO#+(6WV4
EFUO
Z+%&LBM'([K&N&92/K7X&?\%$]
M*^)4L]_XS\$ZQX)T*WG74KA;HQR7%W*MLD4




MQDD5%DBD)65(QB.:-RA:0-&(WE)%965XV9.KOSI^(&H-X%^
6I?$WP9]FU


MN

MCF
6LWW+'X6\/PR7

-=Q77EBXBNF%NK3QS^59DE9EE,
M,6\-L7%#6=/T2VN9I](M!'%:/)(RZ;;7


GG12
M^U?#OPCX%\!V&L:(=?L-7@O]1_M66.[U.;3-+WV32QM+?4];U6XCTZ%=SK

MP_O-2

MTO[/K%M'4S*]_:1;0Z
EZGELA




QP6%=+.




/'=A8V]U?3WWAS5+)+.

\'
M'#9D\5CL/.JJ&&CS)?6JZA.



Z:Y^5\D*DI1]V_
H:.]HVMMNCZ-T7Q




MQV\?



M%RI!S


M=T.&L HJICYVC2:JRC)WC[EIMV=U?31VO?KU/!J9IB(37+3C%-V:C&
4UU34


TW4=
NM$T_2)EBPJR7)OXY+B _+-EBZMDF

<.+6-+





C++

Z[KUC




MOGU&U^XEL[9-VV)5WL[/@ ;VD
C2
W'S

VT)C3


MSLZ'E':3/F

M2OB#X-3V
'AB&R\/Z7KOA?0I+/2+/Q#X-M=(T_P1J/V2'PW%8VMLFSI/$_[-

M6:W\4:7JVL:EX/LO&8EBD\0:QJ+S^
-/O8_%FEZ9J
/ZC&RMFW[HE;S'
DF0

M4A@!/

'-4UGQKX'O_ !_%9:Y?:=J.


M9V_V(?56=M$S/'B.S
S
% +.TC3
[8 W

M)))MP!F5P?


M/V__ (EZK\*?V==6\2Z9&GV:Z\7?#_PSK][(-R6'A?6?$FEVNO:L['E&A@GE
MB:;C:
9.

-_X




M
@REDZX&58&

M6]\0Z7EI&D


MA


*R&
M4RN2D'F2$G9BO:_CCX6O?@M\+M
^(^E+X:\1^%V\.Z1JOA86?PZ\'Z5?W$&I
MV\]S'.'M[.6.Y:,KY$R$2)*L3*P*@CMH5:UI3HTZE13J3C3@E4J*\I-12T




8\TN9?$U*

T6TT?P_K
30Q3
M6EV\6O&S_P!8TLJHR2;;B-2H20X82$ $FO[+/^7?Q(U?XI_L9?_P 6:F=2
MFC677-'T.\U6-DO;_P 
:1KNH6/A_46GF+374=UIL=ND4I=\0B-%(C7%?QQ_



88EX?#.
M
QD<EV PCS$C/:

M!IQ:K$TJQ^:1([D[#+N. A.TH)7

MKB.PB-U:6\]S=V5G=:QI]MJ-Q;V*S0R1:=+=.MTK.R*F]G4PP2 \9::#\


MLFK5
LEBJ=Y5*V
]G2LG))J4;1;N^5-RC:.E[]4FG]A&Z0*#QD^I_P /TIAN

M'P_A\
W1%SKFI
=4MO%

M/#\?BNUNM$MM1N]#OO!

391_:;M?\ 66T5A=WB@RL%C=$V
M
SZ9:6-Y::3/!&Z2:E9

M^XYQ3BE3Y8MRUNGKEA^%Y5
?PWA*^*^IU


M9(TGWYX#Q

D




18Z

M^QQ3]G



M[)$+NS)W![0J5PH!K



M^-?/AQ)'/;M+;LH64LOSY'^Q'IL#?N?VF_VU?

@[OFN_.@&

B['( !!!&


M-16-DF1KFWB38$^9

%+JZ<



/.7-5H4)RHPJI


^'MQ#J6K:MY7AO4[6*[MI_$NDW
MCZ!(\EP\T/GVT]JR3?;TMY_

M07NI1:OX


D?GQ_M\
M_M6K I=@9+']FR99.)/


MTZ[AU

M?/QZ@ .Y8[KP;^SY?)$RN'$@EA^$%HTTA=%;8MS'Y3!9



@89L
Y8CEL98G.
 FOB33OV;/VA;*\L;U_P!NWXL:O:VEY9W-
MSIEW\-O@2(M0M;:YCN+BQGFM_ EC=10W

M)




M@J:FMC!SR.
CVR

6DG&+MK&+47U3.!KF3CWO\

UBX*^NC37+K?W7?6/PM;Q:/WOP;S.%/ZUA+1]WGEI&*N[+5Z*[33LW
M=Z[HYVUU<6C1HT; %AN\MC$Q]#O7!X;!Y.3T[UZ]X9U.5TD_TQ &$12GS'P


D:9<N8A(R@2':


P

M*Y[FI9;ZQ


M_P!:V(U5@K


M'C.

M!K[*^ 6EB*VU&_D53
OZW^BED^*J\65
MLPQL6Y+.K%37-RRBN9./.I<K3M9QLUT:/R/Q7Q*P_#JH1]Q5<7&FU#W$U*=

M69SA0H8;N01SMR%[;L9!&17C_C?XU?#7X::_X/\ #?C_ 
86'A76/B)K%]H'



90 ZHW'FP

='\(^%+#7M/^'VN


M;^T+JUTS0K#4Q96LCZC::#&L;7W8:1^T-\,-;U_PIX=T3Q1;Z[JOC'1#XCT
M6RT6'4]:%QHDEYJ.G/K3R:-IFJSL+#7]

TCQ-K_A*[\.:G-XBM9_
M%NCVOB+PU::/J&HW6B?9-


MV]AXZU[3-/.IP:_)IALGM=-L/$

MF_X2&[ELM/OM;T/5K*RT/76\0V&M^&[ 7WB;2;WPC';W6O:!=:5 NGWU[_;%
MBYTFSU?35EN8AK
%Q#YKXY_9LE\6ZU\2)[/Q?9Z'HGQ)O/A=KFOZ'!X6DO[_
M $_5/AGJ^GZQ%JMG?MXST^U_LSQ!IVDVVCZAIRZ'-MNIH;Z-8KBVBGAY+XB?







M'7-
ET[1+=DO=2N;RVL(?+N;A OS;^U#\'/&7CS7? %WX;T?Q1KGA_P;X ^*



M2U/]ICX.Z7IUAJ-YX^M;:+4+/Q-JT+Q6'B&ZAM=(\):Y+I7C75=6G.FK;:3:




M#[X;^ #!XRT[QKX/\0_$23Q99P:K=Z9#X?T;4K?1KJSL;VRL[RSM]1_MNXN[


M]Y?ZMI?AN.:/5=5L;&?3M.N9C:7Z3ZM(C'Q)OV=_'/B7XA?%J^\6:I%HOPR
M\0_';P7\6K+P]8Z#::MK.O2^ ?AS\/K?3[A/%%GXFB72((_%?AYM/FTO4/U
M^+ZV\/2QH^GOJZ:K:]7IW[-_B+PIIOPE?P)\0$T[Q7\*/A7KOPKM-9U_P?\


?:SP@X!(







MW2K#2([*WTM=0L%_L_3;6.ULU


MZEH]WKVF:=97
M%UWQ'\*?&7A[PWI8UG6M;TJ\TRTT\W6JO

;'X@7WP^TG


MHH99B


M3

M@1[%]UHSI [1-Y2D?)'BSX4?$B[T8:9X7T/5;:S3PC=7MI+J_C:'4Y]

MCZP^C62IKU[=0K_9T$ME:ZE9Q?NXWBA\Q+=6*\D_AOQ?XF\1?%[P]I^G:]+X

J[M7S%7BG T


MO%/QC\



5MU_%#

#AX=0L


IQ?-%RP&!?O+5:O!-K7JF





AKF:U6[L9=0$-M








MJWB7QB_CR\3W_AP\+ZSI?Q$N_AYK

MU#PSJ37MNPVWHVVGNFVT_6[=_F.R[+[E_D7/AI\2?B1XB^+NI?#'6H9HG^&C





4ZFO]T_A_
46OH]G_770#)U

]?S_P#2'P:Q'&&JI*]/%0:=E=):V3:
M;2TV37H?I_A7BUA\TQ=-VO.*5_\ %IZ]3XYABE4R99-H8_*N!SVX[#/?KCOR
M:UK*Y(*Q[N2Z@;B2N-P)R2.GMU/3FLN\S9!1C(=SE\#..

M$D4/M4G(.=JYR/F'ZCN?7-?Y9\5T)O


M98 9/KP


M7-O


M(^

MZT5;6:7XB_M%^

M4

M0O!EQ-IVJ?$7Q9
R^
















M=110 4444 %%%% !36.%)SCW_&G4R7_5L/48'U) '\Z+7T[Z??H3)\L92[)O

0$\=21G)ZGGG%?G%XJC*S2GL W'89XX&


BGO
MQC(^G3\Z^T=;P(FXXW

N))&4-@$@L 2
G'4Y('/;J
XY-?FK
MC%[Q3]4G^:9^@R;4)6;7NO9M=/4^







M#





'D52P6&HZ4;07.IN%-1I

8'![S


M^&H9+A+:;3;34M0-A

MVX^&OA/Q/XPU32-#UF.ZFN[?PHMP-6M;)QH]P^HV-O.^G1WM]IBW
MCJ%S%;
M;O[
:Y=.O?1ZKMT^X=WW?WO_ #.#?_@H)\&0/



M.03QS@T ?#$W[=?A
-Y2_L^_M?DD@;S^SGXUBC&#GF1Q;(N0
#=
@)(7YB0C

M =S;Y$^4$+N;F?3_P!LVXUC4-/TR#]EC]L+2CJ.H6-@-1UKX/6&F:;8[NX







)T74)M7T*]T+PC=6.NV6
M-:L;N4VVFZ9KVJ7FEA]4EB2;S'PK^Q




M8+F#PS
MIVF74EGHME;.+6%?J$$[R
\8Z?E7YJ_!+]GWQ?X2_:#OOB
OPV\



M:!\O K\G\8


?7Z;FE1E4R%# $
M#:0
')QT/'OT/(]JIZI;_8KV2(











M/

M-YKGC_QQXONO$_@;5=5^&=Q\2O#/Q\'ZCX;T33?_@;4KW3)(+3P?8Z1KNG


V6!W=)&=,C674;59_)NGDHLQC+PRN;=



M

UVUGXRU73[/QD

M:I;

T%LNI:WJEM
MI&GK=7$\=K9Q7&I7LL=O;BZO9(+2


NG^&_'7@C7_#^BV7PPLY-
\/ZW=^--5G\;W/AJ'XA

M9_G\3B_T ZUJVE)H?Q0\






'+GX


MN_B%X6/A^SUB#1-0U2WUVRU+3--U699%CTOSM.C-[_:6H!IKNTAFAN;22ULI
M9X)((D4UU-GXZ\
WVI7&B6FKV5SK%GI&E^(+VQM]0L[N6#3=:&IMI4[/%*EL

WBZ\TNXT+0M



U

ZC\*[K


-5
M^(UW\4==GT+XE^*?$'AS48+C7H/AW86GA7P-J:^)-+\(Q:-;:AJ4^J:#)$^H









ETIPV



MMRPCC$9=OF!FEERBKA67S
[6)QN48SRQ9CC-N@ HHHH *CE.(S]5_5@*DIDF


M^!8Q[9KY&_8PTI-+^#.BN(RC:D;B[!*@;E5O+3)ZG8GR(3G:H*@XXKZZ8$H


.D^'-Q



\:? ?X7?#GXQ^//#$$?










O$%QXTUI?&MYI&D7U@O]G0Z7X%GOM7$^N7










M.S$_I0!)12 @@$<@]_;VI: BBB@ HHHH **** $/]1_
5Y;\8O$VI^#/AUX



C@\$Y /R)\5





M




JJ!*^X _/G]D_]HSXF_%[


Y/ (]\GCO7Q)^V'I@E\
:

M:M\


8M8;/LOGM)8W#1;VDXRJP37

MS;B9^A^;.)!CKZ=0?RK:T0BW=P1\SJ
'&#TSU&3_ /6JOX@L/]( 4 
&8NRC

G
MDD.?GXPI[\_3L


[*:Z\8)*5P

M%VX QC:JKCIM4#H!3Z* &^6A !1


G%4-*T:TTFW@L;&SL+'3[3
MMK&QM8+6TMPB[8Q;VT)#$!P@C1=@R!C-;=( !T 'T % ;5R3M7+').!DG



#P1@]#UY'M7XD?'

M3X8XA/%5::MRN2?*G[MW+=Q^%M/KRWOU/C36D1Y9PX4J5?.X CC)'!![U\R^
M-[2.-9)4P
OFGQT&9I@K




Q   !;.6/\1Y))



M'QFG^$T/@34[;XPZCX3TGP;=7EC:3W?C#7$\.:1#JZR0W^ESQ:]+=V#Z)J%A



\/?&'P7XNU_X4Z]X@^*-M'=6BZ9\




MM/9^
;7POX9EU-M#\&Z;XE6ZG;5;/PY::9;WMV4O;N%[N!94 /D_0_VR?$VG















H[SP)X3\6^*[;4_$7@JS
M\&WNCZ%I?B2W\%ZM8:596OBG7+N+_0KG5=
CO;PQ/?C_ &J?'^FRZN/$OP0L



MO


MSZT44 %%%% !1110 R1 Z

M2)I4R




') )Y&:BTPX!C4X)STR.@S

[1[4C8[


0G%I;M6^_^OD7[5
3
HY!P<@Y!Y'-9UN892L:
@)P
M&) YQR=WKTR
]#CG.:VW$%O$ODR1S/NC9EPI/RNC




!
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

T^FN














M..G XIU% #/+3KL3:IRJ[1A2,@%1C .1D8ZGUI2B$DE5)(VDE025!R 21T






@]Z_17XO?#^WUCQ+K&A:I9O &NY


R11 DLS




MCF9Q\P4@-D\'#=1U)/L



7&/E*H=Y&,'D$G
MG.

G -?^)?#UAL#F3[7KFFQ*H56/S



C)C+8)/8D'&3

CU'YTM6 4444 %%%% !11


M=B8IKXW&245_


MZ3[W5_OV' #NY_/'\R:7('.XG';=UJE=2



:_-


HQ



M.N*\\/A76M4O7M].TN[O9YOE1VVFZA([88-($ $87]VK$NSK'&N9)0T2NC




M-/1IIIII]FFGU3 X3Q;X+TWQ7;HMW:;;N 'R;D[69

9]C7S;

TU)
M.

JM7DDFI+VU:SB]&FG5LTU?1II[-



[

:5.G22MM94Z=-*W=)/M8QGBIR35Y/3

M G_+0D1GAC3I&V([X)V*SX!P3M!; ^N
?S!KY?\ VI_C]:_L_P#PJU;Q7&HO


17YCGG



(IIVV:MW+GA_PQXG\1RL=$\G4(2OVA[[_A)W
^*_-Y)!<W?C?P6UK<(75CK^KW=G






3JD#.9,R,N3NR?9P?$





CU'YTM?3GS84444 %!(')
MHIDGW#@9.5 '/4L 









[%Z2DDDU%Z-WMI9:W/R[-,ARW%.4<#E[HJ:<5B:L
M%[.@WHJU2\4N2D[3EJM(L[3]L[]M/X,_LZ_!Z_\ B/XO^+L?P^UBQCO5\*:6
M=-LO$\OC'7WTJXBL?#LOAVXU708=4T^'4+B[UG4++Q'X2BTO2K6ZU+5?%.A



5IJ



@X.#ZUC:KIMOJ=

JO')%-\C(5;C+ X1L$H^U@-RBMJHY ASQTYZ'J.])Q
MYDULVK*26J;TNFK--;JS3[-NX^]%*4H^]%-)IR6L59IK5I;H_
7XK? 7XM_
M#\W]S\);B+Q'X.FD:^D\':UI]IJ]OISM*K[H6OEEWH7PP6)-T('F*%
8(^/K
M[X\^


M.M[\IA@P\MY(6FCY49

G][^1[F


/!03_A$? ?A/P\5.Y7TC0M+


M$2X(X^9FP0/O
I0MCGDJQ!;J02
\U

A

MO:4HM74JD+2@FM;WDDK6U/Y

4P36Y:1,Q%=V93'DD<':5#C!7-
M<['=ZC&ZBXAN8)(I 3YH=PQSABDK$D'!.2

B@QW

09%VG#
M*5/+*!P
@_/XS&87$IN-62LFURSDK=FK25GV:MY


MF 9E'()49SVSGK6+ EU(D?EV6@2&0L&N61=W 8_
I3+Y(QSD#.ZKT=CJ

S0L/M,P$NU7#*+0\/)(6$<4F
PR

5FZKI.


MNT7?'#;INODQQ*(/)ZR8K]CO^.G[&^I_#GQ=XC_: ^+EQ%JOQ?\5Z*UK90

BS(JS,1PS $Y)R-H(H43:P)8A54$]@H8*
M![*'8*.

\L@O$

MNG:C8:RL$84.EY;.8X+^)B#Y=Q;?:G

1K5KJWA6YS+;2



^73Q;10VJ6<B((I7@!557
M&W8TD(#!3G;@''.TC!(K4TN\TZYBM@LL
LBH[/#.5)(:)AAM^?N@[@

MUU&BZ*EXS)8VRO)+(IWJ0T:;7#ME1P?D5@
# .#7J02YXZ+XET7?T/GL56Q%

VBMHY&A8
MLN'\P*0@VY(^;('^1ZNDM=+L+ QS00I-+@[E0(B'*[6W$<<*Q(SUQ7:US)Q

4/RDUP_[1OP4^&/B_P$OB'3;_1XHC#I
M^J3Z3)8,(4MM2GMWCLKN!%6

M QC0*?.B




M
PI.&


M;3:^\-B?W5_[Y'^%&Q
@[%R.AVC(^AQD4W
9/Y'-.
M[[O[W_F.[[O[W_F.P/0?D*

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4R0X4DDCIR#@\D#J.:?3)%W
M(1TR1S]&!HU6RN^B[OH@T?Q:1^UTTZ_@4Y9







/F]7ZK@W2JPPV(4N5QFXVIS;NG*

M:K#=W5G?ZYHVAVL5H


MW+)0EJHII_=HE!7



LMPN-^IULK]LH2]


#E=HQM*D

@ @*37ZY_MD:0]MJNM$*.;APJ[1C'FIQCH .N 





F_:R;P

:D4TWHTT




_.*:LK.3=KVM:
M_F];ZWOJ?1  '0 ?08I:**^O/C@HHHH *9(-R

MKKKL)KF3CMS)JZWU]+
\9^/6D-KGPG\9:9L
AGT*\DVXW9:UW0;!!^8'(.
M

UE.F
'C!#8/M]*_EE^


MNU_L:ZOHGU#2GM[B602IJ.ERBQNHX2#MS-;^5+M4D$INP1D8P2*]I\.V5L]P
M+73]=AN(B0\3ZE&RRJ^TLPDG?


MKRW6
;Z^NO4_H7

4L5CIEA:-$4



M'G KL_ 5A)J7B[2?




JLW3I5*B:


;591TE&FU[UFF



3Q5E]*


M(V8-O);8S









JHFA1AM2\3L-6K
M5*3RKBQ*E=RME-G:+=W_  +VM%W=^JONB)<$XJHOVO#\95Y1C&I+-INE%R]
Z%+;
MVES;7CPPAE4B


C%3\K=LX.#@\@]


M9G*I$SC[GN(HW#1R!F5AM)4

Z;8_%+6OB

DBZ5*GC
/4KU:;E33BJD93G5]E*E[1+1OGYKJ+O?5/V^'\5E=*

MB*XO/&NFZ3#_ &RX\.:Y9V/GW.E?VD)I=^D0:;;-=KIOEZ8)I4EE)FMK4^=(

MS! L:8



A:UHVHIMK8P0
MVUG!8P64CR17Z3&6*.2W1O-D7'I5Y^S_ .$O&4=YK^MZMK-QXBUO5/#WB%O$


9HH
M7DL+NTECN;&86T\4@F;8H#9*QE1\X#Y
@%=^H7*' +=FQDXVMQGVQC@X/IUK

GA(Q_L]-_5ZRC&

0IDB[
MHW7YN5(^4D-GM@CGK3Z:YPI/NH_-@/ZTGL_1C6Z]5^9^-W[;VC+#=W\JHREX
MR^2
?




^WX8;;J*[:L[*[:^2O8^/KYU68(P!4NX((!4\'@@\


MC()R


5LQQF7

YZ'@^N?P'


71N
MJ7#


8+#GG//(_Q[
M

Q#%
C


]
M_!+2S%?:GJ&T/[+!;*-H $GF!W88'#

M?#L5K=R6'B'2M:&M75IJ/V^[CMK=].2&810R.X6

M?KJ']KM9+!!-(EZVE2317^GVN0PN]0BB^U;XU)ED#2$(0SYXF_\ @L^N7UDW



TGS5%3C*


M3$J)(&$GEO\ 



M;WX?:A/?Z

US]LM]22YL?$$/V&2

M  SI\7C+2XG\
__6?AKYH\//G9JSV\9O!XC!W0OIDEQL.=TL7F%@QR/(K5

M54TJG+&$G44DH)*/.E%1
T/PJ/%/BS1KC4]3\+Z!K$^


XTW
M2A.



OS)RH!.-PR
%6&UA\K'&54E

KP0VOCW0

M]H1V&
++\

7



SJ\\


?^+

M&D/[
_[3\1$W_#?OQ2#1L'WK\&/V;OEPX9GD$_PT
;PJ1ON8W'[V%9$'SLIK

?QGX@\)Z=X\L-(TG7=.T


MBND4*24OB2E_B2E_Z4I'SW\'?A!\9? ?B*]U/XB_M

/C;I$VA_8;;0O$?P





MC.7:





M


_M/L_

M9@TJD1L%VY!.=V
D8XSTKVC1TEN[.

.MM$P8\E6$B'*D\@G&
@@XXKRG2FT

U['83-##$FGIN5XRI$@R5&TD 9!QM(
MR

!P.*^/KCS3%#;LZM*_
MF+(PQY@9U81')^;*RE60Y^4@%<$9'W3X9M19:%I%L%B&RLH0H 4 F 2R$
M %W^9L8#
-QR:\G
?C_KN?FO%^CI):*^RTZ]E9?@=51117EGPX55O4#VTJL[
M1K@

D$Y40SHT



JBYEGS)#+:7]FS]H]2WE_\

:GHVY-R

M?@G^SC(\23NL$:/!!\-DF8.TBQD*P W9?*!@?GGQ-^UA\;]

M=:C\-_$7BZ/Q??7


MA[XAU3P-^SKJGBUGTF]M]?OM/\;^&-/UBXMM0TK4M5E\


MS2_FE_X%+_


Q_9Z^$J2QN@+%73[+:Q%R
M!M8M










]7F .X?X0?MIJKC_ (;Q\
LY

HG_  LBW@D+
X0%I%(SNC+2!5


MK^(/BW1[N1=7UW0? W[
]WH^EV.G^)?$L/ASX?6\ES\0?%5OJ7ASPZ_A_3;N



T=G=&UMI9+'SIDAO)8TED

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %12R(@^=MBCYBV2

M_F*S-6:-;65I?]2(V
Q
AB40@$RM)

T

M6D'CV+Q'%J?B34=?^&WCCPWXNUZ#QM\(=
3XR:CXN_LZ+3[[[=H7PJ\)^+A;

TEKX+TJTOO#UW/K5NO@S]HOXG:5\-K.VNO%G@ZQN_#7





M\%Z&+BT@^(7C+X??#O3+W1-


M 




]

7BZZ\)_#2+
M5)OVBO$?Q(A\57F@Z1/KMUHLW[/VF?#S2]6BCBMTGN[H?$Q8]8M;62Z^VVYN
MKS5; IJ

MB?Q7X7N;[4O[7\






M=+EV6RZ+R\CO-+Q*8HQM4EAM8@?* 

M

BO6M(E4
V
+\J]./Z#M

M#VX/6O.-/G^1022


(M
M8V*%%M;60(4<GSXV*YQG!(+$<@L,]17Z6@ !< #IV_V37Q?^Q#H?]G?QM0=


M-O11G!* CMU7=D=



0Q
@!+ D[B!DY(Z@=
JX/<!O4$@\&N-UZY
.I$(&\MHK=)#)RRMM




K#Q%K?C?08/%VHZ

MJ_F6QT*T\4:L=/NM5U^TTGPYXB\3ZEH?AN*YL;[1K&6ZM+2VDT+K]D3PAKMW


M%US1Y8[+3]9B-KK::3J4
&D_!3X8_!S0?&GB77O''C


:UX]\#^'[#4
&M1BT+4'T;?<ZGF
M#3M5L-0TR_T_5(O7B;3M0MI[S6?!^EPZ[IL^I?/GBKX?S0-*\


M&M?V+'KGBS5'TE+9@#Z?:QLG

^4.\PJ L1;)C P
MFT4_[):[M_V:WWE0I?R8]Q5?+PN[;G:/)BP
X'E1X'R+C&EU-D*2EH_+=B0\

MBB

%R [@
PSAF&XY/-9+7\I638

M@

75)
ME93Y:*OF11*/


MZN\D2
U &U/:VQCGD^S1&
M1H C



JZMY



$
Z<=/TC0/#/VZ#Q^FHZ*ECJ&AW&@:;<K?6GB!;?;J%]9


MW3-+T/PUHL


D(GN(N;L/V-_A?8R^(H9M7\67W@[7]/\;Z3'\/[
MVX\)V_A71=-\=VNJVOBV*&\T;PQIGBS6HYH]7U)M-M_&OBWQ=:Z*URUQ8:?#

M\





M:M/KEAJMV-$BF\1Z[=^$=?\ !3ZKK5HMJ\$=K=6OB+5)$MK=8Q)*J--Y@5_-

4)C#[=C-*8_
8@)B







J_,]$TC+PX)).Y<9.2/F'3/\ D]*]W^'ULTM]
M&G&6;C\$8\9^GI^!KQ'253$8((4G)<$X#$=

M1;R

[GJ/K_ $-<IX)T
MY-'\

MVD/+[1^157?$5=;ZM]^XM%%%;D!1110 4444 (0#U /3J!VZ?EVKS/XR6AN/
MA3\1(H8U

4=&!5U8JP()!4FDFWJDFWUT2???YG3@JKH8


M9?MW,)O-'F#!7F)BK8;@X*D'!#889^[D'@D'Z,T0WEXRMVW9&#DD^80@W*


M9QMEN[C7]1/W42*R5?X5


MT*Y:WQYRQS



MU;08[S2;VZC73=6AT?48+:RMR/
TRS/V4_9X47Y4U7]D_P 7^
;77-*'[.WA


M:S\&OBGX#TOP[XE\O1_B7JL%U'J%C=:%?C69(Y9;-9/$N@:;YH\7Z/):@'TU

GB:#2H9['1H/^$$AO?@)\0/!NAIX?OKR





MTO0 #K?$G[/GBWQ;+\1=1T;X0CX:^(/$7B[P
UUX@\#+\&M+M?B9\*_#?BNP

GL7Q4^+?BC0OBIX
M)\!^'O'WP@\!:3XA^%?B_P ::AJ_Q7T75?$5UK5KX:U/0+=--L;6V^(WPNM[


?2TU6S\^\3?LV

_#K0?AM\4;GQ#8:;JGP:UG1;]V^(/B!;?79_#&KV=








ML?KZS69(\7$ADE
K@D

]/\ &FGZ

X4#)+'  RQZDXZD]SUH 6BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



4 -
MDQMS[K@CKRPQ^'//MFOP^_;HT)8O&&KW*QLHO))-N1\N0=QR.G('?/;U(K]P

N
M[.#TYK\ESK8KRDI05FI<TK*]K.^MK[:[GZYE-3XFDYQFVU%M*[W2NNO<R
M].MI$:/:S+\PS@D#G((/U!(_IS7J.D6T@+ 
X&%X)(';.




M_0W]E+PS-JWC7PI:PQB02:KI321X!65([F.67S$(*N#$K[MP.X9!XXKY%^&G
MPU\9^.=5L[;0-&NK@2W$4(GDMKBUMXM^=S/N41RILW;BV01GKFOVZ_9+^!6E

.5#IM;^$$ U^@\
Y1BJ



;/%X9.=



FIO<)AEBN&V1$)R^YMV1M0
7)K]E:N+@Q0V^4*,9KQEASM(.\*W+$G9X\PKGC)'BGC7X@
!@?
ME7S-9OFCK]J/?O'K?;_


MV40M[9FWM;P!(5$
#/\ .T

M\Q7/-:]% '/:=X1\)Z/;VMII'ACP]I5I9



M:9/
IR<]3



-S#(=*U&&-#<6%X-CQSP2,I:7
**SQ

M?L_WTUC8W$WC/P:T16&YN]
.M*(#* %NC
)_
(0A?FSM;G@K7QAXC^(G@G6K
K5E?GC/JSW<#F_L9T




M-RVUT3;MY6%  S@ 9))P 

 CHVK6'PI:7P%%=7K7=MI6GWE[8-
MIKRSI)*=&UZ=Y3L9?,+VMXC0I 9$@5)?+D7]0JGJJGZ@'^8I#&AS\J@D 9V

:7UR'#;&*R@HC-

MWE\[L\XQG'.



=5Q

end







begin 644 image_003.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


M3_.@ R?4_F:


: 'QD

MX]*:.@^@H =D^I_

O:2C[).=

M+([A 0S XZAB/3WJH)9/
 \Q\9'&]L=/3-8&J:[8:3;F_U.QMH$FFNY+RY




PW-PQ'WF[''I3FG6-0S;SD _Z]


M=I4^4]W/MSL
TV/






M!HIX-1N()D*R0W
L;1O%_$/_!9WX'Z?&Z^'?!/Q&UJ9RJUYI^CV

FTE0Z

MU


M([)MI?1X/Z

V6\NEA<
MF
7

K(C

QSRICA)'.]QAFRQ)/



M_--4:B@ISMS35-*E*4:=H*6[#_ 


'_  5D_; -VJ2_ SPT]N[$@?V5XNT]T0GY

E9=W!W;0
M'SNQ@TJ:?H:L3%I.EP,V22+2&4Y/))Q.23UY)&237R]3]H#XOQI2K0=:<$V



&I6$
@








MPH*R/@]&89&1CO7\^GAGXK_ +2?@_RX/#W[0_C36;6R4+3OB18:/XTA:.(
M!4M;R^^RZ!XEC9%54E%]KVHWX8-]KO[NXWW$GT+X1_;N^-VCW%M!X_\  /AG

7
O]&\'?




](R?4_F:
GU/YFL.TO(;I5FM[HSHXWA(KE)058!
ME

2K]U_:]?:I:IZ-66J?8TQT
M'T%(WW3_ )[TR)ALC&&!V*/G.YONC[S'EF]21DGGO39GP
9(]\X]#SS^5:.\
M?CM#17;::7S6Z3OJM'NM&@B^=V7Q)V:OLUHU?9V::NM':ZW09/J?S-&3ZG\S
M35Y ^@_E2T_35='W\_GN/;07)]3^9I&9MR\GIZG^Z**1OOI]/_910!9J($X?
MD\


M%=S!R%N5(3D E@01QCOU]:Y_5]7L-#L+O4-5OX[&TMX&FN7U#48[*&%0SM


M7]HYYA\7&M*C*$*E.M2RF@J68
M554ISIS22INU17NT[_TC_&O]NK]GOX(07

\$6N:

GO7^SP7






OP/C#XDXIX7+.$
XQS=2
Y0 #%OH(F4CKY%QJ4$MU
M9(




MVOVE[?/

S'U/3_!_PF\



M+^WTVRMX^


M9(FT^+6VOM2\Q':-H_L7ACP]K[Q2*RE3%=0B56!60%@3716PU+4;=))M \-Q








WAG6_B#H=PP



&6WB



M2JN1_&1RW^UG&06ZGGOS7V%;_L6_ #XC6T^J_!KXL2:==1;E5/!OB*'6-+MW

#QM14IN%+(:5

9
M06?-9737.E.

M .U6-U36/
ZW'A+7=:\(3&Y:YSX=U&[TL7MRS[V-[I%A-;V&K0NY+'[?%-



;%&&^


MMA-QI*3;XU_(]%1?FC4*


'A45/VE7]Y*U.CRR@E.<DHWC*
M7(]8W/WLL_$&H1Q$ZC8WI6-VW7VE%+RP:W4X4W!N%CNK:?;@RHD
;Q2-C9&
M5V#=M-9L=07=9W


M_

MK^2W=0T2VFHZ;(EI;H8V!C.K137*J +N1IA(6Z*R\2V\C0VEZLVEZC(H5K#4


U



O5_K_4U2L%9(PC
SLB



6XMK1N+;3MI=.VA&W4_4_SI*'_ -8/Q_D*4]3]3_.F


MJ4RQ+=.3QUX'.1CT'X=


M5FFAMGD*@2LJJBDL2


L\/EE% K\E\0?&/A+@++JD:N80QF8




RW%G8N\$ODR#



MD

A@.'IQYO993B:-7&.E)*4/:?5Y14:OLY0]
MI&2O&I[2+2
M]N)+@'8?
DPRQ1%Q]P'8HX4!0!7TK\


\4TWS.$FXQ:2
RA


MJ9TF%MXCMA M=9::E\7?%MQ'9Z-X9M? &B74I6_P#$-S_:.O7L[GY;:'0/
M#TEC!;R9;:T;:Q=74391]&B93 OZ+?!3]@J3388SJFF6G@O3)!%

ML7:K?ZFJ*H78UQ=I)+$N =T$;+$A!15J!7ZQX:?0S\4/$_%T,ZXIPF.RGN


;^+/B

O)(SN[[F=F))/0S
MZMI]HR6RRI(T1VI:V-NMU.Y7CJ%\FW;CE(RJH?E0@ &OG;XOMK2R+X5\?$
BVT43?.Q^U:K/J$QCG*S1(F]<
$4';7F(^!
VIQ*/




MV*G%**]CEN'HT91Y;)14L2I1?+;E4I*]HIM*5SDY/C1\!=@:R\7:?XYD0 21










M@C ^8GN&Z@YYSZXQ;9LK@A@.GR9';IQTXZ=?P%?TQ@L)A

M][EDVXWY6[IMRJ  

M
3^
M7V


; QCV:XCC=3M.-V6D0Y 8DY.5Z-



MIUJE&I3MAY02A)S52*NG*



MX7 8N=ZGFL.X^#^LZ+;P-X+^
OQ4\

U&X#L@@U&[^)NG

M.//[SCRN3YG
U4
+-GCBVS







M]ZI\
OB-X7D:?P'XNN?&%M$%DC\&_%6UU]6.&0_O-&^).B2Z3X^MIF1$1;


M)+F.*5V4?)VI^'M;\/R^5KFE7FBW
3MT?B R6TDLD;%)(K-;#;979#@A)#\
MLG#A
M'=&4*6*G[6C&4:59JK2JM_U-PGXB\'\:8-PP.;4Z^/E=SRRO.G3Q%.H]94DY

I1@&0


M[Q*K




A[6_D=GF154B*V5RH4;57D9Z'
M2M;MM3BV6AE:=3^^ANO]&F@7.2&B8@R-'RI(&P. :_L:.(H\T*//%UIQ3C
@^@_E4%3KT'T'\J  =/Q;^9J

MS\%_I452G[GX+_2@!R]!]!_*H6ZGZG^=3+T'T'\JA;J?J?YT )4Z]!]!_*H*

8N8WB$B@8VL Y/8CU. :^)_V9?V


VOF=6P6,S'&8+ 8'U\7C
SKQ




M+G%(]!^(?Q.\6^-_$%]XL^(?B'6_%'B6^EN$&HZW?W.L:P)I)G8Z9LN9[E[*




M+I0A2P&7933HT

MY=-=X'.VUGN6N+O8J&2ZF?

MA:1R1P!8S8:3IQ5(X8T10EO+BHL80Q;4 %?JS\)OV=_A_\ FS(TC29-0U9

^F






;8E+JJA5\WR0(G)0;
M3L#(



3^)6U#Q'=VD9&8

5UN%)I)4XI))7LKV2










KPU3)/#NMP[P[PU@\-A9PQ$L-CL!@J%:K6JRBZ-14%S1E





H8N*6%I4J;Q/-.G63J:23E

?AJBGB:N
M/S2G0O0Q.%=/#TI8FGS4*BIM2_H/^O[5OP6_:&C\8+\+?%\7B0^9XD\52P
M6VOV0TA=4BUFXM[Z&:ZT;3FO4F@T^62V7R(7V0B22.VF*(9/@W^U=\&?VA9?



MOAS\9/\ @G5#X$U[0+B\&J?M _LZW_@SQMJ^K?:1+X;\6:KKUCJ'BSPIX;M_



MB;#8:AXIQRK
_!'#XO/




M6V4B0LZHL


M4JS1AB#CA@S



IZ%/







N9+:5=$T+49HV21X;69S!%U5C\9_$7A8BW^-G@ZY\-16M
MVUDOCOPQ:ZEX@\&7DGFF%)[B^M4N-;\*S76TR:A9:AHL=C9.[03:_=B)[B3W
M





T=U!

M24(2?

8PC*HJJYW-QC&
M524;RYI2?*U=/\OG21!)!*'4@E)8W*G#I\I#A8V92"5)3CY3MQ3;*XN;[



MS)+YL)'EE4D
OEMT(W@DL5Z;\Y8_-GFO(/AG\5O/Q4TA+O2;NUDOFM84U'1
M)I46YT^5HD\ZW\LG_2(K=R\2L%\MPF5X(![![6]\/MYNCF6\L=]SI*10I]G



I5)T9
MT:L?9.-2G4G2E'FJ*
6E.G-*46XRY;Q;BTSO%P  




MN/3%0/-M48)!P

LX$LZA)Y229)
E@Y!1
8(C!&%

M$#LGACPE9S2R:5H;/*S?8(]':5K-]1MT*VESK26ZS7KPF=YB7S7F'QG^-GQ%
M^+WC*^\7^/M?U?Q/XUU&/-MT:/2+:9VFE2&S$DEIINE1[RD7V01RQVRJ@4
M!0H\(U/5+/0[J 7

MU5Y2\C-7^?/BEXQ9YQKF$L+E3Q.5\*PJ3IUZF(KTZBJ*G4J0]HI89PBE-1YX
MJ3NHR2;;39_LY]'WZ
7?@3E^&XLXRH8'.N.VH5IPQ-!UL%@(U*=*K*EEEO
M[6I1Q5)R=*I7DEI4ISG'EA*,5?O/WMK-K7BFY32]'MV\PZ:93''=
@QR7;

EI$'V291!P!7LGP:^!WC#]H*_M-1EM+_P (_!B.6*6YU )+IWB?


E-.$YU)PC*--PM)4Y13BMDNFB/-O GPY\'?#G0K;PA\


?

M!+






 C98-0-UX;L;H2'3K.&VV(OUUH]A86-E;6]A:6EK;6\4
=M':

MPX=5W

#L!V9!!'RX&W^[VQ5]%4Y
=B:^(Q;?UC$



=U?I/
%


M46WI!J-KOJTVKZ=^Y[]X\^$/PJ^+
VA77Q(^&_@;QT^A?:IM$?Q5X=TCQ!/H


+




-!N+JSNI-#


M7'V9)O
2 W$WE*IE?/K(6-V#

M90#@\$!L9&?J

M7!-1YXNFW-*7O:GBOQ!^#?PA^*%WH$_Q'^%GP_\ &TFAG4VT2Z\4^&-#U]]'

M$/&VEZ3
ZU5H'_L

4EP82TL4#.5)


!N=



M^I_G7^C].

^76RMM96OO:RM^ E3KT'T'\J@



OE


NRUO0--URQO=.U'2K/5-/U%[6]M;JW@E0Q



M'^
\CS'(.(\MP.?8+

*JG
^2AB:E.48TZ7
X4XJ47&$(IZI
MLZ



1'7


? ^L6
M4



#F4(PIT73G2IJHH1A3C.5WS.4U&
F];RE)73
O:#J<VDZA!(N;BVEFB%WK#;:730LAF@ 4+Y$A:, 8VD
M<5^J_P #_P!HK0?B+9V.C:S/!IGBV*(^=I\DBQ1:B\:@2:A;2GA4N7W316BG
M=KB
K\O'Y%A5V*FU@@(81R_
ZMUS)G.91_&Q^8MDDYJU87%YIM]I^H:;.]I


IGBY4

\+5IX=YGAX5:?UO*JDZ%*=?Z
MU0C[TU3G*HOW

JF79UAJT)1JU84JCA.
*U.%6I&






M'%W'IVI1:G\4_$JR67@GP[)







HZM&G-35.<:$:D?=GTE[=S6<



MB2*-0*?[


SR2LQ_9/X-_![4?'FH6MMIMDGAWPM82PBXU6*U3[';PQ%4_L








MAS5%^[BIR6C3DH.ZW:YM[M








[




/W#/JD=S$0
@?2_B;\-=;TNY=GM9;;5_#3ZMH\NP
MF.22VOK=;E9K4N&



MW!R
-G.37K
%I#;1+$L81 H!2


H0B\35Y:-.

GNU\5U'=)1:]W5/WKCH\!5Q
MC[J\CC/'6G4U



MA_


_3_Z_
MUJ%5AR2G+FARMJSC)MV;2:LOM6NO743Y^=0C#G35^93@DO5/4M!5(7(!X'4


J1@KNV$(@*;_O!2
%=V


\#NDOE7%N6)@E 66 D&(QLH(

;*


)^339VN(WT[6]


+8?#/XO:<JZ8WB-HUW6



MB&M.NG&G!5_:TXPC:
()RC6O-QLE=W;BVN:\;RC\CA9(3;S6MX8+JVN4GM&*




MQ'-GS)]H7]Z8
MRD%!($(Z#'5^G:C.Q.F:G

M7C+3-.\(^*+]5\76B&VBGN)'\J\MH$$*L)I')GO) NZ60EI)'+2
S.Q)^MK[


M*YIA\71Q=##U
3A*3=2O@L56PV'K8C#UX4Y-4EAZ]:O0YYQC!^P;3M9'^=_$
MF08WA?-*V69I!T*D
16I4YRIU(4ZL*=:M3A5@I*ZA4C34XIOF2DE+57?1Q
6

B
M
.JL

MM

M!_*D/WE_X%_*E7H/H/Y4A^\O_ OY4 1-U/U/\Z2E;J?J?YTE !4Z]!]!_*H*
M7)]3^9H =


M&


MV2;/*OVN/VHO_[,OPPUCQ7K]]^NW
=Y8^$]!$B?;]2U27S8[*[ A)G:RBE








M(Q

+R/#5<KSJG4QE.6:T\@Q&:9

M$M&6V75[]994$5O9JL:6=O-$%47


MQ#0HXO
.*

A^8DDDUJPJ V!D
M8&0!U (X]O2OZ]HX6E3Q-;]YC8025=W2TA&


;#&
M1I4\/2EAL-2I4J=.DY1;5.G3IPBFX65U&
4VEJ[MW;9/;HJ
0%4'&&( !8X.

M 9MR98=S^:(X]Q8N[?*HSGU_+IC^?

MB;KE2HF!#* %.#R :^


MP24^
GAV76_@=\=+VZU--1MK35KG4+'4KJY@/FJ]GJGA63P_IT7F


M)GM_M\_B6VN?L4GANX



M4H\C1X&SS&=FVX^7?YC


ABBUK2YIWLKW6=#@CCBT_6T21EEDNKB-?/U


ESW)



MD



\?A^^LI+

M
16Q-2KE




MP#UKXM^

MW+D1Z:&3^?#P9IG[;7_!2_QOJVMS_$#4/!/PY\
ZQ
L\[7\-EX
\.W@NY]O
MI5AHPM+C6-4./+5[PS26[*#).TG)]'BGQ$RSA^KEV38253-.(\Y5-9/EF#A:
MKF-2I$H6J5(SIX.%3GC.
\4E&

WFBD8CM<V^[@GD%B,CGH:_ ?Q!_P1X\46NE7WB/P=^T'XH@^
M)%SYDFHZM?W,5[8ZK<3$RW5O=36VA?VU8F6X+^87UZN$W$2W%Q('D?YV^&?

+R;+Y


MI6X%S? YID&?5
OR?!U



M:Z?&LDINKS6I[RR$Q$?9K;5HF!5-/0I_/%X*3]LO_@IGX\UC5)/'&H>!OAE
MX=\06SVK?VHT'A/PQ+*6F^S0:9IHM9=6UW#*DYO#,]O

OX%X1R/$XS!9IG^?X;&5L)1S#!4'6J8&CAL#.E
M7Q.)E*



MO3=3VT


LD




MLYJC/V3J4G*C.E)_:X#P)X6XNP5:/A+XN4^+.+*648W/:G!&


Z;XIM+^UA\0P6MN]YX
MFU32!83PF^D
L


!@EE3H8FC



?*9UODBL=1+CS RG^=BU_P






26D+EF9R6)R2:][OGD

A$:2$QRY#2$@
M6K


T
MM5(RH]8#W*6IO(4N;J]B2V@
T





H^)_ /AY6SJA3Q7'/



PVZPLRNT\@MPC(2&4-<3PQW**00)PN)1APH!
MKGXOB-X2NIOLL'B/2IKDEAY2WMLS[NA!1+O;N'.0H !S@  OY3_  3JOQM_

FDR0


#'S


M/^*YIU\RSFN)_L=I;?N(X$BC







M
+UC=KAO#\



JT;4VJ;ZMIO7J]'?^O0[




(H]\MQ:ZA8VZWNJW!W7\DKN[MZ!IFI^!
M?C-X%N$^Q0ZWX<UZ_T34=)UF&.TDM+[S

_P '=3UR]N)+

MAN7O!F5989K.9X[[2KBT%K?QS%BKK=1!1M
+Y1T VHZE1@*!7ZIK87=A/:?!







FXKR7+L_X;Q5/-

PP

MS6S2&





MY


L1&
TFW*



-Q VCZ*\XW7=Y



VQ6)J5W5H99

MOAAX69O-:%M.M6?3;'73;B.+4[K2XHTN[V
F)Y$ Q]4Z3I46FVOEQS2W
DDC
MRR7#N\DKF5C([M(Q:1C(6)D9F+

M1:PL!\MI;G*6\*XCBB54C10%%=
N00 6N@!ZCG;R3ZD$$\_2O[JP/L\+@Z.
M%P[3GE2I0I*$E.-.E2I4X.=TDOW=.F[W2:LHZ(_@G'YIB


B@\C:N W/88X/2G(J[6.T9
MSUP








M4^








M;\4:



MQ[Q3B\DCFV:RA7E@J-++\=#&SIQPU9SQ*A*
:E.'(TH3Y7/W(._1P'XP\/XO



U&TN+RRL(IG5+
68[(\LP.



\58#'PJQKY-G684IT5/






%B9

MKE98YHUEDDGC+ABTA\W=YC
Q_GX\1_L









G[0W@[
MQ1\

%S#@W*<54P[4E+#Y//+?K&+DK2J2HN.%D


M' [\=37X[?\ !;E'7]F3P


<B<[!MN;^PM]QSQ=L

M^#698?(O%[@+.L7#!4




IB:DIU
35
MK5*]6




M#+8P221R*LL(
J#)_/


Z:VM
M+6*:5Q @7O\ $? 4

M+YQB1Q:81*6:OYZW\??\%L5DV#0?%+8.$\%_!E5RI;&TKI@RH).T X^8D?

M.\

M#%N4%+/

PG%7&'&?T



PQ(


T@

LT\./$/A[
?;X

%@HK TL%Q'3EF^)C@(Q6CB*:_?K!QK/
MWJTD?/N@?M3?MH?L,?'#PEX(_:*\9:EXQ\%3/IFH:WI&O:A+XI$WA.^EU#1F
MU;POXEN9[J]CU1;[37;3K1?+M[;3&2V@CCME6(?U :9:0RQ6MW,PFD8)-#*T
M2PWI+&)$294X5\

MYDDDI6MS)))2LDDN9)2LDDN:R2224Q1#U53]5!_F*BVJ0^0#AB!D X&X\#TZ
MIZA'23_ 'C_ .AFF,R9X%)0X4A69UR!A_


R0^



M\/206=Y# (XWL[B'%JJQQ1N/($&KWUX_P[\::G'8_%G1(;S4/AE\0KO38(;?

MBOX
BNKKPOK=^+SXH^$]-M%O9+^5(EMAX_TB.48M/$VAVG^@W6C6:+:^(K!&

Z

;.[%[*?
M#-S



MVZU5U:E*U-8:4812ASQ;1X?T@?#2EC\/'C3)L+%8S!ZYA@J
.:K2HKG;QE65
M**IN$DE4BK.;A546VXMGWR[R:'J
%Y%O_LC59&AO88B0EE.I.VY55.U!.WS
MX 9PV6)SSW%LP=
@^@_E4+=3]3_.@!*G7H


MKO(\VJ:I%


_EEE7&9@K!



M&&*$*(F
&V





MA7 B V  +BOKA8HU96C4(2N 
8903C82.0%'RE22#[U_JMX(9GXDYEP!P[F_
MBEDM+AWC+_A3R[


MS=WK.5%M%;@NJI&6^9W4?.P!





:4Y133=ZD=VG?R/PW





#D8&!C P..M3-72ARTZU)ZSCB


M


3IZJ_M'*3]QI



M4!?E4!0 J@$!0 

 8&.*T


9
V] Y))Z_3\JOV]?\ @H8_[*GB/PAX
M+^'_ (?T3QCXU\1F\U3Q#8ZKJETEKI.BVDT^TMUCLB\D6H7MW9W6K6\8VDI
MI5Q%L+:F?T8^*/C30?AMX








FQ61U?:%(%
()-;T]DN9%&&N?[8#
M-'<,N2D$\L+DJY!^T/V)OVF?B?\ L6_&.^_9?_:=N-;B\):E?I9:/J5[)=G2
MO6LVK?V;:7^EZC=RE+CP5J<4*^596[+:6;R0D(A7%?G7AUXG<41HX.IQ1A\
M)F_#'%E?-_J.;4\-3PN%R*&!Q^/P[^N7I^TJT)JA#V3P[C5ITG#FE[15&_Z&


M7@%@JE3%NM@

M'C
^%Y[36&U**TMH3H.H:LLL



BJBA.G6A





\NQ





&$9=B
'


+WDI)R
M;;46D9T$48 *0X5@ ;15VKC@!E);@$#CFDFTV8[WMHG.UUR=P8+*H211N!



M$=0




MI)_O'_T
T 1@ J
@'@=1FC:N
;5QZ8&/RQ2KT'T'\J6@#$U&TAEC8?9RS8=


M6!6-5(P@ X\9AI3G3Q4)0CBJ4;4IR4I045LI*_
]-[.V]NAVX7%NBG0JQ=3!


;J=S<L*GQ&\.+X-\2ZUKEY83ZA\)_

M:-

*


]

M;4!-J;M')
\C?+FD7#W$-Q8W8

N2LJ6S&(2
K9#9V;E+ X'2O\

M
BO5]=L'N;:%H




M5.OCG+B_AB-*GFN'K5*=:L\-A:=C1K6I/GY:E*@OC3YN:+N];_PIXO\U.!
MN**M&-&4


MTIK::4EI;224EITTDM.FW0_

]3]3_.I#



%0I3J8
MG


_
K_@JU^T[!\)?@^_P

MM:NX-%TO?:7_ (G9;V1D)M9?#GA*P

.XRJ0G1E

M4DB.V@A2&V\U#P)1$B!^
[P1U%?27[./@#_A-/'T.I7]N)])\)*M_?S/$LMO
M=WDX
EG!:JX:
SV[D+
5&X
0:^?;=#/=B%WD=IY6KAFEN)F)W*BC)(=L



M]105Y9=@G7D\12II8F2IR]G-71[_ (P^+'#G F$S3(H2K4

M.WMXXDX/P#I5G\1?&(\:Q6

_?A
_P 4O$#C/%Y_F..S

:G_ [E44]XI7Z71M+ATZT$E979S+
M^
F6Y?#37#?WII92TDDK9=W8LS$DUL*%'9=V.3QG..I]_0GO26R*JL-JY5B


MYW%+DA%IJ
(QC&+U:C&
8QB[W5XQC&+:WY?






M DI(V8)'R]B143
*]!027^C2Q:_*T4LM@FK6<$QMM(GMR\]A/%*5$CQD#2
 7/)_\/)_V
HU$
M

K#_A'W&&& 6#$G'.[BOG:O&'#.&GB(8S.\LPLL






H22^LMY8 DD@@'DD


ML E\# W$Y.




-1PF5UW-XFE5E5FU5JU)3;A5H?NE%IJ^
MB7[EDOTC
8^(<N)LOAG5?B'C&OF%;#X#+<!EN8TG


M4GQ1I4;*JGF



M_B!QAQOQ?XM8?QA\*^$..\JHTEP]_9-3%Y3BLP=?#Y1EF78+




VJZ=)I^J2QW


QXSQ&#XMROB-YQPM7R+*L+3S2GBZV%P]2E.G
MAJ]6KU+8?T94J=2E#]['V4H*47&T?J/%WQ8?$N1^&F3XSPVSK@3..'/$67








M4.G:AXAU.RCM;?Q1K;L&@L8M!TM[V)8ILR1W

M/ 5I)$UGX0\+Z!HT$EK!'9P%[7388IWAMH0D5JL\ZR2F&)416=N,DY\'_9I
M\;_L=^*[6[M/V8[CX9&032Q:CI7ATLM*U8Q3,]T;R]M+_O%@G+2,[Q$F
M;,C*KDUU?Q7_ &L/V??@-XEM_#GQ7^*-CX1UN]L8-=L]*U&+5YDO-)EU32[

KLKK

M)G&:9SP]PABLNDN+ZU7



MW6?^P0O!]CQW['[F/%_]5RIT.(,IKUH2E=..



GD]3W/K]*\Z\&_$'POXU\+:;XY\
^)-+UOP=K.G


Z]2
7%J47&:3C*+4E9-'BY9P[Q)G.+

HSC'




T
M

M8.WCIQ4F2.A(_&IAT'T%*=YJU_0#Q#XN^ +?Q[X8N--L91IGBC1]0MM9\'^(
M8/
BF\
^--/D2X\.:@)88Q=M:33M%%JJ6K-_Q+9+RWDS#*PK&^'7BBQ^+'@6

TJ[4E@
'3K+



MU8PV]P\.GZFB

PV
PF$Q^#J


M\O\ P+^5*O0?0?RJ%R?
')[]_84 9][(C;DSQDJW?D$COTY!X/;/J*_$+_@L

M$S8VQ9Y#




M6#'^K899$=-K!





M:W

FH
G]H32S-]+]$O@RIX@^

ME%*O2G56*CC.:-?$T*B_V:+P\E*

7*+U4O9-$L88]*L=#T738]




1

V2
UV: ;5(14R =J@*!D9Q@ =.E?ZQ4*





M/Z:T'P1TW[.-1TOQO:WVAS22W5SI/V8- (0UT/)VJRFOJS_AC']E&4;T_:K^


#.H4F*WA3(2&
+
MZ&O_  1!^+\D@?&?P L4R^;,C:1KQD&26;RW$IKN!V@/DJ0






T$4%I/X;\+:
;
M62WNP69@VAS[PQ



NSV'!.79

PI810C5I35)*G)RJ*
X\JH2IQA[ZD?G/@)GN
SK
MZ1;R^CX@XWB7*
UM_P2L\(RV\4DOQ\-K


M%@4_$37()(XE0!%









M





M[97*1EDBFMII#%=0J0(YD9-OR8/\_?[2G_!0SPA^T%\#_%?P=NOV;?B!86.J



+F.


JF QF55L#7IXQ*A-O#4GABN=\]G#F

M;*D\-1RV
_8XBABW4J.IS2I27+%'K_QH_P7GA&P^'/CC5)?B)X86/1_#NM



!/$,<=Q,P)D98WENS
M8PR,XLH)V@M_+1BI[J7^/S'/XY]E7!LO#S+<MX%X@EF%7!8R3J8S

2L55A

::7C8SB?@_A[PV? O$GBO@_&C/





GC2Q:EB
6U*WB?QA5A]*GA?@+V.999&EPK

M_!GQK\

\3Q:;-HDVC^'!:6?ANS\4:;

+H3S'$U<LH4\/B*T\1[6OB+.=.,:U:7+]?V7[&_[*+QQ
MLW[4/P'A+*A,'_L?V<%\DLHS$1?6 OU$9)3%Z!= KBYQ

M7OH/ WQR^%OBUK0VQO(] ^#?[.NO-IB75\UFLUW#H]E#.L=P='OFLTF;S&$T


MC5H2P\L+AY86I*$


M1\66@O;OPSXNM1I']C3VEAK+'3M

/W
M\_:
*-*N!X@U.Y-LR.MY<R2=3YID8R



_%KA:CX81

MI)S3;?
GY/\ %7]A#]CSXA/!IWPJ^-/PH\.ZY);ZKI?A;PMI_B#PO'+-KNI:




%G=.CC$JL
M7@

MT
T_*@G+'K_M#'MQ3!T?K]X^O]X]?_KT:=7;U_X?YBO+I%OYH8O0?0?RI:\]

9=0\J67

















_4']C?XI?VEHU_P##


#SD_[$?05\97X

VZBJT923]








0U34/$GF:$MQ&HFGT6WCL69K5%C


J$:&:^(.!S/BW-I.G*G7C6R^52IEN'GS)3]_#K
M#\J3Y7S^\FVSL1&Z*D;3/

T0F61F.79R[

$?A'1FM

MFXJQ/$_&WMZ

MXTV1J$C 1-HHHA% PJ@850   *O4Q -JG@E03M  Y';';TI]?T5&/+%1W
MY4HW[\J4;_/EN?G$OBET]YZ=M621]_P_K2KU?Z_U-)'W_#^M*O5_K_4TQ$;=
M3]3_ #I*5NI^I_G24 %*OW'^O_LQI*5?N/\ 7_V8T .BZ?@O\C36ZGZG^=.B
MZ?@O\C36ZGZG^= 4444 %21]_P_K4=21]_P_K0 V5U ((!^OM]?U/3ZUEW3
M_NF




M'W?R!Z=C4$@W!?
4 JZ2!L -YD:A$EW=?



M

':!@U%K




M9?B
R_

-4 6.-% XHH !P
  8(X(''K7E\.
M\

MQ!XC\4YSQCQ'C*53/
ZJX&.*J4:



ML


M



XD_5K]C

M*E1S:$53CBH24;*

@/.)-GS_CNSS5U_NG\/YB



=E@DNV :00;7EC<[<[AFO'S;%
Z@%5K\K_&OQP\=?\$W_ (L7<?Q TW5==_8S\8ZY
M!+H6LV%L;N;X/ZGJ5TT;Z=((9)GD\.QRS1QBV#^1!#$I89&:^A__P :_@%^

Y[.UU3Q3I+_:-!O+FWBU6.^$*/INO^&M2D=8(]1TV3$T9C=+B2
M0%ER&9&_%?\ :F^*/Q]_8&T&]_9I_:]\/S_M%_L3^




YI8:G)R@GRRY912BT^5II]59W\[^A\-







IOE2O&-:






.(N\;B%0PP
M\L11J8JIC1E6DG*:A[647%\SFU=V=K*]E?CM+O&N[#3KIV:.Z4@3.1);7T




M*DD



M4C P:B;J?J?YTU

MO0?0?RH&0MU/U/\ .DI6ZGZG^=)0!5G/EHS X(!.02

M^*L'P8^ /Q*\?RR0_:M*\-WEOI$5PP*WFL7]NQTZU56.6\^XD:W51G(3@8''
MT7=0R+N+3/\ .+@*A=BI$DI91G'[M N/N  #'2OPL_X+8?&%/#_P //A[\
M)M-G9M3U[4YO&VJVRWDB(;/08K?1?#\-_ KA);&\UG4IKX0S*T1;2+V4*71W

M:=&]'&\787$8RI*
SOI969KRVU







M+;3_ (



*1K'90QVZ!$51B$$Y 4 9:3=*2.LC

M_G2CD#// I:DUUBOE_PXQ(OF/IDX'8#L .@ '0?R J81*.1@'U@5''DLPR
M1SZGWIDKRK*2S*L 0DMG:5('?^?7I^5!
KKX8N3WY5OKTU^7WDLRC:. ?? ]


HSUV
ML


MECMI[6T7!*J7GQAU.

/)&
MR09 %Q& %DV''F XXK!XB;5KV;5[QULVOT/6H\,YG.I&E6A#MI7E5?-&+L
N#T.<^M<GJ'Q*\!


M0V\=N%#SL]N2'E

)


B[(YD
F=CJ
%9%PPP*
M7]JTMW3FV]7K'?KT]3*KX24J;?[[$-)NUN;S2W?16\OP/W'B\:^&IQ$(-?TB
M4
BE2FH6C(ZLHVL/WA)4Y!4G)Q@X'-;
.IVUR 8+J.=6 *_9[FRFRK %2JER
M0

CT_GCU;0/&6D1)J&E:K

# QBM/[8P_\ )+_P

M

&H)]HAOK




_G2YSSZ\_G13*6J3[I/[]?U
M)@ 0



MCW&


I?L[_P#!3+]GO4_!B:Q:


MFAA8M#(I5' R.17Q6*H5
LQ%/^S9K$9!.
7B:$+^T@Y).=.4Y7IWBVX-V7O0
M;5K(_#

M5G%6^6_VS/V.?B?_ 




HW
MC'E3LXZ?W'_MPZY8^/\ X@?$R6Y@2\U#X?22ZC9:/9N+ZZU+PKH7AV$WEM;9



3[:^


M8VM]JNL7HU&UOEC@^U2VEOI-[8NJW 7SO)G6*(/'OV

MYHUV4^RL=)LYX[5FB4PM+:K([B5CF.U\^58R&0Q+E%& /\^F#]JS1?A1XD
MT::VA@\67?A[PK+H_A[2I;^:-[G4MP:'4;Z\9B8!;Q;O.B+#[8C2(V]9&!P_


/7Q#Q2E&#A4I15-WFKR]K&5[7^QKIHT?I? 7B7
M@^$(XZO2PD


M.7P1JJ^.T\1?$'QCJT


ML+


ST[48WQ]IFTED\/7;2VX)$+




L2NH$#DY*[#@

ZH3P&:X

M=%$9E1S)@J 3(Q8@@CY1W/;)Z@5_&+_P5E^

MM(9H[R3PSI=THL%4L5




MDNJZ'\
/26YEE^(7Q-L/$6J(4W(?#?@N[TK4+E9U(*R6MYJ1M=#FBD!CEM+
MR2T=6AD:,_U0:K9GP?\ #1-(LE+7.F^&8-TB-2%$]]+:VVAZ?:E01G[1?W4


)?5ZG-[&
M*]Q/ELI)K36Y_B[]


MKM(268M71'DD^M?ZO*II4T[J4$WNU!*;\VH)OU/XT:46XQNXQ;C%O=QBW
M&+?FXJ+?FV%%%%,1)'W_  _K2KU?Z_U-)'W_  _K2KU?Z_U- $;=3]3_ #I*
M5NI^I_G24 %*OW'^O_LQI*5?N/\ 7_V8T .BZ?@O\C36ZGZG^=.BZ?@O\C36
MZGZG^= 4444 %21]_P_K4=+DCH2* )3]Y?^!?RJ.;[O^?450U#4;;3HO-N9


M9U*BIJ[3?I9?F;4*%2N[17+K:[N_GHCUR:[A@4&::.

M^*]-@F
$
\FH7)=@L5BKR-&02NR429B++T8 D9!Z=OB37_VE]..H#2K?2O$.


M;2:WKC*7BTI;:'J9]3N8[52/[Q


T.'2SKPEUJ_5







M9-*4I22U=M%)+MIV/VS+\?E6;PCES5#+G&
:4:^'@H-JG&--2ERJ
G*2@G)K


MBOB)O6-2G)QNGK%^\[NZ:;]3]M-0^/OP_P!(LOMW@PZ+J%U)&#;0QQVXN(V9

O
MZ9I6JJ0((W

M17H

MZ #  Z=


T#S

4=O#)*/


(G@:^TO
M=B2.:=I B@XVQ([
$50
YX&;Y?7A%2R[&U
MO:M7GRN5N=ZSLD[I<SERIZI66Z.?U#X-SQ2RB[M5@6)T<]NP2/S!_ 63 (!
M&

'KWKZZB^+7@;4[22VU)
M7TU'R3YT8FC4G!.%8$ #/&!TZ&N$OM8^'TEVXM?%6EO#(ID\NYMMRQ;SN;
:BC 9GSO()(YY
/R)VYF[-J]






6N:2YJ%.M!*TI*W[R][)6NG9VNM&CWVQUJQU!HQ974$VY58;;C(((



YZM7E9
MQ.,<.ZG).2C[MXVNW;O]ZWVW['Q_%N/HX3+E3S#5J]1RDZ[PTH.67X=\SIX
MBNFN:4)4W&7+3Y9*
GO]K\BOB9\3?B9\(/CM=^++-KWX
_%K1O$=Y?7%AI$V
MHZ%8ZG-'J4[ZAIJSV;V




M\6'1WU&6[:
V=MK%@LPE



QDD&'+9)KZMT7]J


MFVERZ2NDTGYIVTLSYIUC5=6+7$VIP7$LNHSN':4W;9.Q6A&'W$+K;(EZ1(



5[[
M\-OVY=6^&%NNB?!_X)^%?#MZUM$D-]K

M2^5!
7BB 0+CYX^&/[$OQT^(5CI&N7G@_7_#/A75[L16GB3Q39W.C6^J2/8Z
M;*&
M0:<81=6-%*B@M'/%)&0@!5689#''2OROCWQ'\//9)\5<0YCEV?U$JF$RC




ML4
I9



/@UXOT?XA

T702!@P/6M_HM

U?C;


;B

:M3#WA546



1B:5%NJK:*$)/WX_'

MF$W?#QA.



MM'



.59.@.ULC!'.W  ''U[?
%7=+R"2V= ##;Q);QJ5(RJ[0!NK@<@


M0









7W8*B4;MV[$A





M!E6P-Q! XYSCD#'3 KM8-5N2JJ8R5   ;)X &!R3SQSZ8[5QTWB&*$OY4/S%




C







CL//BD

MQF8DG);=DYZY))(/7/OR36_:V
T4$CRRK&CC.
XPISA3T& .
=.PHA6FI-U+


@
NP*-I&.PXKK/#_Q-O89!(6DMGSN
G.

S1P&;S!%%$7

MTT2M?;2^Q]

MMRZ0J)OD:7?MQC/S 8 (Q4U*BIJ]G+TT_
SE/DINI43A%-[[O?56[]#YE^*?

QW(M8)IK_P 
^)Q Q:6S\6:.]P;2YMM4:
^7

T/PR^+'Q2^-?


M5@EU..YL(YEF988_/MFS$6#)BO#Q.:99[&=*I7BVW*ZOHFI----WNM4VDM5I
MH?E^;Y_EU*OF$L'B*2Q=2+AFT\RK1Q.'Q6%CS0=&A2IOFH34%[.
I^ZE%)K3



\'E3Q_P!=RY/#ISE/EJ24




Q41W &(%Y IMK@#@ #I

L2F1R?-C4A&(Y)4\YKQ\5DV!
MHU8UE4A**2?)%2YDM-+OW;K9^:;['(L)1Q5=3K3ARQT45%\RMLF]M+6;[KST

 !0!@#XZTCQ9/K

S1QE5\P 
2N[/4U]1?$#X&_%;5Q







M=2J EB^AP*+YMIG3#X'K_P  ?VV?@AX!U5YO W@71O%=W-87=IIMO?\ AFZO
M(1-;M:W\.L:=+;0B
3VC#[-8:A:QPO';L%M_)B81C@JXRO-M37LDFTI3U4E=
MKF2CK:2LUY22W/$GC
8J^%JXCDPL
.RK+^*SQ44HXOC:K2I8RG)I/FH8B=*M-%WO26DE3=-/
M5
_M?Z/G W!O'F)S.?%..\7


P8X?$CLP9OF!8G())KUC_ ()=^



MX@J5J$[W5*E@





M\:&ZGZG^=2JH55  4  8    & 
#ICT[5$W4_4_SK^K;\WO6:OK9[J^MGYJ]





FG&7+[O-'RER\R\




BE.6(]E[:
+O

+C





!'#$


ME\



M

M5

6C:



X.0#GGZ5I[O\\?Q
'GF



M[5SU[^U;IJ.1I/A+=(&/D2^3&JE
_NVDPH^8K@MGOGOUW5? V5\13O97TZV5
EP(2IN=5N[6$LHXWRHS!8V(^9T7H<J  !7
M :G^T[\1=3C:*SLM.TR$DA)HX$
J1_P99 &W*N 3GKGO7F^J^.O'WBA)(+_7
MKJX@E9F:&.$JAWDDC+

M:-O]7^*\:DL5*E1BTK.;GMTVEV:WVU/H'_A%])TA#-X_^)'AO18E7!TO3HUO
3




-\0OAQ^W=^Q

M6 20@*Q_O0^(7QS_ .@7P\U..:V_9A\_$+PW'=M)=W/A3QSJ#ZG%:10MNG




-*L8Q;PA&

PEE55R'(.6&01D&OEOP[

MP7

2 

S'^SP+:3&]5*H@C(^4=*Z#X=Z
M7\(/&$ITWQ$?%7P_O7O()CXGBLI=1\/1S UFMM4AF!EMH!=$M+*BA-P+'G&

M[2O[

@
BV5S +U]623)E'[R0(+@D2%6 9







M[/3;6:$64MS';O%ND1IX944O&WFS!0RR





S.C1G5

C^K](]]JXP 9;68L



MXXY;YCG&

BHTU2H

[42<F_B2



\)^+?CAEGC/B^*LY
MRVO@\3P]CL=P[3BJF7X[
.'




M_:/L


M%201N')KXF\=?##Q%I\32)9N(HRRB2
V\T

VY
C1L



KMM;:/E7Y2.%&T= 
8KX7UO4=4TSS+K1;^

MU@W5]\

M[5R%]XC\1V\K&VUW48F9V)1+NZ0AB22IVRC..F3R2
\FOHMO#?AG5&5-/\0:


\D$$UK1?#K4(_E?[+



M

M?F)ZDAMW.3D@Y]S6ROB/Q9J$&QO%&M3-YFTIF6

M/ MXH7=]F*X&%:ZMFP
# P6.
#L



'''H
5MPOX40*5NKNZ   6!'BX

]ZT^JQ[O[_P#@&53-JD%?V
$M6HJ
?=7\NUO=7N_]NG(6.AW#



S*XC

M?-5MM4\3W$1\VY^S1$93[)90IA/ER !W 7 #

MLS-+




M0#C&

MGW]\%;:86S7


%7#
1





&)#$G/TPH?B=X2D=XEU%-R

]Q6E;^-O#4\

F@ZGX.^$?
VG



MG8971O


NK/5X)






A)*);03





V509(8L+N2
#ZG#9UBZJC[7+*5

MWUWN?IE\3_A[X1\3_%/P)=Z[\ /$6DV&L:-XF2#2O#UU9Z'XBO/$VF77A6]T


@



REJ%6I[





MOPS/-9:CI;R%CN:3&DZN9=Y.2_FGYG+$[SRV3S7^17A%4AE/B7P:H\RG2S:5
M-2A)0BE2Q
Z:LI:I6@N5/5+E3U1_HUPE6E#.LIA6Y9+$+%83$0M9U8XK*LRR
MN*5[KEC4QU.JU+_EW2G&-IR@S^IWX:Z[;^*OA]X-\266T6OB#PSX?UJU* !1






ZE248M[-QC*


M_8016\/?%FX*J5/CNSMGRH.Y8//A9HT;@Y6.6661%/O)(Z@
[$_FOB/IP[

E\;N:^T_





M\6_$KPYH6I-KEK.XOH[J=XAD^6XC:2.&XZ[XT**CYK@ 5^('Q@_:Z^.'Q;
MEDT[3?%^E^&+&Y\PV^EZ']KE^S^8S
D+ZA(R-+#(UFE;
BJ'?EC7P9XQ\&

MFDVE:4%HFU^*1]QEO .

?_!4W





&ZU^89CF-?
L



MX6LU2ZT/2II[@J&D\]IIP9
;F/EE65 6/W0
+G'&*[OPKXT\6:Y9)HF@:5-I

M]VWW



K33YFGU

OCYQ&K

MUFGRV5W=-]+']$OQJL#/97EN;=GVO)#(&4-N$+%%#C!#!0
#L
?+Q7YN^.M$
MM8//$D1W%7PHRG7Y5!' '10 ,8&*_6_Q?86'B_P_::YHLT%_I.K0]L]1LK
M@2P7D4T8GBG@D@0W

M3A&

$LH4_( Q4



Z\@MP5''L
]!VX.!Z5QN+N]'N^C[L]W#UW=^_#
M[O-G KI-J\9+1QMZ%HT)  Z D'&.G'Z5RM_H7G3';).%#

M& H&   !BO2I+-E&%^4=...!WX]^GK[]*RIK:0$D
XP3@Y(('KQT]!CK[]*Y







M

<]CIMBL9 ='/
M3(ZKZ\#H%_#'\J7O?RO[_P#@'-4QJIKX8M=+66GS1D:1H5E$55(=AJ#M14.

M0N2JJ

_CWZU?LU7='\J_ZM.P]/
MI6^J)M8[%R#P=HR/F/0XS6G(^Z_$Y.=+2STTZ=-/T

'C







O

H%(QG'&./J
&N




MR.


6P 




4DHV?.VE%*-F[V;5DKK1V=NA\'F7#?

MG3+RPT[Q4WAV7Q586+7
 A@NI-






MFP
8I=A:/*D&O$;4Z#KCVECJLFI6T

-RCC@@U

M
$*^(HK2Z*1PQZE-*SQ *WWF%?PU_MW_ /!'KQ+^P=+\1?%WC&YUW6?@YH\6




86

7
M


MVU#QI8V.HSO/:Z=I-O#=M#J%SIUHT



M;)::+XKB

(X)83-$58AA




MT)K\0OVJK5M8\


MT9L![:CQ!RV4?[.PNC)IOE6&QOUQMVW4X)))6:G:3]S0PO]^FI^'/#^JAM

MB&(+'DKP?;SC]H




Y']YDAB1FZE8HU)PB@
M?F;_ 
$D=0FO_P!D/2;64H4TGQEXMTU O5(YKO2=4ME_V=C7US* H&V6XFD'
MS2
3^F.G


MOK]^OZGYN]&UV;7W-_Y&.RJ96) )_P!(YP





IMU*.):BY1A

'/!=KXTUGQ?KFG:#HFFSZ5K6H:AJ^
MH6VFZ5;V5CH^MV;N\DSK/<W'G7=A(\$2N?.MK=E&^$IX-\<_P#@M7^S3\#W


J9
M^Q_Q\_X+L_M-?$JQBTSP#H'A'X+:?N,L[6=S)XNU;5 [%AY=_,BI&KJPV+9
M'M(P
8KYFC_X*[_MX6VEII=A\;;KPTB?OHY(/#W@I[B[BF 








M126'A&2WD$J8;= \D+@AHV=???A=_P7N_;3\+:A:2^+O\ A!/B;X:BD1[V

MW%]H&I1#2;NUM4+W5M+;?+;WDH&^80+C*2
0K#. 16+I3ZA=S(/[$UNY%PJO




M4R!@


MU' KPVLK


8KXT\8










MCW8&Y0/E'.






OP#\&J\_B#XG65]+DE]-\.P?;YY7R=Z^?(

M


MPLCUVW:WU;2[#5](N[.ZD^V7.?#NNW&AZ:DCLS_9FN=/M(G:)2J(O[M0$&*T



29]*U?PYX7\265PY9B8U_M77-:@C1&V1&T*(%$8
MKZT\=.UC+*1%&@5&4-555 ) ;0
*N
+CH!Q7])9#5A6R#!RUG[2G1H4YMI

1G!+D848QN)& !T]
=!]






8CD[J#*


M_P!9%]./IT^GOSCJ

M[3F+*6&3@=1TXSCGL



U
MHQZIYN $DSW(+8/OU/7D_EDU'(OYU]S_ 
R%1KM)JUFDU\6S2:Z^9WUNT0QA

Z(D9 4*



[OWE

M!Z\8KW_QA;WS?!SQ

KPR/&P)P\;
KY5F


K
5./X


MBW&SC&R46XV7N[+ELO)(


M2?YU\QKXZD@9%MKN:.10JNI
A4


ML!AHQC=+VD7)R2NE*\=+R5G\WZGN

W&XGC:'P




ZB0^K_/UYK@_'VA?7XR?#3XB_!GXL:!
M_P );\,?BEX:U_PIXNT6\N'$.JZ;JKR0,8+TB2XT77[?4'6\TTV6Q=12..2Z
M9L$CRF'Q!++T
MQ+(S9^](Y'3G:K

M



M^'HM%O/$NI2V5]/:V^G;H7@A:X(BU07
BA2\D160VZ
 H/ECY1BOM
PXPK82

'BJ.


MZ1\

G9*#@W*7NK

M?XE_:A\



'



GZ0%%TO











5_4K\
M3/@II4D


MH)V$@:62**1B.3@Y&X+C^'H

 FW.4




YP3PN$S3

.



MG



M2/@

D]2
MNBZK


!2R
M8



MIRT5U&

M.XNII$=F8EB8I)F0;B2=N

1L



M



^HI.C44;4VM%NX]EV1G)%=12KNFFXXYE?C';EN.HQ^/
MM6BC7VT$2S8
QP1(_(W$+_%TQCCIU'M5V-;:4X8.7'#')Z]&QW SZ=N:OPPD

Q(SM
CDCOZ]1G'L

M2&;:3W('( .
@=NE=IIUM=
V[YCGW)ZCZGZ^_2F:=8C;&54#Y$/( ;[HX/')


;NU24OAY9*


!0 ?!P6;K'9AB




0 *OW4YP.H'MSSGD\5M?M17LFG?#7P7I



MS]FO[
R _-NC:W;=D@Y*J

#771PC&+:Z-\U]6K-^;9M


M=

M?#)QT;@VK)H]5?P'++O$-RD2RDO')-J


MF4R7(N%8

ZGXR\+/





M%?)JM;*L+B

M


MOM#/(\F=[L3Y%\(O@OK7QK^-UAXA\;?!%=*T?Q)J(_L/1_#=DMH/#IOOM%SH


BWEUH

&_


GZOX5\4S$7
M4&MQG4+'^T=,DD2WT60UT_9%;PJOZB^#/VCH/AAXYUKX(^#=(.M?$#0/#%Z
M]W_9B7-]H*:Y/!;MX?T:WU)59+:YB@P)\



F\5Z=]G\J+37GM9;AM)GC3^U(I%GBBN;S3]ZVOGPIYBE
MHE(^ZO@!\.X[;P#X%^.6D?%&W\'S^


52IA\QQ='#*2<+3C5G3]E]8<I2U5I(^[OVMO$7C.Q_



M1Q6)JQW,%6PL0%9L_,00,DDY;DDD\_P#^T'XFPO$?BWP1E^JRQ



Z
X8F%3]].K*3I-*+/5\!.'\5@O#['U9QAAJN9
M\78JM?V=2$/JV6TH8F--0?+4BIT7&G2B]*?N^TM:2/+?V=0(O@E\
G8 ^;H-


MZ6Y^*_BV=SGYC(=+\
J&SW
:?NT)Y5 %!@OU/T8;KW7Y 
!]4:W&





ZX)W*
\;GX_%J_
K_@K!IJ7W['GB


#Q'DRJ*]G..89K2




EDUQY8E$

MK6J6%S(03=6^G)#(7CB55G^.WPJTOQ;;2J8([C[$AOK*XDACEDGG7YXQYK*S


GAUQG+'9;0R3%QG3SC/
14P/%5.K*
?JN#=247B*]*3E-

-B54E&KA%#V
8QB



($   RH&
  8KUW5





X8B1L;L$



M\W




M
\Y;G]<YSQ1D63<*9AQ!FV+


L/FG:7-XDOK9[V\\6ZM=2S



MX@M93^\VK(4A(&3C)X[=3USVS7PMXR^$L5H7


M[]Z_I;%T






@D8..H-=CINHWMP5_=I&A (( 4[3RN[IR1U


M_AWQ%HZPN

M)LHS22$@[FS_ %F?$N -'*2H;

MS2U6OQ+9:]G8_*N.J


#!K:L98YH$F@D
D


M&QDX.23DCUKE+7[J'N54D]R=IY^OO7363O\ +\@/RCYB


MUE?V=F[&F$H83'9G@L-6?MOK



1W$-UBY\R
J08;@RAQ.!]U_
W!SDG.:_FO

MLY)M23?VV;9U@LNBL/EF$PF)I4$J%6K&$$E.C^YGS*47)OGHROYWZW/$OA[X

-D



MM:KR^

Q()SU/3\SQS_ /6J_$=S$GD'


UHT?!1^&/Q+W8_&TY_#'XVM'/^=K1RYFM&

]1]


M(&..


4VK2;DK)2T24M/*W8]-9Q522EAJCDDE)WAK):2?P]6F_






M=J.K333:T;3:T:

M


J%!DCRJJ.Q/ QG]/0

M_.YFQV(#(NT;0JC! / &!GU/?I[^]=#INFB2=0J* 
*N1CIT&?3CVJ[%:1

*XZ;B#N(ZYR3D
MU^EY!DM*%6$)UZU1SC&7NRMR\T8NSO?57L[:76FECX+-



M_P!G.?P#X-\)W'B37_C5I&N:'?VT$K136GPZM)-'L/&P9T(==0U*T\0V6D:3
M(26 U4E




\10R7*X8+EH5L/*N

M.WEV]TD

TL#!FW5^2]S9^#G^.OA:^\
M
R#1-!N-1-_)/JT4EA'!;V4DC7JK

#@@']
OA1X3MOB/\6K




.D:-JOCJ7P]=EM:TVRLT\4:U:6Z0


I;


M%XEMM7^TS:K=ZUIEU:#4H[4K#'*6HJ*@7]*OV5OA3X0_:!^&G@?PUXIU3QG
MHMU\O%5WHNN?#R[U[4_#%O8:EO


M?F.:_P R?I+5'F_BWEV8X)RJ8G

*J0S3
J]3V$7!SJ8C#/!R3YFTY.M2G5




%B1UK\S/VD+Y;SXM^);

ARMM*^#X?S15




M0$&2

#%?\ 1]P/36'X0R*C&#C[
M++
MJS3M[[J99E]1\MK6]Z;?O=S_ !_\5L7_ &IXF^(.-3O];XPXHQ=-MW5.
ME+
JF!A!M:.7_5[1RC[KC5@DKQF3)]U?]T?R%65Z#Z#^55QC QTP,?2K]!







^69LJMQ%Q;@


M?&/)\3X=^(F!XAP-54


M#J0:DZP:]HC-IFKK*Q+*+)?LR7)+$MFX:
N6/+EB22:^1OC?XV2TL[B1YBKO



9U-;R:3EMK\7,]3^],KSU8
M+E5%J+BHKEC**<;)+E?1N/+RNW5/R/#-&^'&J?$KQQX6\'Z'$\VJ^(-<TW1-
M/-M#YKQIJ-\=0G502$L+D7
URQ^YI+6\+'R$51_1Q\.?V3O '[

/A_

MOPY_P2M^%$?B#XP^

-_EJ,+YH :0J!
MO8DMNZU_+'TF^*,7AWB\CRO,%A\'@\1@L%B<'%S]O7ABJ5)U,53E2A&A2<I


VZE%6







M .FWH 






'@



MGCAFDB1RP7='&
#/EQ_='Y53\0L'B


H3HUZ:7)3YJ2C-R;Y(7LXOEWOTU.DTZ;9-:7$
8YS+(6_K]U'5X?%7P_P##/BFW(:+Q
M%X:T77('X8M!JVF6U_&0QY8%+@<YY]^M?Q]6S@/O4G,<EK*7SAF56#Q[FZG:
M26'/!.1@U_5#^S-XG3QS^R9\)===@_\ 9_AJ#PX44[BT/@V[_P$:?=USQ8J


?
^,]S[]SWKR_583\X[;FQV[G\/P[#WKUK648ASR,EC@$@+DDXXZ 9. /
MTP:\UU11M;(!.YLDCG.6KSC]!PM1:*ST5NG9'%NH\ML@$C(R0,\&L5W60

M




$$SHB7$K!TND(&T0H2=KNO( &1G%='I&O:

\.XK:S^8MVRJ2%E*GD1$ 
!]T#IP!7S;X9N+2]\)^&;?Q'-J5

S%KA$158-)NXRW4FNZ%U?CXTZ-+/;?9#/X6O%

M;D[6?O)[)

NC.OB
7EF68_/


G-T?O19;YDMXWQAL(


[!9?-
M@CD5;@



(SCQ<\:

MP.-PU.2HU*
EB:U6LW.=9QC1=*E-N+@[R:C[KV/V7/\ AO+/#;@K-H9G4I8?
M-



F< C';GC-=IJ

M$ZD8RG&
OX51_$HRZ+^\6-




1_'3OBG#X<@/Q9U7PGJ_B/S)&:3P9I.J6F



]H?GW%E:E2P<X<ZIU))R4'K)WN]+6WO^)_(=
M_P %N_\ @H3K7PY_;(N/A5;^&VU'P5\.O!/A?PKK.LV]XTDUIK.LK-XJ\630
7$HA *%K]/?^B7@K0_C3^T

L

MPM*4KP2IRTORL_J+@?AK*
3P7PBYT%5^L826%Q4*-H26-Q$:;P^
FY)KV=)U


MN%$4W?\ HA6XER7FFWR.26:N0T+Q)XF_9;^(5C?Z;:W.EZ5J=^#_ &=?ED%I



MX'-?[8Q.85

FU$2RQ0-K#N!I\^D7 875S:L



]-TG3[BXM?'%OXG?5=NDZ3;ZAI_BG3]3:+3.$\^WL=?2[


MFB96@99
!Q)&8XRLN1(&12#N K^!_I78CAK)^
\3F^-QV#PM:K4J5


M4Z2K0IT:=:#=5.4ZBK4ZBG.





IAL#@<




M:_6?_@MY\-63XMZ3XE$96V^('PLO=#
B*%#ZKX6OKC4$+$ %Y9+;4[*$LQ+&

M_





6B:
MMI

MW


VG?!3XOZRFR+5IOB/ICK=+B

(_M

L89

+6ZT+4]533
MM?TVP


1Q)BL/4Q/#N

IT;4

M5C
=@\QPV*52+C##4:5%JG9/VO-/E3CRM*-US)-7/G[XT^#+VRFN4T^U1+ F
M6;









7B+
MP'97J
LA@L%M'$84R#R8%C$;$?-A-N


]
DGG\Q7L'P_UR30=8M-28R)!;W4
NJKS(U[8360M[:U
M4)CS(4E*/=0MNC:0%G7=S7G]O;IL*)G]_'&[JQ+-$SJ&:
DG/R$E3CT_+I[

HQBG+#T\92A4ORIN*E.
MHZ:2=TM+:=M'N^$=2FOKCQ+;7
]XVLZ?XJ\0PW:2[9+CS1JUTN@/#)(3*+.7
M2UBDLEW;5MC&L8?*-ZY\16L'BJTT&TN8Y+N*SU6\UJ.W579M6RM5MX))8_




YIU/=3;^3R7..$UQ/B




M247R]8.VZ/SCQ+GALSP$
5E\HUL/1Q56O!QUYZ-6O4J4E%K1/V56EJ]-;VL?
M3_Q0LV




G#$G)Z]CU/\ .OBGQ9%O23/(9G(!^88))X'3C_\

?*#T[8' Z])802NQ^81N'/)P



MW!RQ=7CKQ=A0IX2JJV?9#6H*I2G/V.$I4L/]9PT]TYUY1J-2A:FN;WT]3Y/@

?



JR

T@=0B
I'S#SE
MERN-^?FSFM&/1M('B'3/$]QJM[;ZW;VXLCJ364:6+P7N/)W
 -K^=+F(G&)
M74J=S9YC3M075O%EK8SR%]

MU=]8ZYIML41IKF2#S)I)9X[?
)1&)C$FT;'5!C9G*J -F!7AN@2Z^GP]UJSO



M;

WP'

M:B5X;:2Z\5I?JK%$







6Y7Q/@L37F\'1ITJM&6'G4IUO:3Y$YRJSA4
\:<2UN*LLPF?8K%9M5Q




A]7?'3
M]MY:



P/%?FOK

MSQ4E*GA


ME@=N.



9TTS._SOGH/OP[U/4K[X(:/XAT+51!X9\(^(X/$<L<5W=9U34=$






^';7X9Z'H

7(:WU+[6/

Q=V^






Q)_&S6

MVJ*Y/7_B+\0_CGXE.E:])JMU-I\VEVGB32HVD?3Y8M)M4M8;ID#M
DD

M8DP@)*'K7Z8?LF_LN6NIZ%J_C30MB\5IX5\%W_ 
1+Z_M(?M]EX?DTJWUN
MYT^P:*.2VN-BQ6S39G;SGD+32$S

'4]IF$)8K&XOG=7#T*U*F\1A
MZ\I57!2F]8U(UDTKN+C)7DU[I_9.25L'POP_3GSQG2A)8?T8^[4HU:5%S_


M&LZ#;3

9\CU4ES'JX+!Y93GBLUQ.&


*?BU^U3^T5I_AWX%W
'Q

M







C='%M0



*M

PQ4.(\YKU\;B
M/XM.EBY3J04*G[V




L?$.CZG97]M');FTE@\

<Z5.<WWE.G3G)_.4I/YB5.O0?0?RJIUZ#Z#^5

#'& 



31\HRQP^+&T


J]W=0A7VD
YC7&2HQ_#CXE
OASXB:;J]G&@BU/2G9DE10K:AHE
MXFQ9 0 \DFD7]Q(V[+%-/BSE8(PO\#?26R*MEO&*S^+A+9OA*6&]C3A*,Z=
M2G

MCBOQT_84MX'^







8I$=&(/LWBC1[?QG+9




Z@FLGMX8F6PA:0F-9)



/%-OJ5NEY9RI:I9:Y:(EM#;J\?E(5.E7941A5#R

MN(
'@L*\11S'&X3&82



U8)J7C+


MI&40( H7 8;0


.0


!+.6XG+MINIM(VV/=(JN^47?C/R @*<\8
M&.!4-C8:<VB7OB!+BZF$-ZJW\4\CN\T+R$QE@Y8LBJ1Y:G*H.% Q6AIMM]M\
M,:WI1DC@:0Q30/)-C<\6RKDY +#Y@/7'-4=(GM4T/6]+U&[M+.:[$)@:9KF
M2.66$ %56VR2I8'  Z$=J_ ZM'&4\#Q!O&J\9E?$F#R.EAO95/:8U9G4O3Q
M^'DURQPU-:#J4ZBE6FDW3DKH^.PD\?AI5_JV

MT5U*VX6

';%-*@5VVP?!&=4G6IXJ&+C-5
M:JC5=9*#4:E1)J

70

9C)4(PP




9[XZ5=UGPA87EU'


K$D!6%W*%()X5CNR
MHXPPZX!K\GX7X7SO)^)N

*U'][-_NZGM%#F@Z



MN$I2G*5:+@E!4IP@USQDSJX9P-;+



=FF
M9




\0VC/;



M7?HZ


5OKV)]0L!*

@.TDD&MLQX;S3

M-IMBE-QQ
G73CRKVBE.


M1^*=+7S&;/S



MS7SI^R




QW$^3XVI6INE@

3DD\]
U



M

DNX[65EO
&\\NW=_+EDWDB60JW[Q\Y_






M_$2:/['=6_A'5!X.\



U;1=5N9=.AOI;'R+M+F(
M6:_

MM7M]$MI;=KA(YVMQ?7=N)(XW6:;RTF.%'AW&4
'B?JM6G.M.K6E#W*MXJ52I


M*ZM8I+1/LVMS:E#+JUU
TLC

MQ^*/B]'8V6NZG)8RV&F):Z1?Q7-K;PVD4D]O;W
]K#';F\2XN-T055NIHP&;





V

M_PV/\3OVCOBO\35T&\\


U3=2FIN[:6L(3D[+WM')[=UIL






M/S3#;7
#75R8KF)$E1I9'#AI7+?2P%#.,5O0S+$/&X:

/2J*-7V4%02HQ
MARQM)\KIV7?JV]3^K


M75K;KL-O)'9IOU&..$)L]\DD\T:[IB79L^._!_P /%GBS2O%P\.ZEK=KXR






M;BISG.24[M*:3U3.]5
-EV#PM?%^SP5&I)4:-*=E.$*:5.#E)6C+W(0ORZMW

MPEQ!\/\ 3+;P_ITT3$9:!]=75Y;0DE8Y;-9(L/$&'P1XMU
VFFZJQ628W46H

M/@





DEVC11M !




[\PPM'

M5L[N#Q'J
&1-:AE(E60%,#C:%((C'  P 

DO



M)I+3LD

OS


MKN^IY1XE\=_;P/:VYN_DSO=.&MKGQ5XEO[JVN)).=TMGI$'AQ8?
)#/;IJ



SV-_#=*&CN%B$PAD+;O,A(3AE\L#@5OV/P
MI@N%UB'7KC7-9M-?NXM1U!-5F:%+.3S#/8MHB2R/-IX!9?
6
I*JC;(2RFMC


MR(!MC7 4  5XOXI^ 6I:KK'B#5M




MO%/P^U?7=;A\4Z'_ 
(=J
CZ!-X

W*K._M*V(=^BDDE?HK].B[)(\C&8++W6



MZLEK9-;Z*RT[ UAW5A44%&



&,42Q,1T/EJ$
M/)0!2,;$%O!;2*L$,4(7@0QI&   

.X[#\/\\5U8)<DF
MWK=]/-M]?4^:SVIRT)56FTE9I6NVKWUV/=OB
/LOP:N$/_
2UG3;0YZ/';)#
M

 V<X


%Q+=)?22V^L7\



A#MK/37;VW\'QZ_K

MG^='?65WXD9$PR&ZUJ]EMIUQE95M7G

M(V)DD-YI&=PR #D9ST['M7TV4JOCL93JSE%48*
73:;FU%16LE[EVHJ^]V

MK'


'=9NM8U?QEJD&H?8K+1/#D6D'3(/[6




F6$0;%?K%_P39^%_[1/[;FDVOB[Q/\+]+\$_
M#[36U*6^^
^LQR0VUSJ



M4@XZK1+0_-
.Z_X-UOP1KZ5
_:$&%0*% &*YGQE\4)+_4IH8/,BMXWE4*DC*K!'8*S!2
MQP 2S?4'I6_ &8\*?1SX2P?B!XEY5AZW&6?^SAEV75Z^Q-?+J-2G3G0KXNE
M4C4YX.G4IOV=&$9QC[K]Y.WF\08O
N-

M+5*


[%BQ9E




;X8^-6(Q7$N0XC#9!GDJ^(J3P4?94I8JI4K5ZLYP5%4Z:A4J59

9AQ'PNH83
(U




MR02$I.Z;@?.*L[




MJ



M)'%=:#+;LS




K; C;L_YE

MI=1[BT
\$

# ^E?YPYQ'%


83G&I

D]:P_^



M]


QY)YK=LO$-_'XF_
MLFXLT51NE

=7
L1&E3P\

MW]G7P\ WMSIEP7DN+%+V^N+V#$;

 D$6Y
M02(]V?+]]N


I.5YMV7-9Q?+\3E:_<_6NXMDGM(+F%69V&1A

9&/-_!\NJZE8QR2RN


M6C0RVZH\UHMQ2YEHHMI;^21^*GQ^\.R6UY?@J P$^[ &2^]MS'U8G)))))SD





D9)3Y









E9R^' 8EKXFM':S79K1IIK1HZ(Y=5Y8WQ$;\J





TRVMNDV[/F);P*VY88@JV5LH*C8OR

:\#B[NU7-7=
MG]=H*ZN[/YJS^91\

M)*T2Q



Z*
.32M/!NVC_X
M4
*MM'\7H1-DG+DLP_B;EL]SDY.3WYK8LE4[254D[220


G1A%/V

M.

MKG^LS;@LOQC?
ZDFTG:SUOJM'TTLSDV@.3P.I[#U^M
6#$HX'OC R?\ /X8Y


MN&M8RS

M:90!@G)4\YK] R!4*3Q





AM]0M9B7.)I_$:75U;$#YO#[VR+_HX05_&/TDO&K_B
M&&08CB_)LAQ6=9IF&(Q.#PN
P




M%?4%MIVE:%IGV#3XXTME0)&@C12ZH-JO
 J[I2!N=VRS2%F8Y)Q_)' _AIQQ


M)-/\
V(T'0K
6\%K:H
[ CSM$@3EE 
F[;RQR6X/7!KCAJE]/#'//9JEQ=3F








MVS&..=EQYD:2 =EWJ&VCKP


GR\O*[-II7M8_1L9@*6)P/[SV?M(







 _%UQ;&6*6/
M3E^VZEH=[-)%)E
LNK:/%([DJMW8V\95 J5_-GIA/@WQ%?V+0PKIVBW']NZ

\XE%N


MDMY4D162?8AP!*K0#'D5_-OX5O8&MDTP7@O?L]M#=65_$^^*^TEXU;397?





H;Q+%#)81RQ
MFUN8;.YC6:(


OHK+3;4;9I6?RI)75R'


M6
M9O@KPK9P6<,CK*F
M=C;K@'/*@Y.X$YYYXZBO3YK:WB@9$*[5&WY0  
 X'!R.?TK^E/#?AVI@U#
M&XUJGB%&$KU%.]W&+NFWW;/A.(



9


M-3!UHT:_[N

M



M&1GN#^GE\MH2

MX0H\R_MBA-IR7NQDEI*2TNWII?T/U+A[Z/OBWFLDI\(XS+XM)J6)J0FFFE9V

N3$%8X^\
D$@GD$\XZ\U?AQ/(7O+2(JMOS-,@QD+NXW;0
M3R6^XKYSDU:^=F\R^NW))R3/


FU'F7



M!3_Q4:S_ /26?:T/HR^%%*
5]1QTK1BK^UI7=HQ5V[:MVNWW;9])2_M#3[?]
M'\+P+NY9!J





-]
M

.X'=Y48(0?DODX SP!@#L .  .@ ':G!W7@
M








 [MH[F1VP
;GC&V-FQU

J^
M




MI.0

M3;75ZT(   VJNT8P 




2
MRDLI)(KW+P[_ 





AFOKZTT^#3UOKB!/D:2:V@2)F



DX3X.
MKT\=QSPIPU3R?B:&4YAAL8\IP]/
L16PV)JK#2J3K15.'LJN%C*6*I3BHNR2
MB?2'A_7QI.D6B3K K7/EO#;*%S:QRJ'#*HX1U#89E .X$YK2O-3N+R5! RB%




M0%\L;AM0C:.


@_+V




J0X8IT\
MVR-._-BZ=6G3Q.(Q%*27\#3J2IU(RO*7L7R-)Q1^A\&YO' U?W\I0IRFE-
MWV=WJUV4FT^J3[)H^?/[

#YF:.
O&5( 8J-RE#]T@Y!7

#C'&.*_F_



XW6[M&:



MS;C7 9I4RZE0K8N*PGLI5
0L%B(0A:%.]-V?

M0 H( Y'!KU73/BOJ&GF1UOKC3)(D9HKRQN);52XN]H6YAMWC%T^WY&:0
7SS
-_9/WXMGXCXAYAPCE


ML[*UAL[:!4CCMX$1$C6-0BKB

M2Y9A

W)


MG24K=3]3_.DKV3 G7H/H/Y4A^\O_  +^5*O0?0?RI#]Y?^!?RH PM043$QJ%

M;=95$'C&W




M7#WE3ISC-6#?-4LE&WNG[)]'SQ)Q/A9XL
M:6]TM'4 37_ALQWNGZ$1DZ=8C28+(0P0VZ+]P_LL:R+#X\?#._MM)A\1QS:T





BJ%!.T_


S;JQ523:@TM74;U
MVN?XQ9]@

Z&(QDZ=:K3J)5W]:Q34(*HO:N?1SDW&4E*25
2:^D/#7@VTM!



MC3 );9\H8D9W



MCO\ ;A_:A^(8D&J?%?Q!HEC=



@MK56$4?SAXU_X*T::KSKX+^&5W?!5=1-XJUJUT$P!2P4
M16FDKKEG

MR8  V$K@#H.



M34VVI'Z$^-?^F/[0WBRSO-/TBV\(^$-%OH7C:73MN]2U 0R*0@-QJ-W?:5



Q&$P='%/*ZLXTJ]:GCO:4ZF'G6+A
M2P=3+Y8>5::4:GM*%2G+DDVY9I))I&DGD,TI)+2,S2%B222'
M:;DXQDX P!DX ]

M5




:F(HU803RNBZ[?+4IRP.:^VBUI*I5E&:@W-ISDX))RG)QT





MW?JM.ST^1ECB&ZOUA4\(J5G7FZN





I.+




M

ME345%RA1J6K5HN


J9V2A3KUL5AL;B7C/J,6Y_7L)@O8SI0O3ISPTZU
MU:-2=/V5.
59SBU0E:4Z


-A*%'.\

RQ^&QM7$5LTJ8BM5

%*2/Z@/AU\0/6N:3'J.AZ[I-ZER8V22P






M1E9!+9E1/&RD



M=B;9$'4($:






MD]/NXSWZ^_IVGA2PUC5[ZRM-/@N[V/4)ELXFCL[EXO/+;1))=(FR.)F.X
&V
M[22.#7U1^SS^QSX@7_A)+WX^Z.J:CIWC'6M%\-Z-IFKF\T7Q!X1L+.*[TKQ6












6DUJNB^OQJ\5?/Q+I7C[PG.VDZA R
MQZKH%S)(T5Y=6#BVNO#U]$C+')YB)(8+B4

MI\

2^;#%;OYU_JJQ2;D2YL7A%TJB6/ D 'X4:#X


Y.2S$$DDDFOPO+\_S[(
#++HXRE' RT7/HY.7+!Q
MDW97@H-:[
_K3/\ P:\



Q9WDD+NQ+.2Q).$ %&U0%&=V 





M4^O_ (*_!KX/S?!CQ9^T-\?O$/CZ#X?:9XZC^''A+PK\

M&L7K7=]K.-#TGP_96)U6?S+TA;J*TA-UK%A??9/#7BBG\-_@A\
OBQ\?=+\$




M[35/%-




QROA;'8/B7AG#\&9!0Q&(P=+*L=

MP+O_ -F_4_CQ\/[SP-=^%O$'Q#UVZ\







-M#(0WZ)ALY^C_=UJN5\-5/;.5:TL+C(U%[9NIRS

MT_:.

MQ



13I





MYRC/DJ0C,/?;Y.13CS)PBX.=E%)J\C](SG(/IL8C/:^897B





+(UPJZI&N$N
7RO:_VG_V


MXW_\$\?C%\.;WXF7D%U\+(9_#/@W4_BAI/PYT#XAZKXD\9+X!?7-7L;IK+PS



12@G4INK1G.'
MM*;J*FY4G)4VVHJ4$KM2FOYMRO%?3?S?
LHXAAP[A:6&KX#!XFI0GCLNIJI2

@ZM<2^/\ X9V_Q)T#5-:\-R?$OP[<6FAOX-EU:&WT]+O

M^$UO-6\1^#7$VCB33-8\*Z1X9AU:PN()=:ALFU.YGFTSSTB
5MQ8Z?XJY;XZ
M_MUZK\?_  1:^'+SPGJVF^+[[_A!H/$?C&U^
OC2[\-^)M9\#:?I:2WFE?!+





TOQ%:^.F\)6XU34=

7
M+



M/V&O&WP[TGXF_$SU'P;9Z%X4UKQ5KFD_6WUSQ
_P 7K;X9Z;\2]6\&6'B6





SPU'(I1I3Q. G3JR
MQ



M.J^$_O@?Q3XYTK2-=\8:CX;\10^O$0\*Z?;W=S:ZN^A:O*TNKZ?IWBK4O.


MK^







MF:8Z.29G4A#+
+2Q$_;5HQCBN:C2J2C1?-3Y)WE.*]JY0NFW96;^#XL\3/I9


DCM[:\@CF.IV]_KD\RPWD






MOQH\)^#O''A?Q!\)/AM\3=-U:U^)'C7PIJ/@W2/B-!X^CT5(K;0-.GL]?U[4


TKXB;Y%.FZ

M?E_!&



M\$[_ 


:RQ%2M22J


MW#9Z9J.IZ8VH:_J6EO/K+/=23UW?QL_;@O/CG\+1X4U3PAKEOXTU6'PB?B!X


0Z618:M3P\
0ZF'E.H




M4?[

M\1_%SQ'\+/'NL^



GX)H8RO0P?%VXCG&G6&A@LERJ


MLXQGYS^SG^QE;^*OVHOAO\&_B[KNA)::AX#B^+'BOPMI.LR:-XO

MPOO]










!G$\/)
M0JP3J8J&*I5+851IMTH*A*D?!&

ME8IV]4:8-(CN\CE8-F[R=S


ME+%TX_##%RI4WBH1_NPQ3Q
(_P!V$0HI!T'T%+6%V]7N]7ZO5_BV/EE_
%3*
MJ[-FT;&.YEP-I8\EBO0L3R21DFH:G7H/H/Y4V[U85.D4E;J[)+?;H:0N_CJU







V+BYA!-1Q
M]I=-Y
K0Q


DJ A-


@\5_'E_P7H^&W_._M3^_'EM;-%9_$GX3V]M+




CG&XL


M?*HW[ZV/]IN JD7A:V'K-RJJI.$G%VBY1G*
/

=M+Y)+R((9FR=TJ+;I:!)#@


LK6WO[:;7=%?&BG

MW67MH+.PUOQ#HOB[3;J31=9\/^%=4LX@UN/$_B5K=;VY^VCX?\4RRW^TX9!0




$
M17

%;

MW$
/PH^)/BOPMX(\:^&O#


MM#^&_@9XE^


@:
MSOM.31HY+2#4Y)I;SQ)#))X?MI=.$



[S/AG%4U!RJXG
HPK8JAF%*27*






MK2.S@@M8QJC7

\RQF2Y


MN*2T30TS]B/]I[5OB)XM^%5M\)-=3QEX/T*VUW6K&[O-.BM)])U'[/I=C=Z=







MG*2E3]R=



OB1X#T'X=VNH^*?A*=*;QWIMGXM\



M;910PE+%R=+!UJN#KP^MXF+Y:F&C&W-&M3JJ=*IS-I5(35]#Z#A[C7@+B/$Y

'P#JWQ$O-1O+O2KN+1O!VD:1H
NL7VJV6E746L

2DK


KVXN_#I97DL](U;[=HL%CK$EQ
MKNDZ18ZI:17]WX8L-8T*!]-U.[OM2UJPTOQ+-J_J7QN_81\?^&_&7QRNO@WH


M

M !+(Z*Z
3E64
 0[: 5.!NC975L#*O&LB(ZGJK(LLJJP.5660 @.V?H3]F



MZ_=7T_AF'1M!DTG4$O\ 6]3^T/Y.7\#9YFU+*


ME]:M0Q


YIT
MJF/O+





M]6CXL^&?M*^#R;C_ ('P5?-N)

^+?B_XQM?%-






4X6M&
8T^:[3E!V7+9MT/'[PEEF.!RG





YIQ_D:JT
E7$F-QG]IX79?B,AJ8JK@U5P%3$0YL=.GB:57_5L.



M



5S8W/A[Q+X2\%74ND?$S2
M%@+?;]/U?P*;^T\2:9XBBUG4W\4V#P1V/@G6+&*&\')5X*XI4L50JY+++I_6
M





I8/DCA*.94XSA@HT)^VH5



)[;[6$($@B029V+


1






SS^











M
\7PS%]:D%CJL!OIY\A_+L@'82,F.03)GG9,H(65/[LBAF D&& ) .:C:&

:-J]I<:GI6LQZPQ2?Q!<Z%*+6ZU569FN? 3_@I6?@[JWQLGU+



M#


IUE3K.$Z6(4)P;O-_L+I'_  4!
M^!?P_P!&^*6J_!WX;?%(^-?BQ-XF\57OP]\;Q^#]:^#OA_XG^*;;PS_PD&MV



M[O43YVGV?BT&WL;=[.UTOQ5^3S@2@B3]X#
EP?

T9Y24_.AY






JCPV%:KX&&(E3AS?6ZF8\^-K5K4U-5YJ*C4T7T


HP

T7'[MB63:


MTO5Y($U^)O[+@TY[U


MG1IMYMC5*5&E3A3IMQC448N5*G3;C&T4VXQM&
3\GK?0^\*


W7J5*E6KS\_#[@JT:LJG/:])5?:N*E%Q;_ %#^)W[;?P\\





S?(
SK2E6I9CFF!PV98'FK3A5J4XQR^KA
16Y9)QA4]




7EG$=:GB


M

7N)))W9(HBTSM*QC@





/B'8?$
M--)TAO%%GJN@7.M_#NTABDTK5;?2M4L_$.N:3)HFF?BG.[W

M=C+
?*26.+







[@;

[L.68GFR[QDS_A_(
FR/+L/EJAEU



\P1HC*Q+2[&E
[H7;YMC39F

HBC\F

R[
\\K





MB76F^&[K6] _LGQ3XB\36




MTS]G/XBVC:1X7UGQ!:/'HE];:OJOACPKJGBJ;PJ=2N?%3:#-!JNHZSKD5QH\
MU^CZ3);SS(_YT%F(4%F(6.2)022%BE-RTL:@G CD:\O&D085S=7)8$SR[FGE
MTE)+2QO')'*Q+2))$@BBD61B75XX@(XW!#)& BD* *\C^+/%=GB*=&K*CA

7C
0\;4DXUZU


D_-$ +(DH
M $L90QR 8D0Q7+WD91Q\RF.[EDND*D;+F1YUQ*[

   #'3 ' QVQ2GDY/)]


M#-8KF:3M'5)_Q(==?U(C1Q$J4JOU7%))NR5%24UK:4)*JE*
E:496UC*
NHQ



JL40B10V





M#7[&X.%+(D65 'S


M&

.OK7U!\#?V3/B7\













(NZU?\ X)S?%32/B-X=
M^%S_ !0^ NH^-/$5^VEQ^%M-\=ZY)XDTIX/!7B/X@#5/%NFGPFJ:-I
F@^&-


*N&L[A5P






EH+^UE\-9?VX?A-\7M/^(
?
MA7X4P_L_KX'U;PO96=WIFG_#)H?AUJ=VGP5ODT7PY;VGBB+3?&&LZ3XET+Q
M]N;?S+ZPCLTC/AZV

&IQ]E<<3C

M^S?\0_@U\4- ^%^N0:5K&K^*-

MXV.E6

15

M9-
BM(8&M'BN=8N==2%&@N]$BN(Y;5?UH^'/[?GP'@^GQ[T'0?!FL? OXC
MV7@OQ\_P7U+4OBKXP^+GB76O&GQ




M^


%S#
MO#U
:LOKJAC


M_ *:QH/BN7Q)H]KHNCP^


MAC\1K7Q5X^\.Z-#/I
LVDZ%;VFHZ_=:CI



M-GC]EOB;Q3C.%N$)YGP[D67X[*LFY

MW-5HX:CAJJG*M*C)K\F8/@I\:7O;G3F^$GQ0.IVL6F:K_9I^'/BMM173;B-Y
MUDU);;2I=
@M)+G1?$5C+/:3/O:2S$;NHC)H+\+?B';6]C=77@'QPNBWVDQ^




M[N








.O#7AZ75O#OBKP9<_ Q/!'Q


CQN+J9]0AF^PT*V$;Q,7/%0]A5&%.$:_NN4/9M\






MUSQG ^C^+_!/P=^%WP_\'?[4/$,T/C\V2^,MN?'VAWT^O:'X-^(/A[0;U?



ORUX_VF4XRAAZF*OC*

]G

MP1[+?#/XEI=7-FWP]\;2W-IJT&B7%JW@;Q$DMOXB?14U:/2KFSMEM=2 G\
M



VNP)J?P




52IUH2I0_&71/

FA:E/+JL
M

M3OCH\UP%&GX



M+
ZR_%8B7/*%*GG6!51-RO&

MU\

5[2@E3J\Z=-2E.%-




5C*GU/V?\

MCWQC;Z]+\/M;;PUXFU_P&D U/P;IVH75U:R:+XBU1VECTW3-0U;4-0LIK:XA

MY6'B36;F[T-[ :%X9L-N+M#J;VT&DSZQI,FHBQAE2*OTDG_;*^&_A'X
P^

M6][-IW_2O\ #^]O[]]0N- FFFUSQ+I.MR76E3\#^Q)^V#X^$GP?^%O@CQ_
M\3[KPZ?#GQW\<ZKK.DW#ZN-,L/!FL? OX@6NC66SV]A*^@W?CS4;#Q!9:9=




MXCQ:[X;;Q-86_P 6/&MVEMI'@




MROM&TJ^^'7CFVU#7W

MGHD_]L0?/]BLX+:\%MJ/B7[7I=X6TJUK]U]3_:Z^!6F_M#?!7Q1+\9/GC?



MJ27T_!OCWXP\29UA
!F/A'@LMHX_&Y?05?%X;




M\%_'Q5O_$=Q\-?V8?VI?#^F_%'3_!_B/P[IFI^/OBOXQ\,ZSX4T?1K\O)]






?B\OQ(N-?


\\=NO;Z


E!1
MTM)-MV:730^2XSQRH914I134VG:S2O==M_ZW.71EB6-1
'D=Q\K1!]H/\()'

MOK7Q7U;6?B+J4I012+;:\(+3PZR.


/!FB_#WP%X0\$:#

ML@X3P]5TJ^99KA







MG/[Q@



MEH_N/RN. 4ZIP.

Y2
MEO=7/]@OHNY_2S'PFX2Q\JSG4RB&/R:I2;BZL&ZU6C3JIIN


;@ 8Q.3*
2'=4\(!;D _49[&G(



=
J?+9-6J+$BQK%M#(I!PP#9<+
M$OF-D?-(1!&<_
?*CR?D7#Y@+@$7 $X(N@1




%)O5RE5QW-)O5RE:K;FDVY
M2MIS2E;2QSNE-58RI*5.DDKTE7S)I))6C&7]L1O&-DHMQBVHQ;C%Z1!+-$\G

(Q3G6]I3Q$HT, U4PU=0IUJ2=2E.HW*AAL
M%34JLYMNAS3E.3YF(%02?*/,D:5@X #9F $AS]XEUASGYP &R *:RK+)'*R
MAKF(*JSL TZE(5MU*RL/
7; BPC##$*B

Q+QT'T%&!G.!G&


RK4Z\ZDW
M*;I9A-QY
1A(2FX4Z5)*4:
81=FARDHQ9258QK$64X8Q(962
D8)C5IYF5
[
M5
TI !D?
C 
5+?


M3I[5*I1@W*E.O=MO]Y4YM6V^C[LY8T
.XU85:;Y





MSM*I*U.G_9$IK5.W-.7+&-G*4K2E_)WT@?%SQPX#SO!/@[AK(\SX:P6%R3-5


MW)%J27'VJ2RA*A5]T+]BCXH:)=_$[1OC!X)\3^#-1\*_L^_$+XO^$98KBT

M*W^@1^*](CFD\/Z/%'X3
?@J.&:[MUEMH=:L]FKGCO!7_!1'X:?!K4?!FG?#







M%X0\._$C1+W7?@S^S'\-M%O=:N-+


E\)7L]G?Z'


8J-6CBG'V


M0XZ6!C@

J=:I4Q/-S?-^J_LZ^*];





MWL[!=6L)XY([*PC2QN-7A5WB1HXE3V:_!'AA2IX6-?-


]M


0O8H97N-.E18MP^SIC[
/[2?P*\&_M-^#?C
MY\+-+^-FLW^J?$75/&'CS2OB1#XNM!L=!\=WWB&TUJ7P=X3TG58?$VN2Z#I
M/BC5;C2(-0NW;2?*T=_$2W-U;L:\H_:K^/7@3XM6GPVT7X:S_$Z\%_#[2=2


&+4IU:<93]DHN






T$ENTT;%)6MYXEAF@:12'

T*)%+$3LDB58W4HH J^7Y)
M
65/E$QY19$4E#M)5)F:95)&0LK-*!Q(Q?)


T
96U+]


M&

9YF.3*Y

09D50J@*H 4          8  X '2GR*H0


M*4Z




;[\L5RQORQ]V






=


*
M5E1K1J25.

MIY5E?]G4L#F.#HP6$I^UH
MPS.KB*V

JXJO5Q5%KFJ.O4T?

MO;V+W
EE9^)O$&M:]%I\EZH6\^R#5KV[6![E5$=R\(1KA5 E+@ 5YVJ(C;U0
M*XE\\-@;Q/L



^%FD^)/']U++#)






/A\;3


7AK4?#L\M
%O^?G
!]2\?Z]H_CW7_ !K-X(\6:K<:KX9T


[

TAYZ\_7FO2M/^



J-PI\^(HJ-3DDZ?-%73Y92CW?+S*
GS)G[#F_BUX=Y%


'6HX=SJRJXG#8NA4C.$8TX


MV&;=2%H3HU:M&;=MUS4I62U:LMS\_P T^E-X)9-BL7@L?Q77IUL/EM#-*56G
MD'$-? XG#XC+
-G$.3





M





M;?623=N:5KR^CX5\:?#7Q-S/+^#LFS_+L=BL]X+EGV%I8S UZ%18+).(L=1Q

P7=U:O++:W-Q;2S6EQ8320320O+8W;M
M+=64KQLK26ES(S27%LY

SLSR(S$DU0

M(%8
J$$%17TO\&_V?]'^(/ACQ!\0?'OQ3T7X._#30]1TWPO;^*O$7A_4=8?4
M?&]S!%JD?AY-


MN.





2
M7SN.]IYW;GEIYF/


:UF4L-*E3J?[5#
M$*/S#)+++''%+)))%#:16$



MO\9!\']+@UGPMJ6K1:CK=[X

MMV5PL^C-W_A?]@G7-0\
ZT_B+X@V7A;XCZEXD^-_AOX2?#6/07\2S?%B;X*:
M=)'XBN?#OBM-:L['3TM]7L-2ANAKEC9-'Y3+## RF-.+#^&_B%FE.CCJF2XN



OACP[XJ^/



MRGXADLR#Y3'
92) _P!U6S\Z@'@*K9  Z 8' IQ9=S!1*'#$
23Y6\$AM@)V
MA

MV_9H_9Y^+6O^*?A[\




;CP_IMO
!M*^'6NZ=I

!EF8X7EX;X@7^SYK6C2PSFI9=?X)QK.2?).G*#IRESPE+\X

M%H]-TGQ+=\??\$]-!\$7?Q.MI_VD? ]S)\'_ !]X$\-?$A[_ 




\RPM70EIS5$E%2;Y#\SJ*]8^._PHU7X_%
MKQS\)O$-W9ZIJ'@O5;:(ZQ9?:+:35=$O-







M3AYYA6R_



^!\\LC9=E7[
MC_7_ -F-?B4Z4H3G2Y)1E*,H/5PE&4HRBVM&XN+BVM&XMK1H_LE5I5Z5*O




CC0SO_ &)I4MKXA\2W


FRFEU:K7C:JTW\I+[$??




LP
+)X7#853



M'\JA;J?J?YT )4Z]!]!_*H*G7H/H/Y4 0MU/U/\ .DI&9=QZ\




LN3][\
MS_C1N7_:_
__ !5+VR_Y]8K_ 

]U5WO+6_4_V:X Q
/\
M[-2+P 1P<#D<=J(OOM]3_PS5\ZJ=2V^'7E+%T(R7E*+NXR6THMMQDFGJF?H
M\:%9Q3?U9-I-KZ[A]&TFU^)$_P!]O]YOYFFTY_OM_O-_
TVCEE_SZQ#\XT'*


5J6 4(1E0_
MM*ASI1A3BE2:C&*4$HIZJ


MY&



2:53Q*XXG1Q&#EG7/@L;!T


QIU)?[3ALP=&O5H*;



MJVH:QJVKZ+%JB7
FO^*_%]W&^HWME/)=ZE'$&GO+LHLI^7XV:&
10L8HED:9



M&GR2/3_BC\3-6^)?CWQ7X[N-.T#PMJGC34;.Y\2Z9X-AN-(L;B\L8IDUV\?3



M:T?]E:G;Z#


E;\SS
MWZ
'A5GN:8/$U:_U3**&!HY;B^'J4J#PF-P=#)

MGQ3T+3? WPBTNZ^


M\=2JU*M;


ZY)QI\JIR@J?$4:2@XQC*G:*2@X)6BHI?;%W^W3\0I_%W




MB!,J$FR9EG@+*2?
7&)

M!.RMMYES*$=$BA]'_PURS
H9QP_E-'(
TI8+ 8:AB
)F-*G5P;P68_7JF&

M



[5::5@ 9'+/!(8
M.0ZAPK X80EI &Z@2


MGU.O3IU9NI/%4(5L/E]=U*OUO+
;5E5G6^O3^V5\29_A''\+1HGA%+F+P+;_
M  PM/C5'!?R_$M_AE#J\.M:MX'F\4VOBB.TN/#SW\ TRWTS13;)-HV((85A9

M']AX_P# WA/7O$U]I=YJQ1-/T'4?MULFIQVMK;R+


MX.F3B*^T_6+RW$36M[-%+Y3XZ^.7@WXPZ/KU_P-OAYX\'ZUX?\&'0_A[X.

^,/^BPZ)IFGZC)%XD2QN=+DMH


DE50D

81LY7]V
()6_E3NFD=^8^
M WAIG&-Q&99GP/AL7F%?




/#\OBN2.'5M)UBUUV&WGN(KG1KK





MMK;%+O@?]N+XA^#OAGX7^#)\*_#'Q=\-?#&E:[X=D\)^--.U;Q)I/B23Q1XI


-0\.Q
MV/P]TS3=
B=;W4K9%FOO,GD?/CI)$7V<'%NJR1K!_RQ$<LJ32QB+[@22:*.61
MNUY8TD8%D4AQD=D,;.YC9Q*T98E&D5=BR%2=I=5^4.1N_*#CBN:7&'%-;#8








=BL=
MC

M^7MJLC(RADDC:.12 5DCD^T%T=3PR.;NZ+JP*M]IN

MYWL?+/[OYFR?DP-G/RX&W&*5+Q#XWCE^!P%7/ISC@W!*4
QI*
H4X0A%)2E=


M^XVZ:..5MRG


ME3=MVY7NFT_*G]&CPBEC

5];GC*#N\55K5JNBK.2G-UY.4
E*3^9^XT<%+#T:.'I+QI4*





M!'




#)R


M]H^^3S^;4;E_VOS/_P 54^V7_/K%?^$U3_Y(ODJ_\^G_ .!1_P B2I3]S\%_

9...







5&G5@DHRG&3IM0:/

MLZYIQ(^IQS1_PLGP/_T./AS_ 

MOVN_&

'*U


J56K
SLD^&'Q(B((NR3X.UQ765CY
MGD


%AWA=D9PJLQVCI@9_AZ
MG/?UYJ1%@!9O)0JRMM 11@M@@]....F?:N6E]
/-ZL&J/ N35*D*%.7L::JS





YP



+DX'DJ%(]OE




M']+_ #=0G57A[P].A3A
MI.M'.


M%*


1X#\:8/(_XIOQ!W_[@5?T6B.

M6
CZ
5S]

M_B5_T(?C3_PF_$'_ 
HJ7_A6_P 1QP? /C/(X/\ Q37B#M_W :_HIV1?W![\

O\ ;&<*_P#Y6[:G\['_  K?XC_]




MK_\ \H:/^%;_ !'_ .A\9?^$YK_ /\ *&OZ*_+@$@'EH54 '+ABHP3C!&&
MQGOU[TQ4A&[


% &4;3\BD''!_A[_X?6LO^






M;_BW_C+JW_
LZ_\ 7/.A9^GOS7]$NQ&P?+C!.. B@9/H
8%'E1DF

M




8
288 $ D$8)/





?Y[URR^F;F4'7C/
M@G)(SI)J
/??M:T:CA5H1:BU&5-*4W.5X24;15VA+Z;G$CA*?^I.0I1;7*Y.
M]TVG&ZTNK:^FA_.N/AQ\16\>,E9>%7_A%=?.[G'/_ !(?FSZ]^O>O$O'G
MPR^*FHZW$EO\-O'LMO;6^X2KX4\1;5GP?,6/_B0_*I;( & 1QFOZDL(K$':
M?N@^&K.T_M2P@DAM=#TNTTN*%X?O12+#9HLL3!F#AE=BV:_+?#' C#;$DC
MF&T$ 30F
QSX'RH88F23[Z&*,A@47 OEJHV[E8+M&W@ #@ 8[8Z 8 P*_8N
M ?VD/$?A_/%5\)X3Y#BJF*C.G4CA\US.=? \DG#QM&564Z3J*T^62BT[QDU
M.+BOY=\:^+
?XQT\BPV
I/*\)E-1RKX;RA)5.904HTG2Y5#E47#JW7+;FU
M;9^R:_$CP20&7QEX:0


M







M7@M-0N/$?A@ZWIL^F:+_ 
*I\4S_ &6WTVVU$7MJ3=M'JD^GF:6:X2.1_G7X


M  1H^'?QB_:9_;7^/_QWGU36D^
=YX0U'X/7OA+Q3XG\/W/A+1_.HV'B=-




XG&\50JU94Z-25)UJOLM))NE[:LJ;46M+TE3:NWS)JRB?MU^RA_P49^(W
MQYB^(_B_XM_LLK^SC\%/AS\/]9\6ZC\97^.?P\^,'A9M4\/76F_:?S+X.M8
M9(M?3PYK4GB6[MQ/Y#PZ) /(U.$R4OV$O\ @K!\./VY;_XX:3IGPS\0?S6

MP-O-



M0OV'?VJK3]MO]ECX;_M



M^_OVHO\ @G'KG[3/_!4_X _M%_$3P'\


M2II2^*+DVDK1=[;H\KN?^T_Q1L/?A?Q!X@_81ET.7XA?%WPG\&_ D-K^U;



M-EKUUX4LM(BDNM$F@D34(&$



M7_2X]&TQ7%G%\:67_!;?XH^



MO/$=A' +:*3X/:JKZB@
B3W-I+$8WCC)










M^V#\)?V:_B;X$U%O!_Q#^'ND_$+Q1\9=.\66T&G^ =.\3_$#Q-X!M%U/PO+X



M'7P9@_9PL/$7@FY@UWPEX5TG5OB-\1H/'C;PSXJBT+Q9X3U!_#FC:%%#I=




MNO#_ 

\#^$]=\

MR3W)NIVFD?\ *SPE_P $$?VEOAQ^VYX)_:*\
CX9:3\+] _; U[QZW@*RU(:

U=&'V)HG


M)
LXNSS%8W X[ 8VIBLTXCS2E5C6PKQ&:4J=' 9S1PG(HK&XFKEL51I0HOFP


S?VK:1)ZL\T4+ HOU7^Q_^WK?_M*^./'_ ,'OB-\&==^7Q

M)JFJX\0MX_\ !&M:7KT-M

MY4$LC?F?\-O^2'[1/[._P $/@CK7P5\?^%+W]ICX9?KXO?!KQ-X5UQ[=/!






M?4/#7B'4(]$M9M1@UYFMK6UTG4HMO)H]?N[=/M@H_M5_\ !22+]GWQ7^RE





M:ZQ^U%W=TVFDD?1\_P#P5]^




M+F._U4HRZ+/YD\UM:2IC?+]AOXU^#/V2?^HWP;U:'P;!XO_:P^+O[8GCK
MX3K8:[;/IEQH_P 8OAUHWACP#)JMS-9]*N)==L[C^T[9'7R;/R[1OW

:CZ




:1) O@&YO$UD-





E7CK7EQ%A_8KZO4J.IG
N:IX?NO&_A^VO]\*P:(;?4K31M-F\/-





M:
RO(A) +'#E2
*QZ9P:_.#_ ()P_M!_%;]HFW_;*/Q
UFTUL?!W]N7XZ? O

M([^6_F0$W+QW!D43&Y\LM9EC$MRT4+3Q1DE8Y###O4;O*BW%!^


]
^&5W+
M/XM\/^
+^/56U_6[/4[2VL/[1\.:=:07





MX

MJT6A17IM=.O99IHT-Q))
W]'^'7!?[.3BN&/S/#PX'P5.IEF-P5+ \:9_P 6

M5R)7LX\R?-+1V;M\*UT=]&?H[?\ _!;WQ#;Z[/\ #*+]CBX\/_&KPCI-K=_%

MPW-Y96JZ+XP\*C2=?\1WLEM-?W



M62+4=7@U71(#%IBSBR2**/\XOVNO\ @CMKVN?M:Z)\2_V.OA9\'?A'\)#^






?%/_ (*TZ]X%_:T^./[*O@S]F[0O&FI_ JY\#SZUXN\1_'
_#/3=








'2_LG.957!.%
M:.7UN2[CHX^^G)/1J33C)6E&*32?V[\+O^OO[0OQ%\7:?H&C_\ !/2Z_L2V

2:+8N\




M&32;$M-=RN+.U:9H5]@\8?\ !9?P!\//A+\?M8\8?!?Q-H/[1/[.WASP?XN\


MI=PFK?%75OB[XD*+#XEAM]_AW6I;&Q2ZA@@CO#(9$A'G*!U/QL_X)(_'_P-
M/PD_;#^+'Q!^(7AOQ[^VA^TSX&^'WP\LH+.UTOPE\+O/@?PO\7/A=\3KK3]

ME.1[?B;5O#5FWS;))25E:^EU)MNR;:2T=SLV_PV/[0LVA^*_%EG_P3;U'Q


M^


7Q#1RW/98GC3Q$S#%8?@F=5T


[
7D)WG\UK6UN6_P]NI:@)([BX;_ ()F6FFB1%2%?M
_


MX







MW_LAM.V((HX@OF\'_!/;]HVR_P&$W[!4
?A&#X]Q>';NQ*2Z_!8ZIN/VK
M+7XPW!CU>[BEAO[.3P9:6,T









M_BN%M%(^#O'7_!'G_@I?=?M _M)_%3X;?#S]C_7M#^/'QH^(OQ&AMOB3I7P]

\EPRPN/Z5

N
L^XQX.P%;X3-L=AL)B*#S+.\=6JT
M:^$I4:^&KSJ1E5P[H5*EA4G4@_*Q6+XLP[;]C.;;;]Q.ZO=VO*-K+;9=];Z

R\*





MQY\7.

;X?G52G2I





M5P3N_=7B[CLDC)#BR&[
ZO5I-:ZO3V*NF^][65GH?A@D;(%59E01@A ([P
M*H]$V1 'L



R]L=-U!#'?Z?8WR'3[S2





ML17C)5*F(X%P]=U.5I455J3XCE5JI0G7]K*;G.I-TYZMUF\EQYB7I+#-JUDE
M4II125DDO9[1222[):Z(_#0!V
01XH1;LS0%8KJ+RF8PEFBQ:90L;:V)*;23




I(O-C:)YHFB?

M;
PLB7:-/DC)&50!5P !7[G^3#_SQB_[]I_A2^3.D48_PV:_X5O']D%1C'



DVXOGIZ;V_Y==+^1^%J1X01*\8C22&58S!=A%EM4\NVD1?L.U7MT^2W
,,_Y8S?-?EEE3B_=A+DC&]_\1!Q3;;PB;?7GIZOJW^[
MZN[[ZGX;%I9Q-PHW($.8KP93;$NPXL3D 0PCKR(HO\ GFNUJK($\L7+&H(
MV.\E=V\J%^P@


1V
M_=S&AV_[OR\?A1_Q1^P]-OV'CQ42@X.DZOAMEDIZJ5*LZKCQ TVJ%6LJ#C?D
MJRA*;45)B7'G?+*E^MLUQ\5?6[45445=M^ZDHQ3M%6C%'X9SF61S.TX



$#K@1(!GUQMH?['^BKQCX




MV4  2\+N )AO0Q#+L.3]CYRORD#C'!R



M@6C?$RPM:6





M/PU\MC@^= 
$L
PW(92V23D6&0QR=QSDDG)Y-0-:IL:
M8V\X,@@NRCX$@

DDN/L0])8-






MQYL:E$D!73\14RJOPRCY00,5^YGV6U_Y]K?CI^YCX_\=I?L]OC'D0X]/*3'
MY;:C_BD'[2M'$XCQYG5Q%*%.-I/P[P-:$'2A&




ML95B5


MQCK&?%3AY;1]C[ZC9/6X+C[$Q^#1CI_/3T??2GKZ,_#229@2'=9'5)8Y


TI
LD9PDCDNREJR!HVEC5SXD;3M-_MLV*:8-6.FO_:G
.P]; 9A)<QBL

M-





M

MVY6/SH[D1H6LB5C$\

GZG;FHE


M%9:O+


I.#BOW*


MYHB0I0





M^/W$/'(_=)P?4?+Q2&UMF8
UO S#HQBC+#Z$KD4O^*0




O]UK6V(P8(BG[H^1!_SQB_[]I_A2?9[?\ YX0_
XCXQSRAXCU.,J/%OV4</RP<N#\#PY4P-;+<]K9S
M/%?6

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Major classes of property and equipment&#13;at December 31, 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Manufacturing Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,605,317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;705,782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;116,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,641,337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;839,438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(396,863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(249,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,244,474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;589,706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment not yet placed in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;250,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;99,066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,494,478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Estimated future amortization expense&#13;related to intangible property as of December 31, 2016, is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Later years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;237,963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;77.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.5 to 8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;78% to 99 %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.38% to 2.11 %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75.56%-78.12% %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.23%-1.83% %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5.5 to 8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;74.09% to 82.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.24% to 1.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of outstanding&#13;stock options issued to employees and directors as of December 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of &amp;#160;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price &amp;#160;per share &amp;#160;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average &amp;#160;remaining term &amp;#160;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic &amp;#160;value at date of grant &amp;#160;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding April 1, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,600,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45 -.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,985,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.47 -.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,575,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,893,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.61 - .83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(56,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,362,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,580,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45 - .54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the Extension Warrant,&#13;$0.23 per share, was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The estimated useful lives used for&#13;financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Furniture and fixtures: 5&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Manufacturing Equipment: 7&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Leasehold improvements: 2&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income tax provision (benefit) for the&#13;year ended December 31, 2016 and the nine months ended December 31, 2015 is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,878,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,712,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(279,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(167,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,157,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,888,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Increase in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,157,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The sources and tax effect of the differences&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Components of the net deferred income&#13;tax assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,766,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,708,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(7,766,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,708,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;345,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,840,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,324,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,987,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,061,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,194,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;82.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;161,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,356,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;93.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the nine months ended December 31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;373,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;37,276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;428,610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;98.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,457,499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;490,905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;772,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;280,648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;684,672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;210,257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,415,933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,819,183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;208,164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;174,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,624,547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,994,075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(9,939,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,783,818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;250,850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;424,245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Loss on extinguishment of debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,190,725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(7,225,920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Per share information - basic and fully diluted:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;95,857,003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89,437,799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Barfresh Food Group Inc., (&amp;#8220;we,&amp;#8221;&#13;&amp;#8220;us,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our,&amp;#8221; and the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated on February 25, 2010 in the State of Delaware.&#13;We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages, particularly, smoothies, shakes and frappes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 15, 2015, the Company changed&#13;its fiscal year end from March 31 to December 31 with immediate effect. The Company previously filed a Transition Report on Form&#13;10-K for the nine-month period ending December 31, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements&#13;have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries, Barfresh Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc.&#13;All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We consider all highly liquid investments&#13;with an original maturity of three months or less, at the time of purchase, to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amount of cash on deposit with financial&#13;institutions exceeds the $250,000 federally insured limit at December 31, 2016 and 2015. However, we believe that cash on deposit&#13;that exceeds $250,000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;(&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 820, &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASC 820&amp;#8221;), provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required&#13;about fair value measurements. Specifically, ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing&#13;the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities&#13;and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices are&#13;available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included&#13;in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed on the New York Stock&#13;Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Pricing inputs are&#13;other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types&#13;of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with&#13;models using highly observable inputs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Significant inputs&#13;to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with&#13;inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine&#13;the fair value of financial transmission rights.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our financial instruments consist of&#13;accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, notes payable, and convertible notes. The carrying value of our financial&#13;instruments approximates their fair value due to their relative short maturities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are typically unsecured.&#13;Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale.&#13;As of December 31, 2016, and 2015, there is no allowance for doubtful accounts. There was no bad debt expense for the year ended&#13;December 31, 2016 and the nine months ended December 31, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventory consists of finished goods&#13;and is carried at the lower of cost or market on a first in first out basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are comprised of patents,&#13;net of amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent, which is twenty years from&#13;the date of filing the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;350&amp;#8221;), the costs of internally developing other intangible assets, such as patents, are expensed as incurred. However, as&#13;allowed by ASC 350, costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties, legal fees and similar costs relating&#13;to patents have been capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with ASC 350 legal costs&#13;related to trademarks have been capitalized. We have determined that trademarks have an indeterminable life and therefore are not&#13;being amortized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property, plant, and equipment is stated&#13;at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis&#13;over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of&#13;the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated&#13;useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Furniture and fixtures: 5&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Manufacturing Equipment: 7&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Leasehold improvements: 2&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Vehicles 5 years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize revenue when there is persuasive&#13;evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the sales price is determinable, and collection&#13;is reasonably assured. Revenue is recorded net of provisions for discounts, slotting fees, and promotion allowances. Our products&#13;are sold on various terms. Our credit terms, which are established in accordance with local and industry practices, typically require&#13;payment within 30 days of delivery. We recognize revenue upon receipt of our products by our distributors and retail accounts,&#13;in accordance with written sales terms, net of provisions for discounts or allowances. Allowances for returns and discounts are&#13;made on a case-by-case basis. Historically, neither returns nor discounts have been material.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenditures for research activities&#13;relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $432,146 and $256,499, in research&#13;and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the nine months ended December 31, 2015, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rent Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We recognize rent expense on a straight-line&#13;basis over the reasonably assured lease term as defined in ASC Topic 840, &lt;i&gt;Leases &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASC 840&amp;#8221;). Rent expense is&#13;charged to expense beginning with the occupancy date. Deferred rent was $165 and $1,855 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively,&#13;and will be charged to rent expense over the life of the lease.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes is determined&#13;in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;). Under this method,&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial&#13;statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences&#13;are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized&#13;in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model&#13;for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements, uncertain tax positions taken&#13;or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements&#13;when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must&#13;initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized&#13;upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended December 31, 2016&#13;and for the nine months ended December 31, 2015 we did not have any interest and penalties or any significant unrecognized uncertain&#13;tax positions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate net loss per share in accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 260, &lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average&#13;number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period, and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock&#13;equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At December 31, 2016 and 2015 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive&#13;as we had losses for the periods then ended.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate stock compensation in accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 718, &lt;i&gt;Compensation-Stock Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;). ASC 718 requires that the cost resulting&#13;from all share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements and establishes fair value as the measurement&#13;objective in accounting for share-based payment arrangements and requires all entities to apply a fair-value-based measurement&#13;method in accounting for share-based payment transactions with employees except for equity instruments held by employee stock ownership&#13;plans&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time, new accounting pronouncements&#13;are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not&#13;yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is in the initial stages&#13;of evaluating the effect of the standard on our financial statements and continue to evaluate the available transition methods.&#13;However, based on our initial evaluation, we do not expect there to be material changes to our current Revenue Recognition policies&#13;due to the non-complex contracts with our customers, including the definition of our performance obligations and the transaction&#13;prices in our contracts with our customers. The Company does not plan to adopt the standard until the interim period ended March&#13;31, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Interest-Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost&lt;/i&gt;. The guidance requires an entity to&#13;present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent&#13;with debt discounts, rather than as an asset. Amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.&#13;Debt issuance costs related to revolving credit arrangements, however, will continue to be presented as an asset and amortized&#13;ratably over the term of the arrangement. ASU 2015-03 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 including&#13;interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted, and upon adoption, ASU 2015-03 should be applied on&#13;a retrospective basis. We have adopted ASU 2015-03 and it has not had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;, which simplifies the measurement principle of inventories valued under the First-In, First-Out (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;)&#13;or weighted average methods from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective&#13;for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 including interim periods within those annual periods. We do not expect&#13;the standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU&#13;2015-17, &lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;, which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified&#13;as noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,&#13;including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual&#13;reporting period. Upon adoption, ASU 2015-17 may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption&#13;of this guidance to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02, &lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;, to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. This ASU will require organizations that&#13;lease assets (&amp;#8220;lessees&amp;#8221;) to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset on its balance sheet for all leases&#13;with terms of more than twelve months. A lease liability is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease,&#13;measured on a discounted basis and a right-of-use asset represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use, or control use of, a specified&#13;asset for the lease term. The amendments in this ASU simplify the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because&#13;lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. This ASU leaves the accounting for the organizations that own the assets&#13;leased to the lessee (&amp;#8220;lessor&amp;#8221;) largely unchanged except for targeted improvements to align it with the lessee accounting&#13;model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is in the initial stages&#13;of evaluating the effect of the standard on our financial statements and continue to evaluate the available transition methods.&#13;However, based on our initial evaluation, we do not expect there to be material changes to both our current and long-term lease&#13;liabilities and our fixed assets of our limited number of operating leases that will be converted to financing leases under the&#13;new guidance. The Company does not plan to adopt the standard until the interim period ended March 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,&#13;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. This ASU&#13;simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including (i) income tax consequences,&#13;(ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, (iii) whether to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they&#13;occur and (iv) classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning&#13;after December 31, 2016. Early adoption will be permitted with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year&#13;of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 2. Property Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Major classes of property and equipment&#13;at December 31, 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Manufacturing Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,605,317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;705,782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;116,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,641,337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;839,438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(396,863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(249,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,244,474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;589,706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equipment not yet placed in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;250,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;99,066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,494,478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;688,772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 3. Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2016, intangible&#13;assets consist of patent costs of $750,640, trademarks of $73,925 and accumulated amortization of $204,702.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2015, intangible&#13;assets consist of patent costs of $745,943, trademarks of $14,533 and accumulated amortization of $143,219&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The amounts carried on the balance sheet&#13;represent cost to acquire, legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated&#13;through the expiration date of the patent, which is December, 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent&#13;costs was $61,483 and $45,846 for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the nine months ended December 31, 2015, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Estimated future amortization expense&#13;related to intangible property as of December 31, 2016, is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Later years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;237,963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 4. Related Parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As disclosed below in Note 5, previous&#13;balances owed to related parties, a significant shareholder and a company controlled by a director and significant shareholder,&#13;have been fully paid.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As disclosed below in Note 6, members&#13;of management, directors, and members of their families, participated in $635,000 of the total $2,670,000 convertible notes offering.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 5. Short-Term Notes Payable&#13;(Related and Unrelated)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2013, we closed an offering&#13;of $775,000 in short-term notes payable (&amp;#8220;Short-Term Notes&amp;#8221;), $500,000 of which was purchased by a significant shareholder&#13;and $100,000 was purchased by a company controlled by a director and significant shareholder. The Short-Term Notes bear interest&#13;at a rate of 2% per annum and were due and payable on December 20, 2014. We also issued 1,291,667 warrants to the Short-Term Note&#13;holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common&#13;stock at a price of $0.45 per share, may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of five years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with the guidance in ASC&#13;Topic 470-20 &lt;i&gt;Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 470&amp;#8221;), we first calculated the fair value of the warrants&#13;issued and then determined the relative value of the Short-Term Notes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The relative value of the warrants was&#13;$298,232, which was the amount recorded as debt discount to the short-term notes. The amounts recorded as debt discount were amortized&#13;over the one-year term, and accreted to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately&#13;52% but paid cash at a rate of 2% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We exercised our right to extend the&#13;due date of the Short-Term Notes to September 20, 2015. The extended Short-Term Notes bear at the rate of 3% per annum and required&#13;us to issue additional warrants (&amp;#8220;Extension Warrants&amp;#8221;). We issued 898,842 Extension Warrants to the Short-Term Note&#13;holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each Extension Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share&#13;of our common stock at a price of $0.485 per share, may be exercised on a cashless basis and are exercisable for a period of three&#13;years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed above, we accounted for&#13;the warrants as per the guidance in ASC 470. The relative value of the Extension Warrants, $164,638, was the amount recorded as&#13;the new debt discount. The amounts recorded as debt discount were being amortized over the six-month term of the note, and accreted&#13;to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 53% but pay cash at a rate of 3%&#13;per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the Extension Warrant,&#13;$0.23 per share, was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 20, 2015, some of the Short-Term&#13;Notes were amended again, and some of the Short-Term Notes were redeemed. Short-Term Notes totaling $700,000 were amended to provide&#13;for repayment on June 20, 2015 of 50% of the face value, plus accrued interest to that date ($10,500), and extension of the remaining&#13;balance until September 20, 2015, and the interest rate on the notes that were extended was adjusted to 10%. The remaining Short-Term&#13;Notes were fully redeemed on June 20, 2015. One such note in the amount of $25,000 was redeemed for cash, and one such note in&#13;the amount of $50,000 was redeemed for 71,429 shares of our common stock. As a result of the above described amendments and redemptions&#13;of the Short-Term Notes, all remaining unamortized debt discount was expensed as of June 20, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 6. Convertible Notes (Related&#13;and Unrelated)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2012, we closed an offering&#13;of $440,000 of convertible notes. The notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable on September 6, 2013.&#13;In addition, the notes were convertible, at any time after the original issue date until the notes are no longer outstanding, into&#13;our common stock at a conversion price of $0.372 per share. We also issued 956,519 warrants to the note holders for the right to&#13;purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $0.46&#13;per share for a term of seven years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;When the convertible notes were due,&#13;we settled the notes by repaying $40,000 of the notes in cash, issuing new convertible notes in the amount of $400,000 and received&#13;payment for another note in the amount of $20,000. The new notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum and were due and payable&#13;on September 6, 2015. In addition, the new notes were convertible at any time after the original issue date until the new notes&#13;are no longer outstanding, into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.25 per share. We also issued warrants to the new note&#13;holders for the right to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common&#13;stock at a price of $0.25 per share. There were 1,680,000 warrants issued. The warrants issued with the original notes were cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with the guidance in ASC&#13;470, we first calculated the fair value of the warrants issued and then determined the relative value of the notes and determined&#13;that there was a beneficial conversion feature.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $0.13&#13;per share ($216,531 in the aggregate), was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The relative value of the warrants to&#13;the notes was $142,873, which was the amount recorded as a portion of the debt discount. We also recorded a beneficial conversion&#13;feature on the convertible notes of $125,905. The amounts recorded as debt discount are being amortized over the two-year term,&#13;and accreted to interest expense. We estimated the effective interest rate as calculated to be approximately 74% but will be paying&#13;cash at a rate of 12% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2015, all of the&#13;associated debt discount has been amortized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During September 2015, all of the holders&#13;of the convertible notes elected to convert the then outstanding $420,000 of notes, and accumulated interest of $21,955 to our&#13;common stock. We issued 1,767,822 shares of our common stock in conversion of these notes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During late 2015, we raised $2,670,000&#13;through the issuance of convertible promissory notes. The notes bore interest at a rate of 10% and matured in one year. Upon completion&#13;of an equity financing which occurred during the first quarter of 2016, holders of approximately 96% of these notes elected to&#13;convert all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest under the notes into the class of equity issued in such financing&#13;on the same terms as the other investors concurrently with the closing of such financing. The balance of the notes, $100,000, and&#13;accrued interest of $5,498 was repaid in cash. During late 2015 we also issued 1,335,000 warrants to the note holders for the right&#13;to purchase shares of our common stock. Each warrant entitled the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of&#13;$1.00 per share for a term of five years. Of the aggregate offering amount, $635,000 of the notes and warrants to purchase up to&#13;317,500 shares of common stock were placed with members of the Company&amp;#8217;s management, including officers and directors of&#13;the Company, and family members of certain officers and directors.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;There was no outstanding balance at&#13;December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2015, the balance of the notes was comprised of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes (including related party)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,720,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Debt discount (warrant value)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(554,462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Debt discount (issuance costs paid)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(69,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,095,871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We did not record any discount for beneficial&#13;conversion as the conversion terms were unknown at the time of issuance. The conversion price was set during the February 2016&#13;equity transaction. At that time the Company evaluated whether a beneficial conversion feature should have been recorded, and concluded&#13;that no such beneficial conversion feature needed to be recorded.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants, $0.586&#13;per share ($782,863 in the aggregate), was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;77.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 7. Long term Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Long term debt at December 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, consists of installment agreements on one and three vehicles, respectively, maturing on different dates through June&#13;2020. The installment agreements, are with one financial institution and bear no interest. Monthly payments are $320 per month.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The annual maturities of long term debt&#13;as of December 31, 2016, are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We lease office space under non-cancelable&#13;operating leases, which expires on March 31, 2019. The aggregate minimum requirements are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;132,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;167,530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 9. Stockholders&amp;#8217; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the nine months ended December&#13;31, 2015, we increased our authorized capitalization to 300,000,000 shares of stock, consisting of 295,000,000 shares of common&#13;stock, par value $0.000001per share, and 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, par value $0.000001. During the nine-months&#13;ended December 31, 2015, our Board of Directors also unanimously approved and adopted the Barfresh Food Group, Inc. 2015 Equity&#13;Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). The maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to awards under the Plan is 15,000,000&#13;shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the nine months ended December&#13;31, 2015, we issued 141,477 shares of common stock, valued at $83,000, for services.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the nine-months ended December&#13;31, 2015 we granted the right to 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to a director of the Company who during the period&#13;became an officer of the Company. The stock vests 50% on each of the second and third anniversary of the issuance. In accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;), compensation expense in the amount of $166,667 for&#13;the nine months ended December 31, 2015, was recognized in the statement of operations. In addition, we granted the right to 450,000&#13;shares of restricted stock to two other officers in connection with employment agreements entered into during the nine months ended&#13;December 31, 2015. In accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;), compensation expense&#13;in the amount of $78,467 for the nine months ended December 31, 2015 was recognized in the statement of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the nine months ended December&#13;31, 2015, we issued 1,985,000 options to purchase our common stock to officers and employees of the Company. In addition, we cancelled&#13;10,000 options to purchase our common stock. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.50 to $0.82 per share, and the options&#13;are exercisable for periods of between 5 and 8 years. The options vest under a variety of vesting schedules.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the options ($1,345,317&#13;in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model, based on the criteria shown below, and are being&#13;written off the life of each option.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.5 to 8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;78% to 99 %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.38% to 2.11 %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2016 we issued 28,277,339 shares&#13;of our common stock (&amp;#8220;Shares&amp;#8221;) and warrants to purchase 14,033,438 Shares (&amp;#8220;Warrants&amp;#8221;) for aggregate gross&#13;proceeds to the Company of $18,812,690. Of these total amounts 24,598,674 Shares were issued for cash of $16,457,150; 3,502,327&#13;Shares were issued for Conversion of Debt in the amount of $2,242,692; and 176,328 Shares were issued in settlement of debt in&#13;the amount of $112,849. Of the total 14,033,438 Warrants issued during 2016, 3,877,186 are priced at $1,00; 7,812,500 are priced&#13;at $0.88, and 2,343,752 are priced at $.0.75. The 2016 financing activity occurred in three separate private placements with accredited&#13;investors. In the first transaction, we issued 7,754,373 Shares and five year Warrants priced at $1.00 to purchase up to 3,877,186&#13;Shares, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $6,203,498. The first transaction consists of two components: a new equity&#13;raise in the amount of $3,570,000 and the conversion into common equity of $2,633,498 of principal and interest of convertible&#13;promissory notes previously issued during the fourth quarter of 2016. In the second transaction, we sold 4,687,504 Shares and five&#13;year Warrants priced at $.75 to purchase up to 2,343,752 Shares, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $3,000,000. In&#13;the third transaction, we sold 15,625,000 Shares, and five year Warrants priced at $.88 to purchase up to 7,812,500 shares for&#13;aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $10,000,000. During 2016 we also converted $52,613 of debt into 210,455 shares of stock,&#13;related to the note that was settled for most investors during 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In additions to the warrants discussed&#13;above we issued 171,368 warrants to placement agents who worked on the above describe financings.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the warrants described&#13;above, in the aggregate of $6,189,196, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, with an&#13;allocation of the proceeds applied to the warrants. The fair value of the warrants has been included in the total additional paid&#13;in capital. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75.56%-78.12% %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.23%-1.83% %&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2016,&#13;the holder of warrants to purchase shares of common stock exercised their rights and purchased 1,250,000 shares of common stock&#13;for an aggregate price of $715,000. In addition, the holders of 620,000 warrants exercised their right to a cash-less conversion&#13;and received 1,214,017 shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Also during the year ended December&#13;31, 2016 we issued 64,599 shares of stock to a member of our board of directors in lieu of $50,000 in director fees due and 60,878&#13;shares of common stock in lieu of cash for legal fees. We valued the shares based on the trading value on the date issued.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In addition, during the year ended December&#13;31, 2016 we issued 50,000 shares of stock at a price of $0.51 per share in exchange for outstanding options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2016,&#13;we issued 1,893,442 options to purchase our common stock to employees of the Company. In addition, we cancelled 56,000 options&#13;to purchase our common stock. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.6129 to $0.83 per share, and are exercisable for&#13;a period of 8 years and have varying vesting periods of up to three years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of the options ($883,490&#13;in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model, based on the criteria shown below, and are being&#13;expensed over the vesting period of each option.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5.5 to 8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volatility (based on a comparable company)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;74.09% to 82.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk Free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.24% to 1.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Dividend yield (on common stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The total amount of equity based compensation&#13;for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the nine months ended December 31, 2015 included in additional paid in capital was $1,133,149&#13;and $630,395, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of outstanding&#13;stock options issued to employees and directors as of December 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of &amp;#160;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price &amp;#160;per share &amp;#160;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average &amp;#160;remaining term &amp;#160;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate intrinsic &amp;#160;value at date of grant &amp;#160;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding April 1, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,600,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45 -.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,985,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.47 -.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,575,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,893,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.61 - .83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(56,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,362,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,580,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.45 - .54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 10. Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of all outstanding&#13;warrants as of December 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price per share $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term &amp;#160;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate &amp;#160;intrinsic value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placements of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;26,735,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25 - 1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;161,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,525,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.48 &amp;#8211; 1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 11. Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income tax provision (benefit) for the&#13;year ended December 31, 2016 and the nine months ended December 31, 2015 is summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,878,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,712,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(279,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(167,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,157,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,888,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Increase in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,157,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,888,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs&#13;from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax&#13;effect of the differences are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Components of the net deferred income&#13;tax assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,766,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,708,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(7,766,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,708,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 740 requires a valuation allowance&#13;to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of evidence, it is more than likely than not that some portion&#13;or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative,&#13;management has determined that a $7,766,100 and $4,708,800 allowance at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is necessary&#13;to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The change in the valuation allowance&#13;for the current period is $3,157,300.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2016, we have a net&#13;operating loss carry forward of approximately $21,088,800. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used,&#13;this carry forward will expire as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 82%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;345,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,840,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,324,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,987,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,061,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,464,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 12. Business Segments and Customer&#13;Concentrations.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2016&#13;and the nine months ended December 31, 2015, we operate in only one segment and sold only in the United States&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All of our assets are located in the&#13;United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,194,960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;82.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;161,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,356,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;93.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a breakdown of customers&#13;representing more than 10% of sales for the nine months ended December 31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue from customer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Percentage of total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;373,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;85.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;37,276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;428,610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;98.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 13. Transitional Reporting Year&#13;&amp;#8211; Comparison of audited results for the year ended December 31, 2016 to the unaudited results for the year ended December&#13;31, 2015. This comparison is provided because the previous audited period was a nine month transitional period ending December&#13;31, 2015.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,457,499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;490,905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;772,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;280,648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;684,672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;210,257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,415,933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,819,183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation and Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;208,164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;174,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,624,547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,994,075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(9,939,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,783,818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;250,850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;424,245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Loss on extinguishment of debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,190,725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(7,225,920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Per share information - basic and fully diluted:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;95,857,003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;89,437,799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 14. Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;(&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 820, &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(&amp;#8220;ASC 820&amp;#8221;), provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required&#13;about fair value measurements. Specifically, ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing&#13;the inputs to valuation techniques, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities&#13;and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Quoted prices are&#13;available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included&#13;in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices, such as equities listed on the New York Stock&#13;Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Pricing inputs are&#13;other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types&#13;of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with&#13;models using highly observable inputs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Significant inputs&#13;to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with&#13;inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation, such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine&#13;the fair value of financial transmission rights.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are comprised of patents,&#13;net of amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent, which is twenty years from&#13;the date of filing the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;350&amp;#8221;), the costs of internally developing other intangible assets, such as patents, are expensed as incurred. However, as&#13;allowed by ASC 350, costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties, legal fees and similar costs relating&#13;to patents have been capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant, and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property, plant, and equipment is stated&#13;at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis&#13;over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of&#13;the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated&#13;useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Furniture and fixtures: 5&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Manufacturing Equipment: 7&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Leasehold improvements: 2&#13;years&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rent Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes is determined&#13;in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;). Under this method,&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial&#13;statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences&#13;are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized&#13;in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model&#13;for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements, uncertain tax positions taken&#13;or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements&#13;when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must&#13;initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized&#13;upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time, new accounting pronouncements&#13;are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not&#13;yet effective may have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is in the initial stages&#13;of evaluating the effect of the standard on our financial statements and continue to evaluate the available transition methods.&#13;However, based on our initial evaluation, we do not expect there to be material changes to our current Revenue Recognition policies&#13;due to the non-complex contracts with our customers, including the definition of our performance obligations and the transaction&#13;prices in our contracts with our customers. The Company does not plan to adopt the standard until the interim period ended March&#13;31, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Interest-Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost&lt;/i&gt;. The guidance requires an entity to&#13;present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent&#13;with debt discounts, rather than as an asset. Amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.&#13;Debt issuance costs related to revolving credit arrangements, however, will continue to be presented as an asset and amortized&#13;ratably over the term of the arrangement. ASU 2015-03 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 including&#13;interim periods within those annual periods. Early application is permitted, and upon adoption, ASU 2015-03 should be applied on&#13;a retrospective basis. We have adopted ASU 2015-03 and it has not had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;, which simplifies the measurement principle of inventories valued under the First-In, First-Out (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;)&#13;or weighted average methods from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective&#13;for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 including interim periods within those annual periods. We do not expect&#13;the standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU&#13;2015-17, &lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;, which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified&#13;as noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,&#13;including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual&#13;reporting period. Upon adoption, ASU 2015-17 may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption&#13;of this guidance to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02, &lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;, to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. This ASU will require organizations that&#13;lease assets (&amp;#8220;lessees&amp;#8221;) to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset on its balance sheet for all leases&#13;with terms of more than twelve months. A lease liability is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease,&#13;measured on a discounted basis and a right-of-use asset represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use, or control use of, a specified&#13;asset for the lease term. The amendments in this ASU simplify the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because&#13;lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. This ASU leaves the accounting for the organizations that own the assets&#13;leased to the lessee (&amp;#8220;lessor&amp;#8221;) largely unchanged except for targeted improvements to align it with the lessee accounting&#13;model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is in the initial stages&#13;of evaluating the effect of the standard on our financial statements and continue to evaluate the available transition methods.&#13;However, based on our initial evaluation, we do not expect there to be material changes to both our current and long-term lease&#13;liabilities and our fixed assets of our limited number of operating leases that will be converted to financing leases under the&#13;new guidance. The Company does not plan to adopt the standard until the interim period ended March 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,&#13;Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. This ASU&#13;simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including (i) income tax consequences,&#13;(ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, (iii) whether to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they&#13;occur and (iv) classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning&#13;after December 31, 2016. Early adoption will be permitted with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year&#13;of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;There was no outstanding balance at&#13;December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2015, the balance of the notes was comprised of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible notes (including related party)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,720,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Debt discount (warrant value)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(554,462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Debt discount (issuance costs paid)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(69,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The annual maturities of long term debt&#13;as of December 31, 2016, are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate minimum requirements are&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For years ending December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;132,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;167,530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of all outstanding&#13;warrants as of December 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercise price per share $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Average remaining term &amp;#160;in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate &amp;#160;intrinsic value at date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placements of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;26,735,640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.25 - 1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;161,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,525,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;.48 &amp;#8211; 1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_BRFH_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExerciseOfWarrantsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_AmortizationOfUnearnedServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExerciseOfWarrantsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_DebtSettledForStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_DebtSettledForStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationAndExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_AmortizationOfUnearnedServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuanceOfCommonStockExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_InterestRelatedToDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_AmortizationOfUnearnedServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForPurchaseOfOtherAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ProceedsFromIssuanceofExerciseOfWarrantAndOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionNoncashFinancialOrEquityInstrumentConsiderationSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_OutstandingWarrantsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_WarrantsOutstandingDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_TransitionalReportingYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_TransitionalReportingYearTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_EstimatedUsefulLivesOfAssetsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedForFairValueOfWarrantTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ScheduleOfFairValueOfWarrantUsingBlackSholesOptionPricingModelTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_OutstandingWarrantsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SummaryOfOutstandingWarrantsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_TransitionalReportingYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ScheduleOfTransitionalReportingYearTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_CashOnDepositExceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_PropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_EquipmentNotYetPlacedInService'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_ShareholderandDirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=BRFH_ConvertibleNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuanceOfWarrantsToPurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ShortTermDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuanceOfWarrantsToPurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ShorttermNotesExtendDueDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NoteRedeemedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=BRFH_NoteOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_WarrantPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleRemainingDiscountAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=BRFH_ExtensionWarrantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BRFH_SignificantShareholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BRFH_DirectorAndSignificantShareholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BRFH_OnetoaRelatedPartyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BRFH_OnetoaUnrelatedPartyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_RemainingBalanceOfConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedToPurchaseOfCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ClassOfWarrantOrRightsPeriodFromWhichWarrantsOrRightsExercisable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromOtherDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_DebtDiscountAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleCarryingAmountOfTheEquityComponent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedCapitalizedInterestCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=BRFH_ConvertiblePromissoryNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedToPurchaseOfCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_PercentageOfNotesConvertedIntoEquityInstrument'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=BRFH_ConvertiblePromissoryNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedToPurchaseOfCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=BRFH_WarrantOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=BRFH_WarrantTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ConvertibleNotesIncludingRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_DebtDiscountWarrantValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_DebtDiscountIssuanceCostsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=BRFH_OneVehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=BRFH_TwoVehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=BRFH_ThreeVehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalUnitsAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesPurchasedForAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsToPurchaseOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_AggregateOfWarrantsDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_AggregateOfWarrantsDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_EquityRaiseConversionCommonShareEquityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsAdditionsIssuedToPlacementAgentsDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuedWarrantPricedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_WarrantsExercisableTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuedWarrantPricedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_WarrantsExercisableTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_MaximumNumberOfSharesPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuedWarrantPricedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_WarrantsExercisableTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_MaximumNumberOfSharesPurchase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_PercentageOfSecondAndThirdAnniversaryIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_TwoAnotherOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_OfficersAndEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesPurchasedForAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_OfficersAndEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_OfficersAndEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_HoldersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsExercisedDruingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_RecievedSharesDuringPeirod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_BoardOfDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharesIssuedForLegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_EmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_EmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_EmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=BRFH_TwoThousandAndFifteenEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=BRFH_FirstIssuanceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuedWarrantPricedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=BRFH_SecondIssuanceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuedWarrantPricedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=BRFH_ThirdIssuanceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_IssuedWarrantPricedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=BRFH_EmployeeStockOptionOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=BRFH_EmployeeStockOptionOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=BRFH_EmployeeStockOptionOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsIssuableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_EmployeesAndDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=BRFH_EmployeesAndDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharebasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharebasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharebasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_SharebasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_ExpirationDateAxis=BRFH_ExpirationYearEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardFutureExpirationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=BRFH_CustomerAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=BRFH_CustomerBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=BRFH_CustomerRepresentingMoreThanTenPercentageOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=BRFH_CustomerCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=BRFH_CustomerDMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BRFH_TransitionalReportingYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
&ULS9+/2@,Q$(=?17+?G:0+5<)V+Q5/H(%Q5M(IFUP\X=D9+=O;W9M
MMX@^@
?





!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS
&UL?5;M;ML@%'T5RP]0#/@K51*I235MTB95G=;])@E)K-K& Y)T
M;S_ KN?=?_8@


M.0K9



M]^A?W.+-8G9






@ @F2(922
8-C&F803BJP 8.J

A1<S.9Y
Y

M95^;]!TMNJ'N0F/QM_X'4$L#!!0    ( !F!?DH165BJ'@0  /82   8


M7E?G;I4=^_[RE.?=[ACJLOO27


R+V47MDWU
AZO41(WB1TEYU'BP0FOY0*U8%W5@C-^]&L

N;
:P90\U89
:05A047F
SC$P6W@+OQK)N


5*%
U9BI06H(E=AB1
ZDNYXD*%*D83QM.@Y$!E*A&Q+^$&1ZI
M0)FJ

X#3%#@?J9&9ZG0(%J


4*$\-X1?#7.*&TA1\

]$(#AL&6





M-4C(+CL#WC&


M7+B@S1A%HC3H=7C6K7[VPTR2C3:W(1P-X60(XIN&:#1$A@$


*9)%PJ2EL1_9

MI[Y;62L%01; *
S



MJZ@VAV7\!(];4!VA1_R;FVLSN8^Z5%ZM_=X]?-LO8](I

84


;ID=:F$!'







#




WJM^

M7P^O^Z:]L5@MS_FK^]
U?YT?*W^UN&;9'8[N5!_*TZQR+P_S7\1])J$-Z!!_



=S6=3=W]GS6]V4QSZ+'\HQ_W[Y/)RZSX_+?XSJP_@ Z /@&@#P:8#L


6KV_@8E7N!F YRZB 60384(E0DE0'4

M&)-HJ8$G
BR188CP@TLQN.*-(6.)980G*9U.M)V&9(9
]9!K4+5EJ[9
U6@I

X*'S[@O0

MBPC+-0.BY4]CT@#




ME.&CSUV NV#Y]*B_$+S!$)S#P 9.4.\ RGMZ



BT4FD$TFQ6&B-+
M7';*4-)N!VCB**

P&0!A

&\


V#$CJ&!(#^(3!(.] )2)1

4_ZRQNWC^T[ZC^R*O7

MOGQ;_0]02P
$%     @ &8%^2KID2]F^ 0  UP

M2'=3*RV8=:9NB.DULH$4YHDEP3P3J)BRSXCKK(U&!Y)^&HD1F$8/KM %R-

4/S+(BTVI$.O:^9_Z)TSUUO2F]
M,[0BW#GQQGG/19I^R<C9$TV80\30)69&$,<^IZ!K*0[T_W:K!-L5C5N L'F
M \$GK:K!-M L/U 0/\I,F*N T8&S,TN21:]B'G(HK$=!-&RJ!2#3*
\\([
M3^T=#0_S#H\C_Y/III

M854_?2

M+;9]5A(F



ZZU]VN;O];I6WS?C/7\X\'7S;/+_WP8'&[/-3/




Z
M:LR9)KA+R5I*]$FQR 9.+@QRL3*B.!E6@Y087 /!=M)8G[::7$ P/8
8 ]

U%48XPCSU[GM93I2@45L!VM





0]9(R HP

MS6F%V#  84Y1E ^%3
=@T)H@9Z0M[6XP'0U()7D6M (B 6LCV:B]=4&[TN!C
M/!J03EJ^F@&1- 08.J0%IN',!L)L%&L'R2Q9V0& E3!*E?*J@C3D0 =Q0)

AN
*6VJ[MJ@%K+44N2
MH,8'U$TR6FD?0!BR!#+Y^R* #Y!=@YB%=U@Q!) K.6()8#.X($=&:QH!^.5
M %YY]K4B0

0JS[G2@1B&
MM@70=AS:5N*8US6=B4EAU)6*MK!:6PQNJ^5J[0J)NL68M0S?$^PLI*?+@3-
M7Q,@,WFF%+AO,64MHP?U!40B=7ZYYI+*X534 NZMQ04]$*CI.10OV['EO
MYN11JA2:O*=T5)HVF(T6L-%S-DZB\W/;/)$]/X=; QT?\


MFJ





M_':%!U J$'D9WQ=.NJ8

H]XO0!



T65+AV



M(B_CY\Q)EY0!N#Z_L7^


M661;:CI-F[1)4:=UGXE]ME&!\P#'W;\?8-?S-FM?@#ONO7MW'-F ]L6U )Z\


5_ABNH
M$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0M7L==FK0/X\WM;H*M _@$X#/@D/*P
5%2_EYX

K4AW0;P+WFNQO;O/V#4233&G
88O8^8(%MCG


MH.E0=



[6;38S%()!=H)HXF%

QS
(T.5*:7L=)

M3339G%$_L^VT)0=




73 !@0=

.:*


0

MK[%VK.4L'-P9^=26OLGH#24E5**7_M$

='$E

+2E'B==Q;'?=AO$GX!%L'\ G 9\!-S
/&1%'YO? B3ZT9B!U[WXGP


D+[SRPM_$1

$%     @ &8%^2B^HJM.T 0  T@

NXRS;NPWC#]Q-L'< G )\!AYB'C8FB\L_B3PU.! S]KX3X8FW1^Y[
M4P1G;$6\\^*M]U[S[?Z0LFL@FF).8PQ?QLP1S+//*?A:BA/_!\[7X;M5A;L(
MW_VA
%DG2%8)DDB0_+?$M9A/?R5ABYYJ


O






F2.89Y]3\+441_X/G*_#MZL*MQ&^?:/P
M/_EWJP2[2+#[L

M

M9TB:95NT+X-W_.S,=EH[+-K 3QYU:IS.6V][X^,N;(%+=R-Z:'#F]I8+3R:
MMF&NMRJ-**\=WN ]-=K3(HN]LB\P
7LD.SI:X06MAWTZ@S)C3A+X[GF33
M^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+5IL8:FDALY)TQ$+=4[ODN



MIP=**JC%H/R3&;_ 7


$96Q'O4+Q#
M[[5(#ON

M96/_:V
\H)3=#8Y0BQ]L
134/AP_XME.8S89WO3S#V++-RY^ 5!+ P04

M(




MB Z\E

M@__1GRU:;&&IA0+MA-'$0E/0N]WQM _Q



KXAV*=^B]EKO#(6?7
M0#3'G*:8=!VS1#!D7U*D6RE.Z2MXN@W/-A5F$9[]H_!VFV_2;/!/LW2]R(




MW&\7N 

M

C

96Q#LOWGKOI4P^)#F[!*(Y
MYCC%I.N8)8)Y]B5%NI7BF/X%3[?A^TV%^PC?_Z;P'P39)D$6;+_EK@5L_\C
M5OU5(%IXS194N&@XR2OO
O@!WW'OW[CC2

.#@^5I)VKX!OY[=[)H

Q3\'X6F9T$P2!@L('!H';




MT@

BVDH466



M?R^\*#*+ [%C[SL1GWA[Y*$W972F5J2[(-X%[[78WM]F[!J)IIC3&
.7
7
$

GIE?U@ZF=_$'H6
M32SGNF6=K'D7';9ACMXWL/:&%C$KYH]Y&P<F%.G+^9R=?S-HR-1ZQA)V4H
MJ'[=V0MK&L.D_?@SDH:3IC&<CS_8/]O@=3!'*MD+;W[79U5MPR(,SNQ;XUZ

Q

P6!0[%(A[D%"^?,./ 4!JG2N#@9*/3KX20!(F9/



M+W-H965T
C


*VGG?'QES50=:N!OLP82;
M!JT6/IBV9:ZW(.I$THKQ++MC6DA#RSSYSK;

MU?$DV\Y'!ROS7K3P#?SW_FR#Q1:56FHP3J(A%IJ/NR.IT/$)\ /:-;G4FL
MY(+X'(W/=4&SF! HJ'Q4$&&[PB

M






MLG)M3N\HJ: 6@W+/.#[!7



M965T

!Q

:V'_G$9(:,)_7 \
MR;KQP<'RM!,U/(/_V9TM6FQ6*:6&UDG3$@M51N^3XVD7\!'P2\+@%F<2*KD8
M\Q*,;V5&-R$A4%#XH!PN\(#*!6$

MZ9N

F&*
PRL65%+WS1D\JF(H6;^
N


MV*T*[*+ [I\2]Y]*7


V&MYTTP]B\S?.WP%0
M2P
$%     @ &8%^2H'!'$6X 0  T@


Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[ WVT/F;&HT6


MN3:G!THJJ




78/0C#E-&+[[!8$\^I++X5XL3?T?DV?;^9X3[2]^OH=^FV


M965T




^*)R


M!&F4( T$Z5H_^7918@23?N%R%Q7910B2Y$8YK(2LKHX;H)3]:@4@U=:)=5



H*D





D+
M[SRP]SR^R5_X..T_A*EE:\D%G7_9V/\*T8%/97/C1ZCQ'VPV%%0N'/?^;
8Q
M&PV'W?2#V/R-\W=02P
$%     @ &8%^2L5I9T.X 0  T@
  !D   !X;]W
M;W)K
70/1''.:8O@J9K=$
&1?)/B6Q(G_ ^?;


!;4/QW=XMM.8
M388W_?R#V/*-B]]02P

M*5N0S-RH'CIW4BLMF76F;HCI-; J!$E!Z&9S2R3C'2ZRX#OI(E.#%;R#DT9F

:ZAS?;P_'
MU.


M/?
B55HV3


MT@




H%85
M&K\F33J'C,3E^4W]8ZH]U'(5#IY0_925;W-ZI*26O3*/^/P:9Z[BF9BO\
M-U !'C
)
4I4+JVD[)U'/:F$5+1X'7=ITCZ
\MX+?'S)VBT(3YCQB^ *SG1$L
MJ,\A^%J(,_^/SM?IN]4,=XF^6T8_'M8%]JL^R2P_Z?$AW<EKF&.[X*P14\U


HI(=P!   !


BYX;6QU5-N.VR 0_17$!RP.




7X-P)
MV3)^S9IXL73$]?ZN_M'W;GNY






RYX;6QU4^UNVR 4?17$ Q2')&T:V9::3M
F
M;5+4:=UO8E_;J& \P''W]KM@U_


MXGJMA?UU F6&C&[HF^-)UHT/#I:GG:CA&_COW=FBQ6:54FIHG30ML5!E]&%S


RU 0  T@
  !D   !X



Y9RX




7V ^$
RKSR'X6H@#_X_.

8Q
M&PV'W?2#V/R-\[]02P

R =M.+F2&B#N#C2D\,ZNB@G!KL^*X;.PVJ6[O(E6U'BYR<.:Y;










MV^HC
'B*5IB&\.Q=
MA1


F*/U!+




ML(]L



MWE1RCPKB31#=-HS

S@N



GM
GZ/[TO
K8%#
M_*SDN9^


M
D]0B
L9+]!







M?95M;YLP$

MLCA

1M%F

[)$6:N2B&1X
M 1/
ON@&Q-4V/^F5_-;:QCNS3OWU$=F.\X?FO-W*JYU*[T35[JOV*__PKD
M#1
^Z!NJ]/]@6CX*#--]5P,77%8*-Z-#3^8_CK[OU!+ P04      9@7Y*



]X1J8;\BL3 @50FJ*
(

O

M0*&4VH&HY@ZO0*DV4FG\G3W=!:D#U_V'^Q=3NZKE0@2\




.8UEW




(*!0*\- ]'!B@U1%K&GYD3+25-XO7\
MC?VS]:Z]'(F$BM/??:.Z CVBH(&6G*EZYM
7F/TD*)C-?X
+4 TW2G2-FE-I

V3M


:C&#*Y%F&_V[



)Q=8?M^I*U
L+FSW&74%L^YO#_@__=3O6='<_EH+%\_C'\A@GD8,GV2
M*6:%





MA6'S8








RYX;6QM5.V.VR 0?!7$ QPV29QK


MRL'PMH.+0GH0@JG?9^!RS',[XF7MFZ,2Y \[5D-W\'\Z_*1F1A*5L!G6YE
MAQ14&7Z*3^?$X3W@M851K_;(=7*5\LT%7\H


'2%B1




V%/P501^P$J\2 ]M ;




^XQTKK=MWT36


MO/U67;YJTR$1!J;WO^LWG7?P/I..8UOES? 9;%^;MBI
*UTJ1?9S_#Z5P_=E

!T@1(*Z5H'*QA]-=9

MCCL;PMDDX$;X+ !/C3 )RE:.:Y&C!PPY3@IB8CC&/,(R

M$M\2C6/FML53G(N$N4C09ZO*5@@C

MR(M NWDD%#!Y#(M@C9-/B)Q@E1
@\]2V(@-*;_H;?R'
0X1E3EQMNA5)@-)
M%,PW+%C%!$@T]66+-4J23XPL5B !$K0-=&U MQWF'!@;PMW3$!8K 6I-N9T2
M CFOVON@Z=L6YH0=MFNT:@U#++#00EGF2P[F2?6HG
X+41 ;.2F5C8%.U

&$)YAP@[
M%P7.I6(['1=$E:_;V+@H

;1KL;;0!391V


M!9*^K1(#NC4S1OHS-8LJNCE_+71]&$[/FV!;O99M?VIX\_1Z0O\X'%I;SY?D


M;+5JI5:*MNKVV2&3@-;&K.V$[=_7-H2F82+E!7N&
^?




MK_X[G(%;N
O$:A22:_\-BI
V4O0L-A7!/KNUJOW:]OR7
#P@[@/B(2!*?2V=
MD

&UL=531CILP

^C
-;XK4]-]HF4)'W] P_0/_L
RV2.
[1U1)-
MF










M-'






MAF_%X@)J



Q**R2GV@SE&:M1 FU


M S7-%9Z 

MZ2LL]:0!6HK_#E=@1FXS
8Q:
.6^J+XH+?CB8E+A]&UN^\&UT[R2ITN8/X L
M 60-('
M

M+9K#K$;34358.-_PHA7@AQ!O'6($_\!K'7('8&J3
8G $)H_PFS5F4;43Q







$%     @ &8%^2KT8G2ZX
M 0  T@





B





$%     @ &8%^2H8KRDO7

K%@4&G+0,UR
M@Q=@S!(9&W]GSG1M(7K_9W]B^O=]'*FEX$^]/5NBW?1C4T- KTZ]B_ IS
M/UD8S
U_AQLP [=.C$8EF'+/H+HJ+?C



&
MKS QCA8


MF0(MAOD60


M@*+#MM?7Y)(8M7V9?4FZ;[][BGL6_W1]?='$#B51$G^D1/'ZK=I_/3R593W[








D/T?
-(1RO9!O8%FI]XK
P*=+G=<
M!C-N .

8

M*(V#T;8 ;2=U@8FU$Z*MPR Z!&)NEXZ#:'T

M%YR#P\ Z/\$R

A+2XN)=2C&
M/D
9;.
M9I(]9MLCMG/;!$*B;7K
M0?(

MT2


M]L+!V&-@?9RPB9A%#UCDB\OSY?;

M1BQ


F3K4LD%*1Q
&$!1#OV% F$Q.@1



8%$4D)5A;H@
!(2JB94 #(*,174D*I@YIPO2,EU# H5,3 )]Y+G3YI
MRPH+M0D*!,DH<$!*J#E0$PZ6I(2J P5PBJPD0Z&<R[D+)RFA1$$AJ(1[(FA
M]D!-2(*25










.Y(C;W
M98O18RY5;E&!R%M43!YSH9+$5Q$
%9
W%!5#Q28TNQ2()/&T5(;)8Q/Z70I$
MDGBZ*L/D
025YQ'/



M7B4P









6DXU=2!\_O7[!^



M@$+(4@YA/&I0#!M
#*0@ML- H
3V& A$/60\;H?^0S


MLC3Q5()] P.6XS3%KV/[=7:419?'+/\XEA?\&0O]C+!(+L5RF:[5H;)DYF

ZZI1R_@=?L016ISX#53
1F2\#+Q4NX/VDY$JT7+




HQZPX#(PP9$)%A'U( EF(--^$TC7&!*TQ<03I%8&G
M@A0E2!U!<D4 . %%2A203)9)0R3XDDR-$F&$-!)D@Z3.4SC
%E*BP1/DZ-I

(2XZ<[1E+E'@J/0<C]




C@K3)

X


MDK:#$W?$E5+
_QR L&'O^NZ[XZ6M&ZD=J
A[7




M#A83S#!I? \YKB'^A$!*P*0BV%)Q%;T,%AD6$.[0SA9IVAH8=S@=FG[0#1

XT(_3\%^DDU!R8:@=)$H60D*?^[:Y'-A&87F *OS5L73LFN
MG9DS,^\T3AX#\P ^X'86?<.\;COAG)E4S\A<]HHQ4J/]Z!J;M3XFPPE=3;
M5.VY'0+6D*P?YQN:AFSQ%U!+ P04      9@7Y*.49DUD  #&!P  &0


!$!&E#
M5;52*T5;M;UVR2@-9C:3MB^?6W#LAR\T=[$IW_&WXS#3-I1]LQ+ &&]U*3A
M.[L4HMTZ#B]*J#%_HTT\N1
68V%7+*+PUL&^*2-:N+XKALY-:X:.TOUWH%E

97(IYH]Q6&@$+;

K<E*-!L^\U_D03AW-)OI9XH\*1 .%;Z+8^ROSP%_<L);XYAL8YR!-@^F
M@@Q.]@8'6RT@\TL4<DB46O-9I'+_*YDAA$:


F)$

MX(&0 2F*UT0&G1\GP7M B1$H
0 M/JY]8@!*V)#
+ ^-WD62%-U8=UP 5
M+,M.+XHFEYFA#$(SE#.IBC6PBVX@WKHM='=:[([-JE'7U?5-WG?X7Y@=JD:

M=#4W+GAM;'V4W8Z;
!%7P7Q &L!)*((&U2K5JIE:*MNKUVR 30VIBU3=B^




M^I]8[0)UF)D.FK



M@E?&)@2[TE]FT(UY6%!XKU-%9SWK6F;B%9W7==-+3^]#]02P
$%     @
6-!W*4U



M

3 B].G;X




OUK&IX ?0(,=Q=(5<YY^89NNE%)= =H??,ON.R3V8L]G:
M37<4[IEI7IG=\SHKLF5TMD)]S*:+@5$,&2(BHSZ4 *S$!J;I$.,"=ICX@32
M#SWFN$*J1.(/D@4. &2J0(1W0_TZIB\E=3--AQK&'


T6_AP
=P-)+^!&/<#

!JFT_5?4$L#!!0

M+GAM;'U4VV[;

MZ%8!+3R)



MH;9S/QH


2YX;6R-5F%OVR 0_2N6
M?T!MP
9VE41*



MF&3N[*++G?O/1*O
ZF65YODBNEBB'K/I
'B$R=*WD*T/00
B


M=!CJ
$VG



V/9/5NZB19M_R2+AG?A
MZC]02P
$%     @ &8%^2E


\SF]B-D?PU930AB#4PN

MF

M*\&-?=V5G?TIX% 8M]W8O1HF8 B
;
?A)M
_3/H?4$L#!!0    ( !F!?DH!



MS_@W@^.9+*ZN_=:=K.V3'W75=

[3X90WIS[-@Q^VR]3,A#9RN[ZP47A+^]V8ZMJ\.0YOD].T]N:@^'\_L/[
MEQ\#^:MZ.S&5?^4^_ZT3'6:[.VAN%3]5W?]U4X!B329HO_=OMO*RP<2O\;.

;D/#3()X/\TT#^U(!/
M!OS3@(=LC:&$W&R+OE@M6G=-VO'G/1?#+J+/W&=_-TR&9(?O?'HZ/_N^DD0L


M)C674+;%
D8)$RH.K:+0D%KJ 56D9(*1GA@!KK*.%4F#P'W%@H-354YW%P


MI50ZU_3!LTD?U!2*^27DIW@G&F(@?01G2!:$,B.=9SYSZ/,1^O0V68'![A

U*[+W_/'R
M27']-/!4GS1ZGBOR1!2Y^Z


J3
MYTE5$$T27-N95



M_1__4.5__


G9]=_.'K

M/^\WT+








MV_0Q=

R6Q'\;5
Z



M\-!+5;3C8L'=[3-] ]Q*OWVN;]1@



G%^G)[W
MV2X'6G4!#_!,?2TGV00J&($H&\#UBWP#X^1('1$QXEOZZ]4-,H:+W?\[&/F
MO@^V;(# L3T8#(YM?33

MC'FG+/)RLRC6F1VVX];?9L AA ZJ(@@JPS]_5Q85$(RRN
T;R%B6#Z]9T\
&

M.)




MD!:F'KMC%;[J.A*#IP'XWVA]%=C2?KU :V($9_$H=3-).TDVWW;A8.Z]%*
MMSKX#5(XO%@5#QW\!K6YA3;JMBS6#HU-D1UO$9N7/^TKD8K@H0(=+X 912'0

0!@IVRU O2S1SE]!AM/(1@P4-
MM0JTFCFHTA7=F![8UXR$L9C!@0YR;MS.?0K2)F)&Y^1(W4$S=$BN=3U0I^HB
MQ#B$;RZ OVH0E -AJ Y=\?6^7-RGC/-N\\_(U;0IG!99MJQX:'W*K0?[DN:F

2E^VB.VFLK=


M)E2#D)NW2%'U5B3&[M+/@9




M@V^O


+RW[S#PW+N9L.&9CT&VVE.<+;??X\A$ =]V&G9[Z4_& 6#=6
M#PBWJQS^8*H+2BB+_7
9E8! @NIWD+SROXZM@LTM#BTH\!&))*VJ)RNAU



8


MYYX2^S***_LX@C;?P )$'&+TS



(!SPGDHD
-Y4*3D!&&IX9*9Z






YI:P[C=KH34XTX;##20?2'WR;CO


M2\;;]9Y $H&L22-ZCG12 F=EAKB03A90250[W9ZR_H'7Z!_(+^.YUM:JFOM@



MS-D%@X0B^3'AGV9X@LS(C*X$$:Q(ET@Z2[HZH9%(HQX):RQVK
[/'M#$01)_
M9:GS
H
U+466*



MAF/#(P!


]S9#F6]&KUG5+HWEG<D.$K] GY=B!Z%+MB^6J?E]6MXQTM%L

MIX@E;HDXP[8MUS ;]6/&B\@V


OFC[_FZL 


ME!




)W(-O3G([
M$,\B%EH3+BC=%EL=X[R;$X7 (J2<@*@5B)U5 _U!32V!HEB(6X1R_XB<CX
ME5'L&H8:):!'N!$[,!H6C!0E0VV(]=F!W+Q

H:
MZ2*K-Z9).N;U;W599!6= KI&



Q3H//F]&W\#ZBL69NS7H!2=
]
6FP
M@0B)P]T^)V+TZSPO3?[G]+SXJU9 $B: WR[*B8_3D\IN(QRYC\7C)!O!91








9_*G(?]7C+^I_*



M\
(5M6!1?\_* M@DE


MY7@#

Y_(DHG;8)@K;6M09W.UX.
)_DWC2'T4M-A=H-NF/XV0P55/X
M=SH;1M;XXO$PHWC6[ZLD3OK]R-A?AO-X
.+!!5T6J
Y3CF#SY/9+)Y.AUK)2Q87


Z;]W.
MVI]#.!T)O9$D9/%O]9_(3=-(3M&!?L^FKZ






'KSNWX2SY-I6HBK-)
DWKO98XK'


M.AM+IB8
62
LB^A0QPT(V+9 *AG S@8R0*#?SWD&C-L;)WB#R%@+2
C_IJH4

1
M4*W7)-?%3Q(=$_13Q+4;K0-[($2L?AE-^Y= ,.@545,G_X=U7'PCK_K]?68=
M@8U_,8YN;@0 +CH;SF?Q,!G&#O#N+$]@^&]RBW"\/5UUE].SV.AVKL3:!E_
M/.OI!W=T2?P#AEKQ@V$6D/!V=HKU)T SWH'6OT_[MHT)@!//9]#5KL[3M6K
MQV@
#P!##2A$EB3_UN?!\UI80/.B!MSL




MX=B_%U%(







5BZ/)$
;25-YU$%O:9P=3\$_J5;+0L^8.X703T


%H'FY0


MR:XA^I&(&(_F

,5=)K,R?IZ$9W!=/WY&+B3
M 5(!'3_)/ #),&8H!$?+:T0.!1!LX7S#6(0 9K_A.GVUU'EZ73V=%=*77?(
M

%=D
C9).C6:











M48:8CH?U$7KH4


M*$&XT]IE'(6@B[BGL


M)![V$[1M*JKK]M38B K@,^_V'.W91\-%C[&9%5+0!H *Y3ZUI3T\T28R!/


M'?-#$D*31UET

MW.2OEY%#1@.Q 55VL


M1[HI:T\;HV.(\-D6'.HRZ+]1#(-UVN.

M*EB+&.8RIA-DXN9U5
3+8&.QMK;?:!V8-30#

'KV+OA!/G&:E$H


W D$
ML5U$SPT1/A\?
^E$C8%+'M+PX]XHT0/0PQG$XYFS=85['_;&6%.N;O)SY]
MR_%6OP$J90(C'(#!FE]DY$8_'P(P
\4_!
*BNJXEH+(/*#;J7
5P$D^3
:;/







O*9X.L1ISY!1'6*L\Q!YTVM'TTUEI
27#1.W+=A 2YF.
MEOD*A9PGT0_$8:+]3I0%6I_NJ#
PAFJ


^M4:%L('R3+2-J ^@RK#&U8?O#5IQ<S&$TN,0/7+)

%5\3OT&JT*_4]%KA6:*?YSWU!K37F
1@3ZLN($PC
M14?+CYDPM%P_B$JN2S42K[*:4SK


_%



M$:+.]W?'


L:.= 4.<E

5/ )4I2LN5_A"?IM'0KKT@VD''#GMK=Q+

3V =F=&5X!A.3$ N*W3O0K KLM5DVK&N!-SZ

MGZ@Q%S]0+=4/GZBI- B?Y!

QO^YFF:M&B?HCFN@2@V3A

QVW

R3M^86MHE@1@LF8E60$.#



MNLYTF[[GZR



M7%&(LT4YZD6D6  @J 8SR0=9T?A#S4Z!K6W9^))6:/&*Z.Z-U(*RJ185-P.
MC8N(]?*4!NNLR=&




XM:
1LL2%V$=M.&GYPV/_KJ@]'&3R_[0






7/E\0 !!&RZ^+%6V6@+W00


MV&Q2&J




M
C



O%T7J4_8=Y!Q&1\7&;$+FML6$/
8RWL6%MW
M+&.
C;HC3JWC3
CD;Q:#I2XQE\UY]$=KW(&J/J0LKF$*8B@Y]B?\R1
MFL_C_F0270=/W-B(O&505

B#8?O+7.



MU!'^ED#LMP1B70G$CI*X3TA ]EM*K=]2:OT:*;6.MUH_HXBN2KU&3ASO'(7\

I&AI1-UW1Z$[@??-A%-^1'J'958!?
MM/D:VT(JG7BN4%Q4P^+M8S(;AU&YP19^I(5JB[2H#UZ/W_@9MW^I3O!.
+#2



NVS;4\
IRTSA'_LL6-1__/-^T_XCB4]+9(DS1]O*HQ
]^!ZL<-8!4 TG14G&O
MII2M]]=N+_6Z8(;9K'<X0[U[$^JUTS *@_9D0MJS8_^A$?#4QNH6I1@O5([


+'8]







M$A
=AOZ$U!- \.
9[JEIPL%GM1&O/\[##

MWK


1_9F:?5J8M[:)I?)
MF%T


M9[ZI/Q


M%!VD_/(H%GG#-[$M\DE7&Z[G @(6 $3I;IL#7#@)$SS[[CU+_PH&7#JA


\CICT@ B)0-)1=L[ .\D_
$[G#


ML-1$')@;&II92.%#MHK;(VP52=/.T7H

M-7J@H6&6CFAKV(!3=Y!YR3..GRGDW*QOQYL@[8[T;


[*DJ^WC/I)0&_R([H^7I;BJ'O?]78U'/';=EL

0#7%0]?;QL(@V]]K
[F^
W2P1\/6+]$A'P[9%%8?*NJ

MA





!3'OXKE(K1):+F4=AM+(L&D24B


(EX

MCUD
@_E;Z/VYZ(5O/[_4[N*C%+
#4^R3'TG/#Z7?BSX2OSQX:?8OS$C^RLA[
MW18G42[XL--3Z!PZ/V(8K!-X2VB9F)&94C1NC:N4/C2 45$BA=8IHO
)[Z


C

[0LBFF]
'\-+_F.]IM#EP?LR4^!(9B8^I9=^:P:[Y%WE9SVMNR
DX R[R?PV87!DPB1
MFSR@%)(\:3U3*JEV8 G!DM%TFW/=XFJ!6[5IIS:_%CF\ 29GWN=\RQ1'0;
M6M?^2U[E_TP\O?Q[9/NO


S
MG*.&JGLS11N
X6!_




M)RV Y @DIX7\R16Q%EMAY=;4E;3N-_;TK54 

M 'F)0%X21[)M&F'?NCBJC5;A



M*PFQ6+X8O6%=



M2(@U\;EU2DOGV$)N0+=KG0^HMO=OQ521$+MB&1K2J7A8U.RKW(61
+;PWU+
M%##%K)$26V/1KIS\UL8$ZVDO^]TNQ;R14GL#2U?2%&*BU0BQ-W#
#&)BWDB)
MO8'E56R\A)B82%)BD?PGN0IL
5EPOT-S(IM46P=:%]4B*26EKT@^3F?2

-!FQ:(92G$%(
M3#H9L71@KC
(AZDF(U8-FO1D4#49.O5%K!HDZ8DAA9B8:C+JV2]
W%D.
3'?
M9-2^03&A;S+
-QFQ;_#\XA%B8K[)B'V#8E[ NB'#O)
<P
M=$)

0)[807J1=P&5
S$(Y

0OE
M)US79AA&-T9?=RV\-QK=,Q.7DM]%$TG\

 L5

M   ( !F!?DJX]0





/++E:K'_5PR..F

@O06_AZ]!;^'H+






WJ756O7Q\=10FVZ[MPSRK8W07C(6RILZ$




MJE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+(6*+(6*+(6*+(61Y1U/.:=




4





RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      9@7Y*/\J3V) #





M965T-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      9@7Y*#JDZX%(%  !0&@  &
&UL4$L! A0#%     @
M&8%^2IJC'ORS 0  T@
  !@              ( !1R

M='

GCM $  -(#   8




M4$L! A0#%     @ &8%^2K%; C^T 0  T@
  !D              ( !\2H


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      9@7Y*I%3H

M=#$S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F!?DHOJ*K3M $  -(#   9




M='






MT@


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ &8%^2ID!W*T 0  T@
  !D





C






O






M

  !D


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      9


T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F!?DH'#VC*6P(  -
'   9


M%     @ &8%^2AB)!FX6 @  U08  !D              ( !VUH  'AL+W=O

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,W+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F!?DJEJ+* PP(  ' *   9                3]?


M% 


M:&5E=#0V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F!?DK:'C'D2 (  /8'   9






M
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      9@7Y*#!VC9(0#   %$@  &0

M?DK\8+(U'0

M+W-H965T-3


4      9@7Y*/7F

M=#4X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F!?DJ^15$+H@(  *D*   9


M='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4      9@7Y*#*6D*\   C@  &0

M Q0    ( !F!?DI3/]$HU $  &T$   9                8JD  !X;]W


4      9@7Y*0M'[LO=)  !W,0$ %               @ %


4      9@7Y*N/4##B,   2)@  &@


@5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     2 !( *H3   M  $    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-17-003038-xbrl.zip


_
#VW)_?




9TY]M@.&:R<9<.33'.(5O;AQO< :^'BQ@&$PNH^_V=NSW\CXM[
MH+*+5SMX\TO\\'HT_/U]X8Q9:-\7@UN/-F#__1 %_2_ISB4S)+^MO ::2?I2



G^8K$/\X]OZ6.'!DK!LX;HM[
CY%ZXU4$B&0DKBY<B)



M-=];)1.O8X4(3H.


SN/
$?51BO?
$W1G1WCV7N/\&-+?NY/^?@ 7R!8[4I$ZP0K






]]V/?#[_NAG=D7EF6C
6A*;M



X7M_


^RYU!V^FKMM-9[E2Z

M[
QU'

MZG&0S*:+JVMPLIU(*@&PF


3X5QY

MD'
L%8^#6M?H DFI]]QB!V*I&I=G]790F4H4JZ.F&Q:27[OJ@8 :(Z#CU 7;

 Z.TF!G?%






M24!
?_R$Y?C(
W$\VHG@\^L
;9FD
IL3T_@K:)'GR'.O+
M=.9[S]1PC2

M(*F\O#^HEQTU=:%6Q 
784L!)57)$$['+!U3YZL[_/DE6'Z@BH+DK1'5X?
ML:6.01MA%51-V2
W6-[UJ*AFJH=2&]&(_GT[F#5N8G



(@@_XL


M 6???1%7WMP_V!IP\@:6 


M0X;T!'C+4;S GV4CEH? 5U'KWSUCK$)#](Y =G@JJ]3*N4G8
ASR(W')Q 9#

IE!0368VD'@^0NZ


MBJG4WS3

+DZ4'C][]6+M:-GI

5IWQ+#O=NM&R







PV+DTLD]71\LHP@TLKSN JOQ!U;=BK

M#

ML





MX!%594#V%E91/EE(.TED%HFJ)/=UE70;81+Z@.C*B*[#((R!%Y?RU=:C8D51

MY!!Y $6-%Z2V5+5C17


]6UCN6 BRSDNJ+O5I<8=0#AJ)0]2]M=)'+-?BLOW$<A0=R60'
M?I_3=I[;P^

FPJR*I8J
AL&Z@2

;;6T5J5NSZYH(0E5;



/CL@4+\PM



MM-YAM*#5VH=K@!9$0U!5K2[4








E


M77C;6&_]-NI;UVLHJB(8W5KN!E??-I+=FD&V+I]8T)2N[?H.:A!YY*D-$+G
M.^
M\*8MR[:-$[8!71FZ7O;CJJ2-7[V#W,36H6FB[HJU5S%VB;3E_#PG8?F49R
5B:JL


C/;Z:F_VB[
M'SA^%K[YVV/X$_[X?D8__8\@1?_)OC!63YP CS_WO5\6EW;T\!E0 Y=^M-


OAW_[$/7B^1?RS


8!5MXO_$.;9+SIYH=!NA5MX6X22T
M-HRZPPBP1

!Y V0\^J F67CF//\#]S^7EY\_

MJ0T57RY18OLD#0LTGC:9A

D2WKWS]8A
M1/!7$@0?.'
\GD_G-
6.L\C
)V.;9AP

M/HNR

MZOI(T_;LE'Q/


I&S9
M#;R)[0;D'@$_ANS6S_!Q2GU!DSG+P





V.:85^F T4*X&]K@.


MH

GC0]^#7!

MG$N
J
(^HJQ]J^.9'C35$]!4JWH,!Q5U4%&KJZC*N:*^/=/T
M<T%\VP=]8E!3^T!6PKDHO3T3SG6I%T0U**D]HJU!21V4U$%)[8J2.KA3!UUU
M7[JJ?,X;U/FEB^?JD% Q*+O=H$M0=F5*ED-FQ: M=XTX^Z$M)RKOW]\WGN2P
MKB[F]80V??^(PO@29]Q YJ%03O$LT&#BW$(A!<NCJ8:YGVV+3NM7
D%\RF\
MN


MZ)-'








IU(
YVM@?W!M!PC=GY
W

[(P7P?5D_2PY;!@&KZI1



NA&\^OX9 ^8 !+EKO

H03X


,T65956,X%DW^EH08N\T]5+=F+95&P[54%6M (R5&99)
M*-Y/?.F;&<Y].[1)<$MFS$L$(-SXMCNV9Q@7^ Z@W;^@A?@-X'S:Y-+;*ZD





K] P

M:C60_7%-(!M
^@FQ0?5#8Y#-OM]M5_

MF




M&V^ZKFF9O=PTQZ[PE/
H&;*LZ?4 8JB\W.V
B9(F\?H* [DLINFM4Y99M*$J




MG')5/
Z[I8*[<
M%S?RD-:F5M19)2EK'15/L 

MM

M
7:T![35AW&55;6%Q^7S7 *X J;5%@;K0+?*LYK&711V_=4E !;(8%;M8PUP



M)6K*PR9KDMP X@@V^PN$#0LVE1E\HR!=N%:S6DD*U'];1,U 5B]3(JD
6$



M9G3Z

2Y$P25CJMHJ IOE(;@&O1&
P0::UB^&H9D

5!44353KP1+M82
[)/ J4&HVN7-EFEIP

MPW0[0E9UQP1-UO.W;%N$K-(FI(B&_5P]@_BPGX[^)0UM5T[''WGTF#TDG@



@
?ZURZHHFIQU6BW-
M40.$R@JVP1N\TC $E39!EC0Q2_Q;(








R@^M)
MBV9$K7FKIVCKN?#ZMCF; K*:N-@1R+0M%)9^A:-#U?Z$#T8Y%!^)2R;V\;3.



8#B-^$UT
MCMUA!%@B8-3]^8V8H] UL



+0@/X%S?E*X/3)Y?N_1
MPH5
]^TA2?:?H+H[0O]QVVN#-*YK/%BD'5K8$:!F7Q(L\JJJXMN?N$Y;I['[


?UN:&9


8'5



L)AP8]YZ/D+SJ_NDQR\ZAGM5#[OEC_][;9I[9
M^_(NMA4& 7

MGQ-3D/*
Y</K/GTQ7_<\R]2@+NEU8S

M?^'!(AIWC#;J5]YEU573)?;OF-9&FJJ.A!92]P_MW#_5'95'&J^/]'WMZ(&-
MYETP]5M7D_:.U0-4E]D

FGNLE[\OA5





5U2(
ZQ/2+XES\2=





61JE6M

M)8


M1+D'/HFNA#NQU03GN2#CT

=C*K..X''(GTC33Q)'^M +U7I11N)


MA#YI4 W/LJ=R9 HZ
48\W\?4_%/;+-T8R9(VTBK7\^BB@-X3DTFM=VX6R^\^

MDW41^C.N;7KQC;:_R@#WZ]VG+&#\FU\D31(
/H4MGK)A4#Z5 $70!5EN'9+;
M3$NQ;YY/[I]

F2U:=I=0=S




0YTBY
M54QKAE0$=AD F@:^.M)5K1#GNP#?)K)7I.2621N L3I.EX5@11@_3R9DC-7O


3+.T(FZ9I(J^+


SFDZEHA1:21+DBBI\13B[@XK]&F4MKZ&^
M@#K13=^?[=?20AJ5B7M:1V4'C\1+AG*


?C)
MFS^$D[ES
1[C7:6FK96Z4S9P




@X]OS3Y
MK%!/XR@H)




MGMS$&K/^#Q#=^ \:N

YFPBL9K@E0R;S^9NDUXXR/W

GY[(.( JVH_^%:7_AO(
M

NZF+?0N5)6YRR$85^+V


M:.@F1 


IL?55EMQD0!%BO$&[-QMG*.


]\&609D/+6#P/,7=.2*'1[5V,*M!&%A4OMJI9V51/'Y43PR%S.E%O_G6!J
M';$N8': YA90:J
[#N )?7


S*]H:D\EF-N3*4
M=_:C:T_L

M\/7W#_% [V?T$S[ _K

MT%O.1]P[!J
NBOQ/+V24_5$D*6_SH/LKUSF%V_NYWZ@\\!
68?039BNHO


$0T!C:RD;

S*?(Q' *'7I\DW
3 <]5DP A<CO0



M+:12QON138.F!98SYC@!8S'E'F3T&9XDB

IU'P.GPR0\ZDPI]2

4\1W


M

&Q!!2%@OX0SY[




!

M8)X. #;D9

=/Z2O








+#@EBZ67\)6$X=ZFD(Q:+Z.1
M&C.WT@S35!8</L9TP!G+Y\F$19%O D.50/TV%_%!8&^_H)V&CGCRAQ+[P*Q
M:X

LFKN%$@K


9Z6V
% WA4;PTEA8AG[U)WI!53U8-HU
M6C(FC.('J%%%']_\( A]U.GQ1 L.2JL+ZAF.-#DDTF&(IU9Y_%Z'U:?P+#
M,LK@9..*$ NH1YU




MA/V2V(\6LZ7WS1=]+1$#U%-D!Z\2*WQ5JDE
S JJ%0+!W8D]RTA#G$EY!&
M'+V&Q)31Y#+2(%66($K1-4O119);8\#8:6).% UA8H+F!. 9F4_GC/XM
@/#
8.=8LG0^M L





R[


M[XQ$B0RG?IH TU%AJ^$$;=9)4IHLL(^9)XC=W8NMV%7%(&NEFD&4C$=E;^IK

58[=2Q9


^309*/'I85K$;.;0

0Q[E +*^%C(
M%I.P I
1ND



MQYFL9!9+79K3

LL 7 L;T
M&!PG.P'S[Z?WV3=





/G&]UP/=;OI4+NF2#.G&:SVE%VD




F
JB+_^P-T!%W-@FIA:
M;I@G

M**J[QU'_&BM$ 







M93NRM;Y2Q8
5^F0./%KJ&B][)3'TR.4

M
. LJ[J=_:/V?3;;+8Q0\0[&YX8KU@S=%1:\S92F*-89KXF[@C&Q_=?G@CS
M]WG)/7N$=T*B*TRHK+5Q



M-%

M!J1$IAF3!]];II4DE\ZJHDQ3#-A6/NN=\*/S-%/6Q@MDIN)L5 RW




MFUS28O.



M)7_A6DD5E+1M1.?[#(OG7+P
5HNJH!35T%4X6_?FW^@(04[
4GYG
?9R-:F8
MDK
QP3:M*LVT$]I9 LBNJZ6/V%6Y





(STDFUA2VA:4^&P3]*P0.-IDTFHO#*2


%?21!\6-L@8Q#

ME(V1)C4DW-O9YT$[Z*+D$D:B+(]DK:J;M@L8Z@N.%1T.)]^F?=1C[2#Q=].$
M::PA
@



MO U*K6V0E9$A2RO;(
@C19*V;X

M

M$Y?K;\T$SQ




DHCFW[W

MV@[=3;JM8WM&]Q@&_T&5E!'/\W'


M

QPV$).YA5
YO[0.]!+#O6B N6(X:)-T(T2
&[


MUGAV.@4P*





M0A4B_IKV=;AF
HBNC3Z?.]O8!0
&S!]I8!\3[/282=UC%85-4#UHS\58NXB)

M)
WBR_?\129)DGS M+D1KCYYF#)C
\C1H!=U _2]5_JRPQJ0*
0P9#G89YR7\KS?8V:486:4
MUB+&I,/)T6616WVC99F\,F%YZ1PK;<LC%TAGO1WQ'#[YA(%QNC(ZLA?G 56I
M'X#Q42$9]47G&;/CY+;
RS;I+TKBJ0YBEQV:HJY_BJ%@IXMJ/)(E?31!I:?


MNX#Q=BT(#9'G84J4W-K!7]P5J
QY?6:@QG550
Z%ABI:=YH8#\$K/]G8Y1'4
M\H5-'(M[!YPR:T(.''(=XLYZ1I#MU#GI@@%S[7+_9^Z2Q-4TX@)LA[SBGJ+0
M

M*@4$72AIMU1O:0T(A

/['4=R&-;+EDNZ74UAR'.Z+RPP)N2KKKM1<HL];WU'50183) U3B=^

JG'J!EICQ<46Z%S(Q1)OYQB]A.8CB0;1
M[H


M K*Q(DD3




I 6]QQ
;$ML
A=#M./W2&?OZ50]<@F'?
3N\BXY:.#D8<ZJ:.
M-1YPOO:='P3X*2.)1

C'DG@8(B[ED,6<=HHAX4MX)Q8<?25
M89;&CZV*%N@#]_K 8CW@PRLI^HQ(RRZBK$3$*Z<#
ME*^+LAH7^BV9D:
181W#E]:

\9$.(
+!:HYQ8=;
MS)(P%(OHJ'XUZK*H

MIYX?KAGH)-7R-QV%:.=E'[429JK?1YZ5CG:955M#;OBP(0L#XQWX*=%P
*

MQ^S7O*PXDFI8%8BYY


K+T*M
MXF4

MV


RB##S46B2[/8?\ TEV



M2




M!-6V6=\A!;_^-K0*_@P/&:J%INN+^IORRL%=W6G-$(2Y.@Y.9W)=;N%4.M


MY(JYH:!!)RJ+1;+(+HO9Y 3LLL50 NL3)MHF-EZJ4UM ZX?D30ZAJ.77 )

%A#X[:V!<IJ5/\.RY


[(
V]3VL



M[QCB#.QNOV\/^J[%CQ5&^D
^4AB+^IGHO%38T0F3M8RCJ1 SW:M%086$B+FV
MZ_3LT:2KNI[ N]

OI8%NZ5_L(\

MZ
#NC_N*\]0V1G7-R=EE
@

MU-= !5-WRA$=KP!FS@$I2#R:!8UUZH0/A!C;K:ED1^CRJ!JG*[R_JP++C
M/E&&OQ4;3YF-F(P.76J?%KIT89CPUN=X75$&N6YH%L.:EGIGZ:640'UY+9,(
MSM:!/7*Q]&@O))$QMK5!)&L6

M?%@68=-54)]O5 G!J]# -A-PNOD



MDD3IY*L(!

3R33VKT2NLEO




-H*UCDI9/DDO^QSA

M!NF'ASDRP+



M89(M%K( @0$V

MKO[= [-XSK'PFZZ3DT_ED\3H&G24UIG%'XH@9CZ?'-'._[9M%;J6ZVNX?@Z*




M5ZR=(HMX?Z!J.;]%J7CO)]
@2K)8? /VO0O@.__XW_\+I_'W=U\N?WZCFJ\9

MDX.Q.Y:).^E.F\B?JR*GUK!VKT26Q.!X%&TNP^
%P4HI'EW[_0@U=IY3S:@M
MO+



M
SSE9

MSZG!7!M-:*

WG;:


#I;$\;IGNV-W+YWBGD/6MD6/VB4U.U788Z?7


4AI[Y




M\^%S'. *VR1-H^L0*\=VK/-Y*F(L/9SX
W)S@3;9S@Z'R@D#H;^!=R9^ZM\*


!K4



MNIUN@5/[C*G7@2L8V.9H
XJJCTDI5['P_IQ%=Y2R

MIY
XW1_QNXD7B$1U)MXH\OL




MB7JFO:KU



L2+OFUC
6M'V6)
M)E36WKKS


MLL\
WU'.#IKFGSRI3<B/I[C]P(6O[XC

P]P**YI.LSA6W[N+L@!+P/XG\\&7



M\P+=Q '_J)O K]@$QZ
(FPA.-8= :JN$2DH@R?\&H9W39U1.;PGC;*8C!.






M=3[^16716K

4

(:PNK'K!Z^^
F?%V#R^2G^


M\ZZB+#6?7QCSZ%A?EV)*[('=;%N26(N

)SKK[I=C@\%@2

M\$M8%M7H.]P/85/#\U %4Y3Q)- ML+\MWR;/RQ13,,&J;+4#/#%\ @K5$4

1&JJ

ZK2#J2CTEF!N?I?@(2PVK+2QW+-
R.@0_D6@4?BD]R
MWLTQ5^#U3W:+RL[=-]0\9V'

M4#H4LY!./#'C$ UNK2F#2TNY\/ UM@5A.Y#NN^:JOO PZD]0K'TPP[U[M2'X



;N.JS5[1UI.(J
9U*(;KAQK(K&XB


BI)^FAQIZWRA5C!+I G&*B**G+8@]SEE/(1T7L[0 X'7 ]'L0_OE)<A=
M<5Z]I[YL
)0



M$MF M/&D01
+]$E)S
O(2I*&[;R+-GZC@?

F&43!XN\R]


MK&/G_G?\.7EC#8D0LFB.3.&O7IC-O6G* 4VMNMY8X]J06+VEWEB]VE#X+P&V
M*MJ
0ZM$3GY
/O:4*Y^.LB/XESSCO/['HJ39


TDFY2!F0QK%6/&! 8&*8Z<
M8Z4RE8,H46!H$0+E6G^\)F2?KZXUY:L3'+M,5;A S1$]-_Q]AGW2_*LLC6*5
M_)MZ?HYIVNL2E^]B/P7O2ZZNY,,#ZX'B8C+]7/],WX-7PVG&9.3/J%#P CP-
M-J2FH*W/KN[/\%\)05D_PSRB6.6SA#( JT8,U3D@HK&1^ROR51[4^N*M)$
M8%((Z-[W['[CNGU@A[JVZ)6BFG.;<KI;?5JBB!9R1L:6DE?%.;XIM*
%$QA


M
Q*D5VF?9XG2Y9-O]0<@PS1?.^-WO/2,S&5U6O
M3#G0@6,4-^3OZ$Y@I"Q%B*]B6:\%69J=P'MZ[*RO-A00;/\IG-&F D^B(%2
MNM9,R:HI6\,J9X^OL?%G5R*]$Z)T2X((R9$IG:-CW,$3W\$VI;^M(9%/6DK#
M4;N=*).F[?N'IZD]%IGD/9.I@B+T*;+U]B**1U( WB8$+%<!I0##1_+=$+Z

MUY*S.RAOEHC3LY$N(:^QDMKB+!B@+$&9!+HBBVCM2&6_7#1Q0^H.[SF\QII
M0?PK[B=06B%1@SOH)KHS[DHG-[)R@5P!6TFA32

CO4XI#SL\NC;?(*)T!?B.7^ZJ@


=

M\-OPLN#




]O
MH6]XH3K
9B*
Z

M*%




PBGP+X8B[TSI+C%0



M$^'Q$UT=02=JJ43

)[


M@XBI(01EM


M;VNU+4*0BW./J+?YDI4']^8WT%+1; :Y2T?&9D4G_S/5[4^PBO(6FYB)+4
M]%QM:\SGV,@N=T3LMF#X+D4(!J4;_WY:C^NU!5;L\BO(U+$\PFA 41E9

MU5PX4ULE/W

\A[IC@2N

.$=9DO5AP[S+($KL/9




4.-['


2

M=$5($70V;G/F
CO3YA%1M2*[45P074KFH)HZC+C
3 @\Q0_E5=7\@BCB$KC5



9^*SJW\^Q$C+O)[U95OP<M6?(Z%CC\[E4/1[5)[*BO.B%$#NP<@.$?@=
ME$H6JUC

M3S+39'&93E5QG&?7:)

:@09YR <_T?Y)6RC6/Q+U=
MF3MKM=7M[DGG6%=Q:P% LHQRN9%PT##7[J7&SHTQ%LB1* AL&8XT!)Z/

MF+CWD1BIOW4.C.YP X^.?Y*)V;+L+(=7R+145:-EQ*9XS
 :\AGBXHI13RKT

-4SZ^696

5WUK%Q/+GM\)PM9ZRJ






Q

MN=9]VQU
CKL.6TISC70=Q@&.K]*.-G+S)+1V2G8_0GD

M[MEN=U=.QQZ@HFW1G_7HT255?_W5#_U%ML!JSUZ@


M/7NT


?G/6Y$Y=?N\7+
M5*_/46ZFZ^L47%8BX7G3E=(@

M5U
'.]R*=
&%L\Y0R;5+4I

MZM G
Q[





M&Y-W]_E79%#D'


-C/FAK.[-UEL/J7
;.\ E3



M*]Z?HH]Y02^C^!=Q[067XO$A)$GJNPB#6'

M./#?X'_AU_\/4$L#!!0    ( !F!?DI^@X[7RQ
  




@

Q&H_^!TV^H?/)YU?K&0AS;D5 !\7O@&QT





M


MP3/7=QFT$?\S1@

0.S?^7]GO%8@ ;%BE*WB0
M5$Q(2BK9EF?'7K


_]Q+0\CZ

;)QW#48QRA

M
/WY+2C-=G%BEIJT9MN\IZ$L3$^]((P)IH;B7%F_R?BBC#$2G'MIH%L2P'L6
M!B?/XK





T#ET?A^$4S]-A-PXC

M-VP1;IGR8J

M!CW5;9U$XC;)QWI)R$-UREH[8E^$;_Z.3NJ9X=[.M]O9+FDAMENRDRVB=UX
M_VT6FF:6#94%9'9-LK



M9LTK$WA=.K;?FI?2L/DXMOC8K&EE2B[G:/NMX=K95UG_32N9K:-
O!LE;OMM




M^&9V;?UO0

M5?KI(



6=VU%,7'I1.MFIK&%:J3&',Q&K%HT5!C868LH:Y(^+#%[
M/XUM6$!4%N#5KV V9=.U1_ON664Q.<$-,);Q\@[_B%WC\3YXCN8? [\@4W/
M8/
\^AZZPE:(P\++]\7X&_WAC9*:
_M#(9G.\2 9$&*(4 $2XIAZWN_5Y6HE
M::!J.K-5U7U2V@5N^\Y=8A:ISZ7S)&F^0@\ I#^^A- S3CW+_CZ%ZO!N94]O

S=ZD


MZ



./V(_QZ8:O;TZ(PM--ND](\
@-$2_9@-E#
ME.Q@






M&62LMD%#NVNX(SB





4XW+.8S(GYM/P \1B-4XBG
R?P+8)I;.;0#TG8#UE3)]1YYHST=).1
MW%H;=A,W^WR1K2JB\+]BZF;8.7G$Q)I#L+VT(#3VYW0Q*;'L*+8\NA9\G.GD
MI[?;!5]YGM#RPIUZ<N]*W5NU_.^C\%-%[&B!R?W\BOE3P963)<^XJ;JWF&[

\%(Z!KB35K


);(8:^J %@7O; ;VS_=& 3[+A17@[0!(XL



!-!1V5JMI6]

R+






])BT@B<HCSN#]$2/]*1[
M2
_U2

!-/]E_?8SWV5MI2IY]:U.R/WJ5Z@T^X@O7\*[A=!



F/\DW-E\DIMXG(ES[UAMU<_ME?DY37=UGDS^!\&3M
MAFJTGY7\Y&[I1

$%

38Q
C




JQ13ZZ5?G3MF-0(<
MMR'/?N]T.E-&O;5P2&EC 51:[P:2&[#H1^9S%M[?@*%.Z%UG\U5[<MRJY4?

M?

/*7??&68O 57



M8#F:3L
@/WC%4]BG7CKW9Q@Q!(D8QT@]U^L@=MI@/Y'\Z:- 4/;OY2REX5A
MX@3?G#CAO@@MEYY)!

M4G[!PIDK]J8$@6@&Y]2)*'8(

M 
%1X+@_(&\(H VEGUYQ&$R&]]_8D@;8M&




M&HSC)D%JY'/XNT)!7V(*(Z%R1Z50?LO#&OQX#'/_NV1&2FHY%\A+R,9U+A
M
9CHZD

Y

M:O^1EZL5VYU0X&Q)


M.X4=0:@%G2Y%K4.FOH
(O.CT)5])_I6QY;

M:H*27FWK@%+LJLNW3:9;=7W/I\M.Z(R83!V!T6!N8!KKX&W9[M6):!?=U$$9

M[MQ651@'SN?IP=&H:ATL)PF]8;58VMF -#0XD'Z:'J1NQ:W#2M(--2RT:C#5



M*LE/VGF^ZVLZ80SMU/
?:
3PAK .P\/E

/5$



M T%1TK;V?A;&%


MDR^?3'6Q8 JF^6!41:7/!C

M'?L(3'C\?\9@WOD9 E3?HJ?L/6U+)-+F?N2 ;N)J&(BV'2.\MO(6I!7;P:4W

:UJPO

M)YN;F

.%7
1DEBX5&D
-8]]







QSLP%3W





M)$^;[.TWPR

M


MHDCV1T6\KH8$=-G8Y.LH\C.1Y:4A5_!#C_B'[NG\&LSK5B[73/*JR\GVF)&L

-GN@WR
 ?-(NC

K30O?&9]N4;);NKMOR-X1
UTOP='@.HUIYDW

MK3=JV:J^-

M$H]Q(F0BJ5B2[6*%-
B)5*G#
UIML-UBQ']2*$QGWZCV);&]8N;]UQ)#/6
M2^=MYBQT@T2L[E5/OVG





M-=WA/O(








M=F-8=2NM

M)3NK7

M70S27CA4=;P\*HC_[IR(PB?_!U!+ P04      9@7Y*#/'SOL,K  UT (
M%0   &)R9F@M
C Q-C$R

M)


GY
X_VG_
M\-/^^_]5[#1RHSC,.]U__K__W9_?_\DJ?Z[[P4_/K&_[MT0.12B(/ST''J?

MM%;R^9[X61]O]C)R\I;IK_










MB]144UTGANE^L)V6KA9LT.1@//6#?.\=FY!/M72JSW3'X
=L'U.8N5YZD=
&


M1
MKN''#/2)/:4AOB08/7W 8GM+1]$*%_=
E\\EB08FYB*EMQZJE%C=MX_SY






MD1U4XH ?PGQ-]V
0@+6BT\ZQ*V\


H@$E(-K

%6$!-QX[VT$-]'4S=$%VADKO)V('P_V(@OU]/DT0YS
6C-C15? #03N1QO!3;1T<W2!=L8*KX@=T1FD4<?NW^




M7BQ :D'I%QPIO^]5&*'=_#!Q95KA/OL[W?O3YF^UUW-/E#AZKW&IG37EI&WU

0[.NCEGW9ZS;K OAN09*TH\?*SRD-5W




#L;(-M(B8G:
M6EZV-@=!037M2(GPVG(N-#Z'&#:RO1%\M_4EO$F6W0 JN7I2DIDUU;T)M-T

1$;8W6
EP'X%(UX4F)J]HR+;!CAQB]FV4\



%IH!]<DBRU*C


MRX9P!QWU

C55
M3N,N !(*XT
!Q5F(##


M2;O.XP5$V$EZ+QSM#!390 GKM[)(!XU(FXRMM\WMN

M&+]^3EN K57E$;0PO5EC64

M[5Y0A#QVY\WI9 _O&C)[5WVPG;I/=[A\X:QR^RZ4R[(3

MYI

M[$'$6S!!%5-;


%P.G'FV
^S!TB#6P#%
M[3;&A#QV]ZE)T!DR-8P8R!)!:V!!C++9VNL+'9_N@ /YL-B1+)
G.BH; I
MHT(V5 3 J%@)'3MBV!GQ)!#?




9TSX8F
MBSS+%;Z.R6SIAO0[ECH
+5JSF*<-V<+@OW(HJGS6^ F[Z?1G%U*9(O[-4$K
M+UX)XPIH-&(_Q-K,0,^LPC8PL7:&\3$19?XC)]27!A$/#P7C.N-FAT;^*W8

UF4?/TPVF 5^X&4D YB9).3YC*8$18M_7@V(_'Z]$5]


\-;[E<0OT_?<-A&\]M&

H&

_ 8=QS(Z
MP6UWZR#Y]H42.[)@;RYS\(NIM]-7W'EVOE$@)67 SMTY' R GP_/-PMX46UC


MWU9.HB4BZAO*O/@X !*0#N[X35]!HHOY5WBYW2%?T1!Z;2)
SWQ%3MY&5=

?]['$:
J[5Q(;CY(:HV
M#L 56(#=MMV:4WFDUQ/73Z)Z5R]R 0:3O*+E6.@P :)ADV-HB'#65B/:EB$0



Q[-9O(KYL]U3]]&+7)\9
M@)EBG^)0M




&[%R_!PZ!/&8D&U@!EWWK
.TI!/(8\009 ==_Z]#L*03R&-$$








GB
IBSBTVQZXMM2Z#XB(Q
(
MCW?XG*X^=!


1A_3=SQ0OF7RDP/




M96WSDJ&!A\VNR?0RH@R44K'I.S.+0Y.*8PF9D-C?F9WOO[K/2F(O%IN^MU;L


M;MU\C948G5
1D)

);A0'S]8CQEPA6M]&MZ
M-:%A:#&]
8W+RY


+ON_44
M%)
/)PZ





$BJ!56
MNLGXS-6]4J@U.V:=T.$05(FVKC%@;W/\\$#0@QNAM85?)!G8V$AJV0V2
@
@





M\16F%__^0G H&F?==V:W6O3--ZA4!:_%[WL5D5!J?V2_-?Q4:A0]1RB8KR_G
ME1X[Y(%U?CE;S.\VN.BX])8)MGU$A?+[CJV:'XG_9@.D57Z,FB1L/@MI'/5
M36K?]S2ZBA









MECUT@#[:Q!W;(1-%I=TB-I)G9]L1\7*&[


0C*MODZ;6

M:2H2

CT:4&


MWI5WUX4]3]([TZCJE-4U'N-X_9Z'^[@
0DH
9T7X_ ^L8.XQ8.?(836.09S-
M/JVFW(8+1-B[TUM$GGB.ELFB@8OPCM(2-O\D?7?=:2]FWC7*@

(;?






:D

!FNE:^=!8^N7
%(Y'3\\$/3@1I47

M%L


M_CY(!+3N@LF(=N)DO13%DW1D3'DH69-'Q$9L\/ %A^$I';XO5$NX%;Q84-HN
M8A;EDE9+'G:R-LZ?'SVA,+YJ*X]3#(Y#0XCPN%4.D93D*'DQ#BI)1D#2:T

MPBV=
SH7 Z=///MA0T%CITVJ
L5B^KOV%W7UD!@%+O'PMR!\1#-OX:&Y]-P=







5UIB



QZI94GON7

O/M^]7=R=75Y^A:HZRI,H*W+\UZ_RXJO__;_^Q_^%R/_\^__]]BVZ2'&6
M_(3.B_CM9;XL_H(^12O\$_H9Y[B,ZJ+\_HERC;T-\5%FN$2G16K=89K3/[
M/_P3^L




MQZN[^ FOHK=I3KLJQE^U6K04E=[['W_\\5OVUU94DGQ]*+/V&]]_V\+I2B9_
M30WR I(J_:EB\*Z*.*H9TZR?05H)^E]O6[&W]%=OWW_W]OOWW[Q6R5=MX[
6
M+(L

]U X$GXR=LMZC


MBOS4@XA?:S)GXJ0%28LP6&#V!38Q-&5WI1=QK]R
6O.B5-:=%;F
J@=6[J9Z

6:US6VYLLRNM%GGSXQR9=



GNGHJR)NOAU3E^JT++XVL
M3V(9X8J44@J(9



H
M+9
Z^1-$-=#U$C$=4+;FIDR?HQK?9%&

MR811)PW
1-T2L*:=FO!WGV218(G\Z/X(AA)#1$
6L+^#
A\?TSQ=;59&JS&0

/CS(;I5;G+$HFJBLM_=D9U9%
8WEJDZW
MXE]
ZXX1!7A=F(RN6&_EXJP-AIJC(4MK'RZ&F-Q
!)W9C)J&
M+^=IB6
BO

)_4;



..I\N



M[AGT0

M5!XAHP



P;A[
\M[=1B;8DM](

\Y^8SA4#VWDS3<Q9#F_L7X:F/WX





59H$F
:
MF0

:<6
M2IUY

MB[RHGW!YO5RFL2G?F5;4)[U




5X)54* G
M!XT'*G#RO7[=_[&/45DO2N%0W$ ?V5<8T<1 [8+I 3#KSWS %Z=]F9!:)P
M*![(@'5,V$FY(($3\&&[_RRX8)4UI4

M88


MA4$6.T#UTL4[5?Z#Y2XS^#


L#:?$3I9=:0Q'
MBS/U3+*+O,$O_XGWFHK)\GY)88&9I\9 R% U% CTWC$49
&A'Q$.QH[1B]
MG:2H5O_/OKB@ M520/P;B)Y7 -).%E0F9_?X#(MR%R7T*LDAKH,Y'SWNQ+F
MD  ](5!,4'34H(+DR5$PN[WA&#'@@!)*)B++'I4U&OP=U]L4

M5R&2DF^V




9YI'HPF&\,&H(Y !3-_<(#_&<(*Z
!.T0;+LO(_KIN^WJH5#5


HCU

MHTK31W;*J-5&O[;Z0*[=+JH*UY6%AD
AK\\+*@'VWA/L28 AD1*6=

O2\2]
MI1@
6KH0

M1+
[J/ADSME(BIUQUP1B;D8'E!34V=)++.#_^9<_?_?^A[\T[U&

GW5)3U

3!


M!ZRU

-V5S

MX))E0'7:FNF5P^UX;172;X)UFF#FUU%PK5OE;M\D98\^^BVSPYM8BL%(Z&
MN@KHZ3?4 $H[#4PKW:3]



3KB+


9V) )3 *MF0@



M4

E?=$G7%O7
M30


MJ 2#L$
VV8QKV-FM('7[


W_L

Z:0X)S=%[F)SP57 4UC/CAGX+&Q
M( !$=JBH Y

MG] =3JBF:5KZA%_87Z8L
@1= -9971W7146G(:U8]Z+87CJ'KJ7B)L+SK0

M8T65$-



COZ7_1(S_T

&K0)._JN=)
C0R'L


MLF$M

ML[0Y: 2I'ZR1A$K&R_R9S.!%F6JO7%ATPM)/ =_
.T$!/N%DL/(N@DOLO=4\


MAXSM'7






M =(
3[.*3TOH EZT@29Y:'MW!ZQ#PG4J+$OU4U'6J

$V4ALTZ!T\BXC
ASPL%Y74*TY?SI




8#!
W=7








M]^H7&%NMGEO 51D


MF*?+-*:1L%+][O%K?9KI;WFX*GOU08VJ4
\%Y:0)AHZCX
H.J-4J*K?LW=!=



;6NE6B'V)K





M-$
1+EKA


A$TVH469JP=1R[

MZIT&FPF9!J(J



M5F;U8@4@H008#+TOHP33]T3K)UPVJ72J6QQC8JH?
LPKJ&D71UV?S!Q5'9&5



.DS



M7#(M_&.3\OL\9 63)[@D

M;A4_P;LITYC\_F.1X&S



M!\
^''C
M84J180;$]


7S/W


MG


M


*BMJTMB6P

D':B0!99/27T)L[Y\O



M$;(3]%WR8Z
X#
8X8916WMWN+R]JM

M
1$4%Q646S






MS$I!%2T&AET[RZ*JZJI\7=ZFCT_UAU=BR=

B65Y3:NZ

25?1A01A$[T\;G_/&X863\[1B





MPZ84:PW*?F5Z-3US5+]GI/8I



L#01+]2#WP@&6K$$CF8
M=P-COVKHNKD?UP1C^KF(TI+M21=DC;Y:T^-]FDT-QS5.ZI/TT!V-:_W
QTK
MT;NA:=$);DE& E5DNV



.=A%8 JR][WL%[DE5(SQ+

9D

M6:DPUOYB$)0F)Z A;$K2\+FZ=XNTD;9@@
34%WC
:0-'I#'P:MQ'2
U_43

.
EQ4JJ#8
*K$UY2D]0B
+37K#BMW6





M:8\G)P'NZ:U8)8- ^DQXVG3%=


MQG''*#OP*C+6

V
M%Y1#NGTL\OHIXPZAEG9-B#X

M




MUXANKN8AL% 23 I+59U&XJZ8XZ7QL IPM]6.==JO14 2=@^2@EG!CL
[.MPA


3TZNUOUL$5
U9V]:A
M'X-X94F.KI'U&J9E@JO()-H7!

G$SHIU)B1IJ.1:U[T0P[PS4.5)FE4;N^B
M;DPL7E/U!4N=

M[QQ%
D%;

=1;3


IFT

M]) 9]F^8OMJ DP6I
3%-!\T%/O;K1[&6G]:DLZSPQWTZ^$P:IK[R:^F]EW6(

M8CSK
HKK3931\+#O3!T( 9UW P&ATAH#$AX:+ 




M9JJ)_%!%J]IWGS[2/$:@%LA[[&$9KA4/PEPT\=T\[6T%1S[F(5GX$SU Y6
M-_W113
CH9AZ%K.
C
:$9X&Q/WW@G4SN?(#G/K3@E() FV,!=$V?*1&T8^

M)[?#!][%I]W[C]F+IX0N6M[.:-VKT!W

@Q1J88TN$8

M1QG1W5.GS7

X8=%:[KC.V78;*#





%G72A
M1XK



HHZ=+=T\8UZ1*FS69=$SI^=U4?8Z


M!X:[(\ JTT$PW1.:O+]11TP?M07 RN:_JZVBKA=I3GZ71ME='=5LW)Y%?*!=



M#FU3
B-$I
S[*.?1:6$[/SX](#N9@5
MWSF*H6IKI@
]L _XG4H\N/PNSHJZX,,1TLEK5D53UQ4SU!#_@QS6D*;_3

FG-.Y
MC2\%(!&FU\&AG[NHTB

_G59TQS/'D.X


ML;\.


:

 K!EV

MU&0T;Y

M3X !:WD:I.Y#$]$4V%\(1+PL5+:%L42(J+VH=






 PW!VK
M])I!HXGJZ!5%3)?QDKO*HE8;!BGE6@TK?O9$Q_1EOE@5F[S6M-;X8GS2=6HE





G3H^S9YA4]Q








ER


7C $][+I?H#HFI$H1DKG6GXD&
MM1H6.]B!Q

M5
02$M)57 
&JV[Q

4;ZJ:
M;!:



0





M4XO!:G(CQF';


M.GFGBW*JC-ZDK3K9L3-]M*8%?!VZ$\GV:)5655%N62TUMMBF +;K3&A-O;;3


&H3N*OE]'
MH_7.BHI



M-0JTU'F--B+J2-!'0@%!5Q ?5NNLV&)\5Q?Q[SQ%['6.-1UH$H;5:PY(I8LB
MC0IB.H@K(:(5=BG1PJH(@VR.$8
LS.[1 ]7U3H4B


MYL6HN&886U75Z8JZ

MW-)-]
UJ%95;ZOCKRD*\

1*HW_AY361^(@6B5B984;C:XUSFDVB]7'JS)]:


M0COXZ(#$B680




VX+I;MF/A
*QXW%[K@1QNYYUQYR[3]7

M4^TQ0?
QQ+XVDFG[O-:-XTV9UBFNVF5&%\:I#ZQV4/+W'K9K!784MVD XZTC
M7(F


OB_L3:'\#P-]1/




MJ=-AI3\-5$EY._[30QQVNR LN-E?+JNYV8NJ'5K,;\4ED9O!6 V^0=ML&)


M.&VE(*QNL:!416T3RQ2A1@
Q%0 =\CDO7;M$)0JQ4PPXM=W2Z0#HF.[(XC3*

MF
*+2;(0+'X8$
JO'[T@+HN8
 0'DGA&2K



ME[(T
CPM
A3Q]X2$&MQN'NW_'5:OJ\%)





\S8:@0[C]!G3E$#Z(

M5?$?6Q=\IX6HVJ%7WU?X


8-4A64WXJB1!Y#J

Y]-P]O


MR 6J=D%$0\_I'@+(^TV]MSGH\_+RMD$2@=4;6GSR$S'AGQ#98:#!#X;W_-1R



M!7NI4P%:
Q*TDN![P3@6U'T1=#3LGH@5'E$D4Q_.*T6_&*5A]8T+5.U[M\
G

M@RRL#K(#54\8L+I&R('*

M

&M.JJ?

.C=G+6$ZG)?9_



M]-C46[(3\96]D!.
'.+&3O&Z':;J9;=)!4#JK$FXE3




)FQ^1OE=UJU4)4&^Z



MH2IO:Z(3LDMNNAI0$.U-X[.B





MQL

M*T2%7YHH(*(!L'

Q-\[3&5^DSEHPLV3(H*6?4@
05-Z!RGB2J


@H

ZGH#^Y*

M#;T*S
H'6O*Q







[2I'C@2  6!F$KKF2\UZA'*DE%RIZ





AO_@]02P
$%     @ &8%^2N_[

38Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SM?5ESY#B2YON:

BHH6 G@U2#I([^]0N 1S!(
M G01


K A)$QU;G8TM

[89!/=7S%.Y@'1



M-^AB')XOXNC^EBGJA-QIAT=7V[$TMUX'J9C/F*A

[2:DM!



8
,?RU:R'F5.V?A!.
M YNN%V<Q/?,#*HZ]9\O58.N$[OY_
YV6J96

MCB'

MOJW'



MR*^QQ-HL


M:O\!D]H[I72A[N.




N;,7CZ7-S^^RV.%T]!V!5]JR9\+6S

=_$

MIBBCD*5&_BB^@ X=-%L[^[@:[P[M!%M^1HT*$9F^9;LBD!DI&X.XP:@)%:

DU9^'#!UUTJE.)8FC!
B ++7!&

$9&(SL.@*YY&:R(+$Y]&K'%


!QWD5L

MXL8Z=*
%3USU1-BG\(FUX/7(X%FN?3)**,9\&001N[YG
M. !) ^6@0Q.^_F)7-\^' <]W M?BU'=JB<E<'TQ<4RT



)FPX*[E03VU8S
MU_MD


0?K3N

MU


M
E6T/+8[\I-@SGSIDR#
F&GI5T-P!\X+7)BA;:@8'#/Q'R2X7W'N'ME\=4\N





NNAFC6%RDJ
LZMKB;M#^96
M =9LV1S-BF*HWVUQ$2TD^0V5DXRR@9D_[RNAHF_S1[$98!2&D4@ND=7KO,-
MS9:A/FIC7)ND./ K.S+=:+B4)P!BD(-M+#3_-=G
2T=VWY#N:
;UPF/HPQC
MJ7JFG^ZAM.KA9B'MQW7VY#C#'F(8^

M
N2EZD&-;&Z5PZ&5]N


MP1CWUA
.F%7SSR5Y$G_I.2W7R)TGW8XR'[?T@1K?);ICV&+WGE^[3CS[N@H
M2N))/7[AJ1IF#MGG5)**FSI?-W]F!A)(64N].K,EG:.\\A[BWCC'&ZB K


8PG\+X8\[SC$?U.GKJVM*PK=^FY0[O]B&F
M9.SJB)SG#L
&




B[\O*^4 RF
M2C2C


MH0EQ;UQ
FY0P]_:$Y/^MZ:_((0 ];0+NPWGF[FC[?'/-X5B1VGP?SH6[E+!1









\$?@NFC/1S^
M03?GATPOE+XP%8@[3*: M\BA2
.TY@)/'!20/5^WRY

!=0)%&E&9AJ!6P
\J/;(I_B)2K1)3+
M+WY32.*'
YJ?N)Y'3)B




MENW#:F-5(1B1TKL
]8'X_EUS(&[(O(+.8=6^.%X\!6'(E-Z49L.S?B0:=N
V

M

M




M T_T
*)+)653X_
!Z


'
MZ #';:,OO-#D:9(&:S]5581IM@,_R(H%DFY!<8 @*20'CLP<O +)U@@
U(+



M_!&T)(FJ/+=;?$G(
@LOV(R1S)9YM$-H3I=
9=+!9 Z;305#
]:D
0O5\&I=
M
U:58


MV^N^-K-?$46


M!I5JIFA?FC:L1(5A(G%:-43B )=&)UR[;)T_!\T?JCF+:96H4;T8#7*)AW7I

_@OR3<-P_]^=<;ICVV@H@=_Q4-^)MBG^,%0W#

MU:EFYE:1CJXZAL-FYND5-*S2963*U
ZO!AU





PG;UMN.


<I6:LW,%I:'#B:6BZT*DA-T&H_C13/HY=;]NW#YZ /
MH'7BUXUH7=):H LCHIS1DWCM!U$/1.O$.! UL%QPT9Z:D)O0L,O(0T;9+ILG
M/42+L^9_Y1\)NL[0N40JFA<AVH-;+


7Z[AVVKX(MR
MV!YXY8=Y8%1\VBN^S7]1T78/]OT0W\=1'4X0^W#J/IR*$\]].'4?3MV'4_?A



Y05T[BM6Q.O
M0+K-N2( H*%S[?*.



MA:(79$=W-1%?1!%L!CA_D$?2]!3NKPPQ R 0*X%-=KAR$2'@M*\^],0!LD-
MGXJM_V-GJZV.##IMB@9 A?H[N7PA\3/(V8_F;A%IKR&T]5V0BATL8_C*LTV


M*W6QLSZ



MW


M71$ZY[J\)T?$YX?O9\&SR-(G3
GI=7=-C2Y+A73D.MX)!K*GBG#@NVV%G_TT




:Q O%:![8+1#WGY'AWE-]&VA[K&=+I=D
MSA/K-LX=%'EM-TD?T&&-% ]V)$]R;B+GIMC'TBWZ5W'DT? LDLAEOQ@L6VJ

MH8BY#]48Z




MKH?=*#!V*P8OH-=!\O6

)E4=U.EX(6R-
$37B&2[;;[C\SM'B:3
M_VZJE XH=QWH:-0B3GH7W?NA&;RH]5Q$+_;5]G:U:YB4MMWV31!245GAT

=ZL[[I


= ZS'IUF3
M42Y+

P'+/*
MJRK+I Q=3;(TTRM\9L@$)+.GAM 
H_HQF3BL60RK*M#NP_D15/^A!E$.1E!W



MCU4P7S7%*:259!*(L/O@;E&=








L^6

H_K$F 4V?^Q?HV)?67-?67-?67-?6=-Y.8J2

T@J%2*N\;EOE2IZY&V

Z_%P=N5'T#2)#MH7+N2_70N%1Z'SU$;
ME1=Q=-]\'T










MQ4

P7W.66]\7\7Q+Z_R'8@2A/R9K&/F)071/6$6








MMCR/%KQ
1N:':@]%TAS'
FGNJDC$J:THF*#Y(TA7H@X+V^RAYNXU.VM+!M
MLL:I



'XAN@N&

<2M-L/DAB*J*=2&P^
MU 6O]Y2(CP/FN\[VKGW:GM;7GO@4VL Q!5YSJ=337JT)CK%A/M751*AM1%VK


  T@,/C.O8?@M0/OT0!
MVSQEZ2JFP;\VUY4ZKDQ(VKN^U*RZ^-&\)J$4&0DL\7H=1T*<FQ53  P;%9'S
MR\,F.FE1P?3E4]G5

BMY@6AYN&K!O7!_DC6(9:0^:&

M$89]N
X@ &'=0RY


MZ4_=O)9L_M)HPH HWAPEB\W+%8=K_F2LHDXGO =P7 2##9@J9OJFT-N!S5






MXCLFJD1B&0

:W)6BWSJN[
MC;4^3

MVZ .4!BK8R0O

#(%C%1
M<)H:.-.[ 6Y]\

I+I=F6XF]Y6+%(4/R-QHEJ9-KX
M&-0B42A6%1WASW]]6U+(XS!K^5?._^XU1MY3DFTV*3&;*GMSJ=+1KSZ?AZO



3' !*I?


5






MZ_8G_($V:P5!W#EO?W8]M-;'?3N-%M.WPUK1+MMVV/$IH!5:*VZR
RN4JGEO




M\(/&I'?-C/
7PLW

'S/5&YT8Q
MJ


ODSM.YRBAO

M@TZO6?NW4]TKS!T/HXCLJVFW?B&K6]#11!EK!US8]NG[LNZ%+?S15/#G96

=2+*;O8MV:9$?TAR[0%:

M.X_84

M 

&4FH%X)@X)UGRS/+$V*Z6]G%?


_'Y@9Z(3_M)

I)+(X71T4N3$








M1LAU&_CA
+O0]SZ]R
:86L5L)SQS)8@R7N8@/^2((^-9HKN/Z44SS#6$[-B'

)[D2RCWCE5^K^8_ZAO7]H*\908=GG


:&OD@HBQH$@T$+!*%Z,6+U4<M]-3%932<\DM-]0YVW[&HX2:W+A
%1





MN2'WXK[\8;0XSI(T7A-Z'$?
9-/BC!AT_VG=\W ;=F_5W[ \Z.%5W[V_X&


_5]\CJ?_JUH.


FZ'


4W[;
E?W%8
MX2/H29UEP_R$J JF7YU;9M@\R-C69 5#^A0K535!QCL/& 7)EM*=[FJKTS
MQQ\@GC
7Z0(,^5+:GW[ ^]^40$[3'LX+.#4I_S%P.2*T/*I-QC46D(HIKA

M$0              @ $     8G)F:TR,#$V,3(S,2YX;6Q02P$% 
4
M  9@7Y*?H..U\L3  #)V   $0              @ $CJ0  8G)F:TR
#$V
M
3(S


C Q-C$R
S%?
M9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !F!?DH_22P))&
   .\!0 5

4      9@7Y*
M[_M^-?5#  #FA00 %0              @ ')80$ 8G)F:TR
#$V
3(S
5]P

end



