

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-008727
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210414
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				271994359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55131
		FILM NUMBER:		21825774
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 WILSHIRE SUITE 1720
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-598-7110
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 WILSHIRE SUITE 1720
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90005
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moving Box Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100315








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission
File Number: 000-55131

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)




3600
                                         Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720
Los
        Angeles
 California
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



    
Title
    of each class
    

    
common
    stock
 $0.000001 par value
    


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    Accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] 
Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

    
Emerging
    Growth Company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers
and directors) as of June 30
 2020 was $25
051
007

As
of March 15
 2021
 there were 149
133
372 outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant.





    
    






BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

FORM
10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    I

    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    

    
    
    

PART
    II

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV

    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    

Item
    16.
Form
    10-K Summary
    



    
    



CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (&ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously
filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements
that we have previously made or may subsequently make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report and those reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or
developments that Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we&rdquo;. &ldquo;us&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Barfresh&rdquo;) expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any
statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 assumptions or future events or performance are not
historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often
 but not always
 made through the use of words
or phrases such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predict&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will likely result&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will continue&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
&ldquo;seek&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projection&rdquo;
 &ldquo;would&rdquo;
&ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic
conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available
to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

Management
cautions that forward-looking statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our
control
 involve a number of risks
 uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from the statements made
 including
 but not limited to
 the following risk factors. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance
or achievements.

Certain
risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes
may differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us
 and you should not place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we do
not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time
and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition
 we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business
or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. See &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth in Item 1A.

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION

We
are subject to the information reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and we file quarterly
reports on Form 10Q
 Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 proxy statements and other required information
and reports with the SEC.

You
can read our SEC filings
 including the registration statement


 at no cost
 by writing us at 3600 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720
Los Angeles
 90010 or calling us at (310) 598-7113.

We
also maintain a website at 
 at which you may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the SEC. Information contained on or accessible through
our website is not a part of this report
 and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference
only.


    
    



PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Business
Overview

Barfresh
is a leader in the creation
 manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend frozen beverages. The current portfolio of products
includes smoothies
 shakes and frappes. Products are packaged in four distinct formats.

The
Company&rsquo;s original single serve format features portion controlled and ready to blend beverage ingredient packs or &ldquo;beverage
packs&rdquo;. The beverage packs contain all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 including the base (either
sorbet
 frozen yogurt or ice cream)
 real fruit pieces
 juices and ice &ndash; five ounces of water are added before blending.

The
Company&rsquo;s bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo; format also contains all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
packaged in gallon containers in a concentrated formula that is mixed &ldquo;one to one&rdquo; with water. The Company has a &ldquo;no
sugar added&rdquo; version of the bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo; format that is specifically targeted for the USDA national school
meal program
 including the School Breakfast Program
 the National School Lunch Program
 and Smart Snacks in Schools Program.
The Company is currently in contract to sell its bulk Easy Pour products into over three hundred schools. In addition
 the Company
received approval from the United States Defense Logistics Agency (&ldquo;DLA&rdquo;) to sell its smoothie products into all branches
of the U.S. Armed Forces
 and is currently in contract with and selling its bulk Easy Pour products into over one hundred military
bases in the United States and abroad.

The
Company&rsquo;s new WHIRLZ 100% Juice Concentrates. The new 5:1 juice concentrates will initially target elementary and secondary
schools and are a perfect complement to the company&rsquo;s current existing 1:1 bulk Easy Pour products used in beverage dispensing
equipment. The 100% juice concentrates offer a more affordably priced product that responds to the need of the schools to have
a wider range of options at various price points. The products are USDA Reimbursable
 Smart Snack Compliant for schools in the
United States
 a good source of Vitamin C
 contain no added sugars and come in fun
 great-tasting flavors. WHIRLZ 100% Juice Concentrates
will come in the following 10 exciting flavors: Mango (a first to market flavor)
 Fruit Punch
 Pink Lemonade
 Cherry Limeade
Coco Breeze
 Blue Raspberry
 Green Watermelon
 Cherry
 Sour Apple
 and Strawberry Kiwi.

The
Company&rsquo;s new ready-to-drink bottled smoothie
 &ldquo;Twist &amp; Go&rdquo;&trade;
 which will initially be focused towards
the school system channel. This sweet fruit and creamy yogurt smoothie contains four ounces of yogurt and a half-cup of fruit/fruit
juice and comes in two different flavors: strawberry banana and peach. &ldquo;Twist &amp; Go&rdquo;&trade; contains no added sugars
no preservatives
 artificial flavors or colors. At only 125 -130 calories and with 5 grams of protein
 they make the perfect start
to any day or on-the-go snack.

Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh
 as well as related trademarks for all of the single serve
products. Patent rights have been granted in 13 jurisdictions including the United States. In addition
 the Company has purchased
all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

The
Company conducts sales through several channels
 including National Accounts
 Regional Accounts
 and Broadline Distributors. Barfresh&rsquo;s
primary broadline distribution arrangement is through an exclusive nationwide agreement with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;)
the U.S.&rsquo;s largest broadline distributor
 which was entered into in July 2014.

Pursuant
to that agreement
 all Barfresh products are included in Sysco&rsquo;s national core selection of beverage items
 making Barfresh
its exclusive single-serve
 pre-portioned beverage provider. The agreement is mutually exclusive; however
 Barfresh may also sell
the products to other foodservice distributors
 but only to the extent required for such foodservice distributors to service multi-unit
chain operators with at least 20 units and where Sysco is not such multi- unit chain operator&rsquo;s nominated distributor for
our products. On October 2
 2019
 the exclusive distribution agreement with Sysco expired
 opening the possibility to expand distribution
with other distributors outside of the Sysco system.


    
    



During
2016 and 2017 the Company announced that it had signed supply agreements with several of the major global on-site foodservice
operators. On March 8
 2018
 the Company announced that it had signed a new supply agreement with one of the largest of these
foodservice operators
 for exclusive distribution of four of Barfresh&rsquo;s single serve SKUs. On November 14
 2018
 the Company
announced that it had received approval for multiple products to be rolled out to a national restaurant chain with over 2
500
locations.

On
October 26
 2015
 Barfresh signed a five year agreement with PepsiCo North America Beverages
 a division of PepsiCo
 to become
its exclusive sales representative within the food service channel to present Barfresh&rsquo;s line of ready-to-blend smoothies
and frozen beverages throughout the United States and Canada. Through this agreement
 Barfresh&rsquo; products are included as
part of PepsiCo&rsquo;s offerings to its significant customer base. The agreement facilitates access to potential National customer
accounts
 through introductions provided by PepsiCo&rsquo;s one-thousand plus person foodservice sales team. Barfresh products
have become part of PepsiCo&rsquo;s customer presentations at national trade shows and similar venues. On May 30
 2019
 the Company
amended its agreement with Pepsi which included a reduction in the commission fee and a clause which allows either party the right
to terminate the agreement upon 90 days written notice. Neither party has exercised its right to terminate the agreement.

Barfresh
utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of its products in the United States.

Our
corporate office is located at 3600 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720
 Los Angeles
 90010. Our telephone number is (310) 598-7113
and our website is 

Corporate
History and Background

The
Company
 which was incorporated in Delaware on February 25
 2010
 was originally formed to produce movies. As the result of a
reverse merger transaction in 2012
 the Company is now engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend frozen
beverages
 including smoothies
 shakes and frappes. We have two direct subsidiaries: Barfresh Corporation
 Inc. (formerly known
as Smoothie
 Inc.) and Barfresh
 Inc.



The
Company&rsquo;s products are made in four formats. The first is in portion controlled single serving beverage ingredient packs
suitable for smoothies
 shakes and frappes that can also be utilized for cocktails and mocktails. These packs contain all of the
ingredients necessary to make a smoothie
 shake or frappe
 including the ice. Simply add water
 empty the packet into a blender
blend and serve. The second format is the bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo; format. The Company&rsquo;s bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo;
format also contains all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 packaged in gallon containers in a concentrated

new WHIRLZ 100% Juice Concentrates. These new 5:1 juice concentrates are a perfect complement to the company&rsquo;s current existing

ready-to-drink bottled smoothie
 &ldquo;Twist &amp; Go&rdquo;&trade;
 This sweet fruit and creamy yogurt smoothie contains four
ounces of yogurt and a half-cup of fruit/fruit juice and comes in two different flavors.


    
    






    
    


The
following flavors are available as part of our standard portfolio of single serve products:



The
following flavors are available as part of our standard portfolio of bulk products:




    
    


Some
of the key benefits of the products for the end consumers that drink the products include:



    
    
From
    as little as 125-130 calories (per serving)

    
    
    

    
    
Real
    fruit in every smoothie

    
    
    

    
    
Dairy
    free options

    
    
    

    
    
Kosher
    approved

    
    
    

    
    
Gluten
    Free


Customer
Marketing Material

A
wide range of consumer marketing materials has been created to assist customers in selling blended beverages.



Research
and Development

The
Company incurred research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020 in the amount of $515
145 and for the
year ended December 31
 2019 in the amount of $538
391. The decrease in Research and Development expenses was primarily attributable
to reduced activity in creating unique flavors for potential customers in our national account pipeline.


    
    




There
is significant competition in the smoothie market at both the consumer purchasing level and also the product level.

The
competition at the consumer level is primarily between specialized juice bars (e.g. Jamba Juice) and major fast casual and fast
food restaurant chains (such as McDonalds). Barfresh does not compete specifically at this level but intends to supply its product
to customers that fall within these segments to enable them to compete for consumer demand.

There
may also be new entrants to the smoothie market that may alter the current competitor landscape.

The
existing competition from a product perspective can be separated into three categories:



    
    
Specialized
    juice bar products: The product is made in-store and each ingredient is added separately.

    
    
Syrup
    based products: The fruit puree is supplied in bulk and not portion controlled for each smoothie. These types of products
    still require the addition of juice
 milk or water and/or yogurt and ice. While there are a number of competitors for this
    style of product
 the two dominant competitors are Island Oasis and Minute Maid.

    
    
Portion
    pack products: These products contain only the fruit and yogurt and require the addition of juice or milk and ice. The dominant
    competitor is General Mills&rsquo; Yoplait Smoothies.


The
Company believes that its single serve products afford a very significant competitive advantage based on ease of use
 portion
control
 premium quality
 and minimal capital investment required to enable a customer to begin to carry Barfresh beverage products.
The Company also believes that its bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo; product represents an attractive alternative delivery method for
customers that serve high volume locations
 where speed of service over extended periods is a critical requirement. The Company
has recently launched a &ldquo;no sugar added&rdquo; version of the bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo; format
 WHIRLZ 100% Juice Concentrates
as well as Twist &amp; Go a new ready to drink smoothie that is specifically targeted for the USDA national school meal program
including the School Breakfast Program
 the National School Lunch Program
 and Smart Snacks in Schools Program.

Intellectual
Property

Barfresh
owns the domestic and intellectual property rights to its products&rsquo; sealed pack of ingredients used in its single serve
products.

In
November 2011
 the Company acquired patent applications filed in the United States (Patent Application number 11/660415) and Canada
(Patent Application number 2577163) from certain related parties. The United States patent was originally filed on December 4
2007 and it was granted during August of 2017. The Canadian patent was originally filed on August 16
 2005 and it was granted
on May 27
 2014.

On
October 15
 2013
 the Company acquired all of the related international patent rights
 which were filed pursuant to the Patent
Cooperation Treaty
 have been granted in 13 jurisdictions and are pending in the remainder of the jurisdictions that have signed
the PCT. In addition
 the Company purchased all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

Governmental
Approval and Regulation

The
Company is not aware of the need for any governmental approvals of its products.

The
Company utilizes contract manufacturers. Before entering into any manufacturing contracts
 the Company determines that the manufacturer
meets all government requirements.


    
    


Environmental
Laws

The
Company does not believe that it will be subject to any environmental laws
 either state or federal. Any laws concerning manufacturing
will be the responsibility of the contract manufacturer.



As
of March 15
 2021
 the Company has 12 employees and 3 consultants.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

An
investment in the Company&rsquo;s securities involves significant risks
 including the risks described below. The risks included
below are not the only ones that the Company faces. Additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial
or unlikely to occur could also impair our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional
risks and uncertainties actually occur
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively
affected.

The
impact of COVID-19 on the Company is constantly evolving on a daily and weekly basis. The direct impact to our operations had
begun to take effect at the close of the first quarter ended March 31
 2020. Specifically
 our business has been impacted by dining
bans targeted at restaurants to reduce the size of public gatherings. We have noted restaurant chains have closed operations and
furloughed employees which would preclude our single serve products from being served at those establishments for a number of
weeks. Furthermore
 many school districts have closed regular attendance which could conceivably last to the end of the school
year. This has directly impacted the sales of our Bulk Product into that sales channel. We are beginning to experience a disruption
in the supply chain for manufacturing our products due to COVID-19. The developments surrounding COVID-19 remain fluid and dynamic
and consequently
 will require the Company to continue to monitor news headlines from government and health officials
 as well
as
 the business community.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have a history of operating losses.

We
have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability. These operating losses have been generated while
we market to potential customers. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability
 given
the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate
 we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability
and our failure to do so would adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 including our ability to raise additional funds.

If
we continue to suffer losses from operations
 our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business
operations as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce
our level of operations
 including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
 sales and marketing programs
 personnel and other operating
expenses. These events could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are
not available or if they are not available on acceptable terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
 take advantage
of opportunities
 develop products or services or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
 could be significantly limited.

We
may need additional financing in the future
 which may not be available when needed or may be costly and dilutive.

We
may require additional financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require
the timing of our capital needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors
 including
our strategic initiatives and operating plans
 the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing.
Additionally
 the amount of capital required will depend on our ability to meet our case sales goals and otherwise successfully
execute our operating plan. We believe it is imperative to meet these sales objectives in order to lessen our reliance on external
financing in the future. Although we believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support
our working capital needs
 financing arrangements on acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally
 these
alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders.
Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. If necessary
we may explore strategic transactions that we consider to be in the best interest of the Company and our shareholders
 which may
include
 without limitation
 public or private offerings of debt or equity securities
 and other strategic alternatives; however
these options may not ultimately be available or feasible.


    
    


A
worsening of economic conditions or a decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our ability to implement our business
strategy.

Our
success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions
and the availability of discretionary income. There is no certainty regarding economic conditions in the United States
 and credit
and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions could deteriorate at any time. Accordingly
 we may experience declines
in revenue during economic turmoil or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending
leading cost-conscious consumers to be more selective in restaurants visited
 could have a material adverse effect on our revenue
results of operations
 business and financial condition.

The
challenges of competing with the many food services businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins.

We
compete with many well-established companies
 food service and otherwise
 on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product
offered
 customer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience. Our success depends
 in part
 upon the popularity
of our products and our ability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all four day parts. Shifts in consumer
preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new menu items that appeal to consumers across all day parts
 or
changes in our menu that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. We compete with other smoothie and
juice bar retailers
 specialty coffee retailers
 yogurt and ice cream shops
 bagel shops
 fast-food restaurants
 delicatessens
caf&eacute;s
 take-out food service companies
 supermarkets and convenience stores. Our competitors change with each of the four
day parts
 ranging from coffee bars and bakery caf&eacute;s to casual dining chains. Many of our competitors or potential competitors
have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do
 which may allow them to react to changes in the market quicker
than we can. In addition
 aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets
 could reduce
our revenue and operating margins. We also compete with other employers in our markets for workers and may become subject to higher
labor costs as a result of such competition.

The
recent global coronavirus outbreak could harm our business and results of operations.

In
March 2020 the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak
 which
has continued to spread
 and any related adverse public health developments
 has adversely affected workforces
 customers
 economies
and financial markets globally
 potentially leading to an economic downturn. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many
businesses
 including ours. This outbreak could decrease spending
 adversely affect demand for our product and harm our business
and results of operations. It is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak
and its effects on our business or results of operations at this time.

Disruption
within our supply chain
 contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

Our
ability
 through our suppliers
 business partners
 contract manufacturers
 independent distributors and retailers
 to produce
transport
 distribute and sell products is critical to our success.

Damage
or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
terrorism
 pandemics such as COVD-19 and influenza
 labor strikes or other reasons
 could impair the manufacture
 distribution
and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or
mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely
affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


    
    


In
addition
 our reliance on a limited number of manufacturers and suppliers could further increase this risk. Most of our suppliers
and manufacturers produce similar products for other companies
 and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses.
Further
 it takes a newly engaged manufacturer typically up to nine months of retrofitting/ preparation before it can begin producing
our products. We have contracts in place to produce sufficient units to meet projected demand; however
 if one of our manufactures
fails to perform
 we would be faced with a significant interruption in our supply chain. If one of our manufacturers or suppliers
fails to perform or deliver products
 for any reason
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
if we are unable to meet our customers&rsquo; demands due to a disruption in our supply chain
 we may lose that customer which
could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
dependence on independent contract manufacturers could make management of our manufacturing and distribution efforts inefficient
or unprofitable.

We
are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements
 which is customary
in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the
particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located
 we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers
to use. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing
arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
we may produce more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential
risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory
levels may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a material
adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those distributors and key accounts.

If
we do not adequately manage our inventory levels
 our operating results could be adversely affected.

We
need to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. Our inventory supply
depends on our ability to correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
particularly for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or
are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If
we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage
costs
 increased trade spending and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
 we could
damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would unfavorably
impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our
distributors and retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products
 which would also unfavorably impact
our sales and adversely affect our operating results.

Increases
in costs of packaging
 ingredients and contract manufacturing tolling fees may have an adverse impact on our gross margin.

Packaging
costs such as paper and aluminum cans have experienced industry wide price increases in the past and there is always the risk
that the company&rsquo;s co-packers increase their toll rates based on increases in their fixed and variable costs. If the Company
is unable to pass on these costs
 the gross margin will be significantly impacted.

Litigation
or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.

We
may become party to litigation claims and legal proceedings. Litigation involves significant risks
 uncertainties and costs
 including
distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to
assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments
and estimates
 we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments
and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management
judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our
policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable
to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 our policies and
procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct
by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or
criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines
 as well as disgorgement of profits.


    
    


We
have identified a material weakness in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If
not remediated
 our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial
obligations
 each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common
stock.

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. As discussed in Item 9A &ndash; &ldquo;Controls and Procedures&rdquo; of this Form 10-K
 we have
re-evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that they
were not effective as of December 31
 2020.

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has concluded that there is a material weakness due to the control environment.
The control environment is impacted due to the company&rsquo;s inadequate segregation of duties.

The
Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses as promptly as possible. Implementation of the Company&rsquo;s remediation
plans has commenced and is being overseen by the audit committee. However
 there can be no assurance as to when these material
weaknesses will be remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Even effective internal control
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Any failure
to remediate the material weaknesses or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting

 which in turn could

meet our financial reporting obligations.

Fluctuations
in various food and supply costs
 particularly fruit and dairy
 could adversely affect our operating results.

Supplies
and prices of the various ingredients that we are going to use to can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal
fluctuations
 demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries.

These
factors subject us to shortages or interruptions in product supplies
 which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In
addition
 the prices of fruit and dairy
 which are the main ingredients in our products
 can be highly volatile. The fruit of
the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis
 depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase
in pricing of any fruit that we are going to use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure our fruit supply.

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel
 and our business may
be severely disrupted if we lose their services.

Our
future success heavily depends on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If one or more of our
senior executives is unable or unwilling to continue to work for us in his present position
 we may have to spend a considerable
amount of time and resources searching
 recruiting
 and integrating a replacement into our operations
 which would substantially
divert management&rsquo;s attention from our business and severely disrupt our business. This may also adversely affect our ability
to execute our business strategy.


    
    


Our
senior management&rsquo;s limited experience managing a publicly traded company may divert management&rsquo;s attention from operations
and harm our business.

Our
senior management team has relatively limited experience managing a publicly traded company and complying with federal securities
laws
 including compliance with recently adopted disclosure requirements on a timely basis. Our management will be required to
design and implement appropriate programs and policies in responding to increased legal
 regulatory compliance and reporting requirements
and any failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties and harm our business.

We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified
 experienced
 highly skilled personnel
 which could adversely affect the implementation
of our business plan.

Our
success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract
 retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we
become a more mature company in the future
 we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed
in attracting
 hiring and integrating excellent personnel
 or retaining and motivating existing personnel
 we may be unable to
grow effectively. The loss of any key employee
 including members of our senior management team
 and our inability to attract
highly skilled personnel with sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business.

Product
liability exposure may expose us to significant liability.

We
may face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability and other claims and lawsuits in the event that the development
or use of our technology or prospective products is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects. We may not be able to avoid significant
liability exposure. Although we believe our insurance coverage to be adequate
 we may not have sufficient insurance coverage
and we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage at a reasonable cost. An inability to obtain product liability insurance
at acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization
of our products. A product liability claim could hurt our financial performance. Even if we ultimately avoid financial liability
for this type of exposure
 we may incur significant costs in defending ourselves that could hurt our financial performance and
condition.

Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights may force us to incur unanticipated costs.

Our
success will depend
 in part
 on our ability to obtain and maintain protection in the United States and internationally for certain
intellectual property incorporated into our products. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged
 narrowed
 invalidated
or circumvented
 which could limit our ability to prevent competitors from marketing similar solutions that limit the effectiveness
of our patent protection and force us to incur unanticipated costs. In addition
 existing laws of some countries in which we may
provide services or solutions may offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights.

Our
products may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties
 and third parties may infringe our proprietary rights
either of which may result in lawsuits
 distraction of management and the impairment of our business.

As
the number of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks and other intellectual property rights in our industry increases
 products based
on our technology may increasingly become the subject of infringement claims. Third parties could assert infringement claims against
us in the future. Infringement claims with or without merit could be time consuming
 result in costly litigation
 cause product
shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 might
not be available on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement
of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Litigation to determine the validity of any
claims
 whether or not the litigation is resolved in our favor
 could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts
of our technical and management personnel from productive tasks. If there is an adverse ruling against us in any litigation
 we
may be required to pay substantial damages
 discontinue the use and sale of infringing products and expend significant resources
to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses to infringing technology. Our failure to develop or license a substitute
technology could prevent us from selling our products.


    
    



If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research
 or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
 about our business
 our
share price and trading volume could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock may be impacted
 in part
 by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts
publish about our business or us. There can be no assurance that analysts will cover us
 continue to cover us or provide favorable
coverage. If one or more analysts downgrade our stock or change their opinion of our stock
 our share price may decline. In addition
if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in
the financial markets
 which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company
 and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.

As
a public company
 we will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various
requirements on public companies
 including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate
governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives. Moreover
 these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly.

We
cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to continue to operate as a public company
 nor can we
predict the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations
 in many cases due
to their lack of specificity
 and
 as a result
 their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.

Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

As
a Delaware corporation
 we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits United States
companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business. Some foreign companies
 including some that may compete with our Company
 may not be subject to these prohibitions.
Corruption
 extortion
 bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in countries in which
we conduct our business. However
 our employees or other agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible.
If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences
that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

It
is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales because our distributors and national accounts may not be required
to place minimum orders with us.

Our
distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the timing
or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products
from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally
 our larger distributors and partners
may make orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in inventory levels
 supply of raw
materials or other key supplies could negatively affect us.

If
we do not adequately manage our inventory levels
 our operating results could be adversely affected.

We
need to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products on a timely basis. Our inventory supply depends on our
ability to correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly
for new products
 seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to
maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate
retailer demand for our products
 we may end up with too much inventory
 resulting in higher storage costs
 increased trade spend
and the risk of obsolete inventory. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand
 we could damage our relationships with
our retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect
our operating results.


    
    



Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity.

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB
 which is a significantly more limited trading market than the New York Stock Exchange
 or
the NASDAQ Stock Market. The quotation of the Company&rsquo;s shares on the OTCQB may result in a less liquid market available
for existing and potential shareholders to trade shares of our common stock
 could depress the trading price of our common stock
and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.

There
is limited liquidity on the OTCQB
 which may result in stock price volatility and inaccurate quote information.

When
fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTCQB
 price volatility may increase and price movement may outpace the ability
to deliver accurate quote information. Due to lower trading volumes in shares of our common stock
 there may be a lower likelihood
of one&rsquo;s orders for shares of our common stock being executed
 and current prices may differ significantly from the price
one was quoted at the time of one&rsquo;s order entry.

If
we are unable to adequately fund our operations
 we may be forced to voluntarily file for deregistration of our common stock with
the SEC.

Compliance
with the periodic reporting requirements required by the SEC consumes a considerable amount of both internal
 as well external
resources and represents a significant cost for us. If we are unable to continue to devote adequate funding and the resources
needed to maintain such compliance
 while continuing our operations
 we could be forced to deregister with the SEC. After the
deregistration process
 our common stock would only be tradable on the &ldquo;Pink Sheets&rdquo; and could suffer a decrease in
or absence of liquidity.

Because
we became public by means of a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.

Additional
risks may exist since we became public through a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo;. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may
not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. We
cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our Company in the future.

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds
in future securities offerings.

Future
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that such sales may occur
could adversely affect the then prevailing market price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds
in the future through a public offering of our securities.

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 so you may be unable to sell at or near asking prices or at all if you need to sell your shares
to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares.

Currently
the Company&rsquo;s common stock is quoted in the OTCQB and future trading volume may be limited by the fact that many major institutional
investment funds
 including mutual funds
 as well as individual investors follow a policy of not investing in OTCQB stocks and
certain major brokerage firms restrict their brokers from recommending OTCQB stocks because they are considered speculative
 volatile
and thinly traded. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges and our common stock
is subject to abuses
 volatility and shorting. Thus
 there is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for
the Company&rsquo;s common stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally
result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces
the liquidity of the shares traded there.


    
    



The
trading volume of our common stock has been and may continue to be limited and sporadic. As a result of such trading activity
the quoted price for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of its fair market
value. Further
 if we cease to be quoted
 holders would find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and as a result
 the market value of our common stock likely
would decline.

Our
common stock is subject to price volatility unrelated to our operations.

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors
 including market perception of our
ability to achieve our planned growth
 quarterly operating results of other companies in the same industry
 trading volume in
our common stock
 changes in general conditions in the economy and the financial markets or other developments affecting the Company&rsquo;s
competitors or the Company itself. In addition
 the OTCQB is subject to extreme price and volume fluctuations in general. This
volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their
operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock.

We
are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock.

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB. Our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15(g)-9
 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act as long as the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share. Under such rule
 broker-dealers
who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special
sales practice requirements
 including a requirement that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock
Reform Act of 1990 also requires additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock.
Generally
 the Commission defines a penny stock as any equity security not traded on a national exchange that has a market price
of less than $5.00 per share. The required penny stock disclosures include the delivery
 prior to any transaction
 of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Such requirements could severely limit the market
liquidity of the securities and the ability of purchasers to sell their securities in the secondary market.

Because
we do not intend to pay dividends
 shareholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in
value.

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our preferred stock or common stock. For the foreseeable future
 it is expected
that earnings
 if any
 generated from our operations will be used to finance the growth of our business
 and that no dividends
will be paid to holders of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result
 the success of an investment in our common stock will
depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There can be no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value.

The
price of our common stock may become volatile
 which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation.

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as:


actual
                                         or anticipated variations in our operating results;

announcements
                                         of developments by us or our competitors;

announcements
                                         by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures
                                         or capital commitments;

adoption
                                         of new accounting standards affecting our industry;

additions
                                         or departures of key personnel;

introduction
                                         of new products by us or our competitors;

sales
                                         of our common stock or other securities in the open market; and

other
                                         events or factors
 many of which are beyond our control.


    
    



The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past
 following periods of volatility in the market
price of a company&rsquo;s securities
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation
initiated against us
 whether or not successful
 could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management&rsquo;s attention
and Company resources
 which could harm our business and financial condition.

Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock.

We
intend to continue to seek financing through the issuance of equity or convertible securities to fund our operations. In the future
we may also issue additional equity securities resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present shareholders.
We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common
stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees
 future acquisitions or for other business purposes. The future issuance
of any such additional shares of common stock will result in dilution to our shareholders and may create downward pressure on
the trading price of our common stock.

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company
 which may be beneficial to
our stockholders
 more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage
 delay or prevent a merger
 acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable
 including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium
for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of
our common stock
 thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition
 because our board of directors is responsible
for appointing the members of our management team
 these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors.
In addition
 because we are incorporated in Delaware
 we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law
 which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining
with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding
voting stock
 unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.


Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive offices are located at 3600 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720
 Los Angeles
 90010. Beginning in April 2019
 we
leased this office space pursuant to a direct lease for $6
457 per month through  March 31
 2023.


Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

Neither
the Company nor its subsidiaries are party to or have property that is the subject of any material pending legal proceedings.
We may be subject to ordinary legal proceedings incidental to our business from time to time that are not required to be disclosed
under this Item 3.


Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.


Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market
Information

Our
common stock is currently traded on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;BRFH&rdquo;. Our common stock had been quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board since July 27
 2011 under the symbol MVBX. Effective February 29
 2012
 our symbol changed to BRFH based on the
forward split and name change. On March 21
 2012
 our common stock was delisted to Pink Sheets. On January 21
 2014
 we registered
our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations
for the applicable period. These quotations as reported by the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 markdown
or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
Bid
    Quotation

Financial
    Quarter Ended
High
    ($)
Low
    ($)

    
    
    

December
    31
 2020
    
    

September
    30
 2020
    
    

June 30
 2020
    
    

March 31
    2020
    
    

December 31
    2019
    
    

September
    30
 2019
    
    

June 30
 2019
    
    

March 31
    2019
    
    




At
March 15
 2021
 there were 149
133
372 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by 99 stockholders
of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial
owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers and registered clearing agencies.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities
Act that were not included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Company

There
were no purchases of equity securities made by the Company in the period covered by this report.



    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The
following table provides information
 as of December 31
 2020
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under
our equity compensation plans:




Plan
    Category
Number
    of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights (a)
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights (b)
Number
    of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in Column
    (a))(c)

    
    
    
    

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders
7
640
959
    
7
359
041

Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
640
959
    
7
359
041



Transfer
Agent

Our
transfer agent
 Action Stock Transfer
 is located at 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd
 Suite 214
 Salt Lake City
 Utah 84121
 and its telephone
number is (801) 274-1088.


Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The
information and financial data discussed below is derived from the audited financial statements of Barfresh for its fiscal year
ended December 31
 2020 and for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019. The financial statements of Barfresh were prepared and
presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The information and financial data
discussed below is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes
of Barfresh contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements based
on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors. See &ldquo;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements&rdquo; above for a
discussion of forward-looking statements and the significance of such statements in the context of this Annual Report.

The
Company&rsquo;s products are made in four formats. The first is in portion controlled single serving beverage ingredient packs
suitable for smoothies
 shakes and frappes that can also be utilized for cocktails and mocktails. These packs contain all of the
ingredients necessary to make a smoothie
 shake or frappe
 including the ice. Simply add water
 empty the packet into a blender
blend and serve. The second format is the bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo; format. The Company&rsquo;s bulk &ldquo;Easy Pour&rdquo;
format also contains all of the solid ingredients necessary to make the beverage
 packaged in gallon containers in a concentrated

new WHIRLZ 100% Juice Concentrates. These new 5:1 juice concentrates are a perfect complement to the company&rsquo;s current existing

ready-to-drink bottled smoothie
 &ldquo;Twist &amp; Go&rdquo;&trade;
 This sweet fruit and creamy yogurt smoothie contains four
ounces of yogurt and a half-cup of fruit/fruit juice and comes in two different flavors.


    
    



Domestic
and international patents and patents pending are owned by Barfresh
 as well as related trademarks for all of the single serve
products. Patent rights have been granted in 13 jurisdictions including the United States. In addition
 the Company has purchased
all of the trademarks related to the patented products.

The
Company conducts sales through several channels
 including National Accounts
 Regional Accounts
 and Broadline Distributors. Barfresh&rsquo;s
primary broadline distribution arrangement is through an exclusive nationwide agreement with Sysco Corporation (&ldquo;Sysco&rdquo;)
the U.S.&rsquo;s largest broadline distributor
 which was entered into during July 2014. Pursuant to that agreement
 all Barfresh
products are included in Sysco&rsquo;s national core selection of beverage items
 making Barfresh its exclusive single-serve
pre-portioned beverage provider. The agreement is mutually exclusive; however
 Barfresh may also sell the products to other foodservice
distributors
 but only to the extent required for such foodservice distributors to service multi-unit chain operators with at
least 20 units and where Sysco is not such multi- unit chain operator&rsquo;s nominated distributor for our products. On October
2
 2019
 the exclusive distribution agreement with Sysco expired
 opening the possibility to expand distribution with other distributors
outside of the Sysco system.

During
2016 and 2017 the Company announced that it had signed supply agreements with several of the major global on-site foodservice
operators. On March 8
 2018
 the Company announced that it had signed a new supply agreement with one of the largest of these
foodservice operators
 for exclusive distribution of four Barfresh single serve skus. On November 14
 2018
 the Company announced
that it had received approval for multiple products to be rolled out to a national restaurant chain with over 2
500 locations.

On
October 26
 2015
 Barfresh signed a five-year agreement with PepsiCo North America Beverages
 a division of PepsiCo
 to become
its exclusive sales representative within the food service channel to present the Barfresh line of ready-to-blend smoothies and
frozen beverages throughout the United States and Canada. Through this agreement
 Barfresh&rsquo; products are included as part
of PepsiCo&rsquo;s offerings to its significant customer base. The agreement facilitates access to potential National customer
accounts
 through introductions provided by PepsiCo&rsquo;s one thousand plus person foodservice sales team. Barfresh products
have become part of PepsiCo&rsquo;s customer presentations at national trade shows and similar venues. On May 30
 2019
 the Company
amended its agreement with Pepsi which included a reduction in the commission fee and a clause which allows either party the right
to terminate the agreement upon 90 days written notice. Neither party has exercised its right to terminate the agreement.

Barfresh
utilizes contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the products in the United States.

During
November 2016
 the Company received an equity investment from Unibel
 the majority shareholder of the Bel Group (&ldquo;Unibel&rdquo;).
The Bel Group is headquartered in Paris
 France
 with global operations in 33 countries
 30 production sites on 4 continents and
nearly 12
000 employees. Its many branded products
 including The Laughing Cow&reg;
 Mini Babybel&reg; and Boursin&reg;
 are sold
in over 130 countries around the world. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement
 Unibel purchased 15
625
000 shares of common
stock at $0.64 per share (&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) and warrants to purchase 7
812
500 shares of common stock (&ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;)
for aggregate gross proceeds to Barfresh of $10 million. The Warrants are exercisable for a term of five years at a per share
price of $.88 for cash. Pursuant to the Investor Rights agreement
 Barfresh has registered the Shares and the Warrants
 and Unibel
was granted a seat on the Barfresh Board. This strategic investment provided Barfresh with necessary capital while leveraging
Unibel&rsquo;s more than 150 years of industrial expertise
 innovative capabilities
 world-class marketing and branding expertise
to accelerate our growth in new and existing markets and product channels.

On
February 14
 2018
 the Company announced the private placement of convertible notes with gross proceeds of $4.1 million The closing
of the first 60% of this amount occurred between March 12 and 22
 2018
 after notice was issued by the Company that it had entered
into a material agreement or series of related agreements with a national account for the sale of its products into approximately
1
000 new locations. The remaining 40% of the principal amount was to be received upon achieving a second milestone
 which is
entering into a material agreement or series of related agreements with a national account for the sale of its products into approximately
2
500 new locations. During November of 2018 the Company and several of the Convertible Note investors agreed to amend the definition
of Milestone 2 to allow for the funding the remaining 40% of the principal amount upon the Company receiving approval from a National
Restaurant Chain with over 2
500 for the rollout of its products. Such approval was received during the fourth quarter of 2018
and the Company received an additional $1.4 million of convertible note proceeds.


    
    



The
convertible notes are unsecured and have (i) a two-year term
 (ii) a 10% annual coupon to be paid in cash or stock at the Company&rsquo;s
discretion at a conversion price equal to 85% of the average closing bid prices of the Common Stock over the twenty (20) consecutive
trading day period immediately preceding the payment date
 but in no event lower than sixty cents ($0.60) per share of Common
Stock. The investor&rsquo;s may elect to convert their principal into common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of:
(i) $0.88 per share of Common Stock
 or (ii) 85% of the average closing bid prices of the Common Stock over the twenty (20) consecutive
trading day period immediately preceding the date of investor&rsquo;s election to convert; but in no event lower than $0.60 per
share of Common Stock. Investors also received warrant coverage of 25% of the number of shares that would be issuable upon a full
conversion of the principal amount at an average of the twenty consecutive trading day period immediately preceding the applicable
closing date. If any principal amount remains outstanding after the one-year anniversary of the closing
 investors will be granted
an additional warrant with identical terms. The warrants are exercisable for a period of three years for cash at the greater of
120% of the closing price or $0.70 per share of common stock. After the initial private placement
 investors were offered the
opportunity to accelerate the issuance of the additional warrant by increasing their convertible note investment by 10% to 20%.
After the close of the first quarter 2018
 a number of investors took advantage of this acceleration opportunity
 resulting in
an increase in the amount of the total convertible note by $177
300 and the issuance of 930
332 additional warrants. During the
fourth quarter 2018
 four of the convertible note investors elected to convert their notes into stock
 with a total of $453
000
of convertible debt
 plus accrued interest being converted into stock.

During
the fourth quarter of 2018
 one investor exercised 833
333 N warrants for cash
 at $0.45 per share. $221
918 of the proceeds of
that transaction were used to pay down a short term note payable
 held by the same investor
 in the amount of $200
000
 plus accrued
interest. The balance of the proceeds of the N warrant exercise
 in the amount of $153
082 were received by the Company.

During
the first quarter of 2019
 the Company completed additional funding
 including a Private Placement Offering for common shares
priced at $0.60 per share
 resulting in the receipt of capital investment in the amount of $2.4 million and the issuance of 4
000
000
shares. In addition
 during the first quarter of 2019 the Company offered to reduce the exercise price on its I Warrants from
$1 to $0.60
 for a limited time. During the time this offer was open
 I Warrant holders converted 2
841
454 warrants at $0.60
resulting in the receipt of capital investment in the amount of $1.7 million. In addition
 during the first quarter of 2019
 one
investor exercised G series warrants
 resulting in the receipt of capital investment in the amount of $180
000
 and the issuance
of 300
000 shares. In total
 during the first quarter of 2019 the Company raised $4.3 million and issued 7
141
454 shares
 and
no additional warrants were issued.

On
March 23
 2020
 the Company completed additional funding
 including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced at $0.50
per share (subject to adjustment) resulting in the receipt of proceeds in the amount of $3
825
000 million and the issuance of
7
650
000 shares. The investors of this Private Placement Offering were granted O warrants which are eligible to purchase an additional
0.50 shares for every share issued to each purchaser
 exercisable for a period of 3 years at an exercise price of $0.60 per share
(subject to adjustment). If the volume-weighted average trading price for the 20 consecutive trading days that conclude upon 6
months after the initial closing (the &ldquo;Six Month Price&rdquo;) exceeds or equals $0.50 per share (the &ldquo;Target Price&rdquo;)
the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase
price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company
shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor&rsquo;s investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference
between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such
purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference
between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor
at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in
no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10
per share and the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share. On September 28
 2020
 the Company determined the
volume-weighted average price was below the $0.35 per share and consequently issued 5
322
868 additional shares in accordance
with provisions of the Private Placement Offering. Similarly
 the Company issued an additional 2
652
868 Warrants to investors
that contributed capital or exercised the conversion of their convertible note. Lastly
 the Company issued an additional 459
000
Warrants for convertible noteholders that extended their convertible notes.


    
    



In
addition
 the Company obtained a 24 month extension on $1
071
000 in principal
 and conversion of $720
000 of principal of the
Milestone I Convertible Notes at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. The remaining $110
166 was extended for thirty days. The
interest rate on the principal balance of the extended Milestone I Convertible Notes was amended to 15%. Furthermore
 the Company
obtained a 12 month extension on $168
000 in principal
 and conversion of $1
128
000 in principal of the Milestone II Convertible
Notes. The Convertible Noteholders of the Milestone I and II Convertible Notes were granted additional interest depending upon
their election to convert or extend their Convertible Notes.

Currently
we have 12 employees and 3 consultants.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

Revenue
Recognition

In
accordance with ASC 606
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo;
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains ownership
of promised goods. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to
receive in exchange for these goods. The Company applies the following five steps:



    
    
Identify
    the contract with a customer

    
    
    

    
    
A
    contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each
    party&rsquo;s rights
 (ii) the contract has commercial substance and
 (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially
    all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company
 the contract is the approved sales
    order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Identify
    the performance obligation in the contract

    
    
    

    
    
Performance
    obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or that will be transferred to the customer. For the
    Company
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages
 which provide immediate benefit to the customer.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the transaction price

    
    
    

    
    
The
    transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring
    goods and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration
 which typically includes volume-based rebates
    or discounts
 are estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.

    
    
    

    
    
Allocate
                                         the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 
        
Since
        our contracts contain a single performance obligation
 delivery of frozen beverages
 the transaction price is allocated
        to that single performance obligation.

    
    
    

    
    
Recognize
    Revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company recognizes revenue from the sale of frozen beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the
    goods
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based
    rebates or discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are
    treated as fulfillment costs and presented in distribution
 selling and administrative costs.



    
    



Stock-based
Compensation

We
account for share-based employee compensation plans under the fair value recognition and measurement provisions in accordance
with applicable accounting standards
 which require all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of stock options and
restricted stock units (RSUs)
 to be measured based on the grant date fair value of the awards
 with the resulting expense generally
recognized on a straight-line basis over the period during which the employee is required to perform service in exchange for the
award.

Convertible
Notes

We
issue debt that may have separate warrants
 conversion features
 or no equity-linked attributes. When we issue debt with warrants
we determine the value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model (&ldquo;Black-Scholes&rdquo;) using the stock
price on the date of issuance
 the risk free interest rate associated with the life of the debt
 and the estimated volatility
of our stock. When we issue debt with a conversion feature
 we must first assess whether the conversion feature meets the requirements
to be treated as a derivative. If the conversion feature within convertible debt meets the requirements to be treated as a derivative
we estimate the fair value of the convertible debt derivative using Black-Scholes upon the date of issuance
 using the stock price
on the date of issuance
 the risk free interest rate associated with the life of the debt
 and the estimated volatility of our
stock. If the conversion feature is not treated as a derivative
 we assess whether it is a beneficial conversion feature (&ldquo;BCF&rsquo;).
A BCF exists if the conversion price of the convertible debt instrument is less than the stock price on the commitment date. This
typically occurs when the conversion price is less than the fair value of the stock on the date the instrument was issued. The
value of a BCF is equal to the intrinsic value of the feature
 the difference between the conversion price and the common stock
into which it is convertible.

Derivative
Liability

The
Company evaluates its convertible instruments
 options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded
components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and
Hedging.&rdquo; The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of any derivative is marked-to-market each balance
sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value
is recorded in the statement of operations as gain/loss from derivative liability. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative
instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity.
We analyzed the derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815. The objective is to provide guidance for determining
whether an equity-linked financial instrument is indexed to an entity&rsquo;s own stock. This determination is needed for a scope
exception which would enable a derivative instrument to be accounted for under the accrual method. The classification of a non-derivative
instrument that falls within the scope of ASC 815-40-05 &ldquo;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and
Potentially Settled in
 a Company&rsquo;s Own Stock&rdquo; also hinges on whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&rsquo;s
own stock. A non-derivative instrument that is not indexed to an entity&rsquo;s own stock cannot be classified as equity and must
be accounted for as a liability. There is a two-step approach in determining whether an instrument or embedded feature is indexed
to an entity&rsquo;s own stock. First
 the instrument&rsquo;s contingent exercise provisions
 if any
 must be evaluated
 followed
by an evaluation of the instrument&rsquo;s settlement provisions. The Company utilized the fair value standard set forth by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board
 defined as the amount at which the assets (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or
sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale.


    
    


Results
of Operations

Revenue
and cost of revenue

Revenue
decreased $1
739
238
 or -40%
 from $4
306
785 in 2019 to $2
567
547 in 2020. The overall revenue for 2020 was lower due to decreased
sales of both single serve and bulk product which was directly impacted by COVID-19.

Cost
of revenue for 2020 was $1
784
537 as compared to $1
928
210 in 2019. Our gross profit was $764
072 (30%) and $2
313
209 (54%)
for 2020 and 2019
 respectively. This decline was mainly driven by the COVID 19 pandemic in 2020. In addition
 gross margins were
lower due to product mix which included the launch of the new 8oz bottle and 5:1 juice concentrate. Also contributing to the lower
gross profit were inventory price and quantity adjustments along with higher customer rebates. Depreciation from manufacturing
equipment was $18
938 and $65
366 for December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Operating
expenses

Our
operations were primarily directed towards increasing sales and expanding our distribution network.

Our
general and administrative expenses decreased $2
470
590 (36%) from $6
850
566 in 2019 to $4
379
976 in 2020
 with the improvement
driven by lower personnel expenses resulting from reduced headcount
 reduced marketing and selling expense from a renegotiated
distribution agreement. The following is a breakdown of our general and administrative expenses for the years 2020 and 2019.



    
Year
                                         ended
December
                                         31

Year
                                         ended
December
                                         31

    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Personnel
    costs
1
581
414
2
837
685
(1
256
271
    

Stock
    based compensation/options
276
641
225
026
51
615
    

Legal
    and professional fees
300
047
305
155
(5
108
    

    
86
569
358
455
(271
886
    

    
82
194
92
608
(10
414
    

Marketing
    and selling
205
050
568
107
(363
057
    

Consulting
    fees
75
890
118
971
(43
081
    

Director
    fees
187
500
245
386
(57
886
    

Research
    and development
515
145
538
391
(23
246
    

Shipping
    and storage
488
465
751
237
(262
772
    

Other
    expenses
581
061
809
545
(228
485
    

    
4
379
976
6
850
566
(2
470
590
    


Personnel
cost represents the cost of employees including salaries
 bonuses
 employee benefits and employment taxes for the years 2020 and
2019 and continues to be our largest cost. Personnel cost decreased $1
256
271 (44%) from $2
837
685 to $1
581
414. At year end
2019 we had 17 full time employees
 and we currently have 12 full time employees.


    
    


Stock
based compensation is used as an incentive to attract new employees and to compensate existing employees. Stock based compensation
includes stock issued and options granted to employees. Stock compensation for the year ended December 31
 2020 was $276
641
an increase of $51
615
 or 23%
 from the year ended December 31
 2019 expense of $225
026. The increase is primarily due to changes
in our workforce and the timing of equity grants. The Company issues additional stock options to its employees from time to time
under its Equity Compensation Plan.

Legal
and professional fees decreased 2%
 or $5
108
 from $305
155 in 2019 to $300
047 in 2020. The decrease was primarily due to reduced
legal services required. We anticipate legal fees related to our business and financing activities to decrease as we have renegotiated
arrangements with existing service providers.

Travel
expenses decreased $271
886 (76%) from $358
455 in 2019 to $86
569 in 2020. The decrease is primarily due to reduced travel associated
with terminated employees and COVID restrictions. We anticipate that travel expenses for 2021 will increase compared to the current
year as business resume after COVID restriction lifted.

Rent
expense decreased $10
414 (11%)
 from $92
608 in 2019
 to $82
194 in 2020. Rent expense is primarily for our location in Los Angeles
California. Rent expense for the Los Angeles office is approximately $6
500 per month. We lease office space at 3600 Wilshire
Boulevard
 Los Angeles
 California pursuant to a new lease that commenced on April 1
 2019 and expires March 31
 2023.

Marketing
and selling expenses decreased $363
057 (64%) from $568
107 in 2019 to $205
050 in 2020. Lower marketing and selling expenses
were primarily due to lower percentage commission associated with a renegotiated distribution agreement.

Consulting
fees decreased $43
081 (36%)
 from $118
971 in 2019
 to $75
890 in 2020. The decrease was due primarily to services related to
consulting to improve sales operations. Our consulting fees vary based on needs. We engaged consultants in the areas of sales
operations during both 2020 and 2019. The need for future consulting services will be variable.

Director
fees decreased $57
886
 or 24%
 from $245
386 in 2019 to $187
500 in 2020 due to director and officer insurance premiums. Annual
director fees are anticipated at $50
000 per non-employee director.

Research
and development expenses decreased $23
246 (4%) from $538
391 in 2019 to $515
145 in 2020 due to reduced product development activity
with national accounts and fewer market tests. These expenses relate to the services performed by our Director of Manufacturing
and Product Development
 and consultants supporting that employee. These activities are primarily directed towards to development
of new products.

Shipping
and storage expense decreased $262
772 (35%) from $751
237 in 2019 to $488
465 in 2020. This improvement is primarily due to the
growth of the scale of our business
 and the corresponding cost savings associated with freight movement. We anticipate that shipping
and storage expense as a percentage of sales will continue to reduce in the future
 as the Company continues to take advantage
of more efficient distribution arrangements.

Other
expenses consist of ordinary operating expenses such as investor relations
 office
 telephone
 insurance
 and stock related costs.
Other expense decreased $228
485
 from $809
545 in 2019 to $581
061 in 2020
 driven mainly by equipment repair
 recruiting
and insurance expense.

Other
(income)/expenses

Interest
expense decreased $734
119 (60%) from $1
213
263 in 2019 to $479
144 in 2020. This decrease is due to the conversion and repayment
of $2
005
366 of convertible notes during 2020.

The
change in fair value of the derivative liability resulted in gains of $156
540 and $1
114
625 for the years ended December 31
2020 and 2019
 respectively. The gain was driven by the decrease in the stock price of the Company.



    
    



We
recorded a net gain on extinguishment of debt of $379
200 which was comprised of a gain of $437
201
 offset by a loss of $58
001.
The gain of $437
201 related to the portion of convertible notes that were converted to common stock on March 20
 2020. The loss
on extinguishment of debt of $58
001 related to the portion of convertible notes that were extended by either 24 months for Milestone
I
 or 12 months for Milestone II.

The
warrant modification was revalued at February 22
 2019 with a value of $849
505. The difference in fair value immediately before
and after the modification of the warrant resulted in a loss of $307
460. There was no warrant modification in 2020.

We
had net losses of $4
152
506 and $5
593
302 for the years 2020 and 2019
 respectively. This reduction in net loss
 in the
amount of $1
440
796
 or 26%
 is primarily attributable to the same factors that drove the improvement in operating losses
partially offset by certain non-cash charges
 including higher interest
 warrant modification
 and gain from derivative liability
in 2019. Also due to COVID-19
 there were reductions in personnel
 travel
 marketing and selling costs.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had a working capital surplus of $1
196
741 as compared with a working capital surplus of $146
337 at
December 31
 2019. The increase in working capital surplus is primarily due to higher available cash with the issuance of stock
for capital raise of $3
825
000 and the Paycheck Protection Program loan proceeds of $568
131
 and increased accrued expenses
offset by higher inventory and account receivables.

The
Company was granted a $568
131 loan under the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) administered by a Small Business Administration
(SBA) approved partner. The loan
 which matures in two years
 is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government.
The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded
a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan obligation by the SBA. No forgiveness
income has been recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus
interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be forgiven or only partially
forgiven. Subsequent to December 31
 2020 the Company received an addition loan of $568
131 which is not reflected in our consolidated
financial statements.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we used cash of $3
197
782 in operations
 $59
662 for the purchase of equipment
 and
$14
526 for patents and trademarks. The Company received $3
797
800 in cash for issuance of stock
 $568
131 for an SBA PPP loan
and paid $56
692 in operating leases
 $12
008 in debt issuance costs
 and $157
366 in short term debt.

Our
liquidity needs will depend on how quickly we are able to profitably ramp up sales
 as well as our ability to control and reduce
variable operating expenses
 and to continue to control and reduce fixed overhead expense.

During
the first quarter of 2019
 the Company completed additional funding including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced
at $0.60 per share
 resulting in the receipt of capital investment in the amount of $2.4 million and the issuance of 4
000
000
shares. In addition
 during the first quarter of 2019 the Company offered to reduce the exercise price on its I Warrants from
$1 to $0.60
 for a limited time. During the time this offer was open
 I Warrant holders converted 2
841
454 warrants at $0.60
resulting in the receipt of capital investment in the amount of $1.7 million. In addition
 during the first quarter of 2019
 one
investor exercised G series warrants
 resulting in the receipt of capital investment in the amount of $180
000
 and the issuance
of 300
000 shares. In total
 during the first quarter of 2019 the Company has raised $4.3 million and issued 7
141
454 shares
and no additional warrants.


    
    



On
March 23
 2020
 the Company completed additional funding
 including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced at $0.50
per share (subject to adjustment) resulting in the receipt of proceeds in the amount of $3.825 million and the issuance of 7
650
000
shares. The investors of this Private Placement Offering were granted O warrants which are eligible to purchase an additional
0.50 shares for every share issued to each purchaser
 exercisable for a period of 3 years at an exercise price of $0.60 per share
(subject to adjustment). If the volume-weighted average trading price for the 20 consecutive trading days that conclude upon 6
months after the initial closing (the &ldquo;Six Month Price&rdquo;) exceeds or equals $0.50 per share (the &ldquo;Target Price&rdquo;)
the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase
price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company
shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor&rsquo;s investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference
between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such
purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference
between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor
at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in
no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10
per share and the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share. On September 28
 2020
 the Company determined the
volume-weighted average price was below the $0.35 per share and consequently issued 5
322
868 additional shares in accordance
with provisions of the Private Placement Offering. Similarly
 the Company issued an additional 2
652
868 Warrants to investors
that contributed capital or exercised the conversion of their convertible note. Lastly
 the Company issued an additional 459
000
Warrants for convertible noteholders that extended their convertible notes.

In
addition
 the Company obtained a 24 month extension on $1
071
000 in principal
 and conversion of $720
000 of principal of the
Milestone I Convertible Notes at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. The remaining $110
166 was extended for thirty days. The
interest rate on the principal balance of the extended Milestone I Convertible Notes was amended to 15%. Furthermore
 the Company
obtained a 12 month extension on $168
000 in principal
 and conversion of $1
128
000 in principal of the Milestone II Convertible
Notes. The remaining $67
200 was extended for thirty days. The Convertible Noteholders of the Milestone I and II Convertible Notes
were granted additional interest depending upon their election to convert or extend their Convertible Notes.

The
impact of COVID-19 on the Company is evolving rapidly with events unfolding on a daily and weekly basis. The direct impact to
our operations began to take effect at the close of the first quarter ended March 31
 2020. Specifically
 our business
was impacted by the dining bans targeted at restaurants to reduce the size of public gatherings. We note that
restaurant chains have closed operations and furloughed employees which precluded our single serve products from being
served at those establishments for extended periods of time throughout 2020 and still in part in many locations. Furthermore
many school districts closed regular attendance for most of the school year. This directly impacted the sales of
our Bulk Product into that sales channel. We have begun to see various channels begin to open up at varying degrees due to
local restrictions
 although it is still a long way from pre-COVID levels of operation. As the market begins to come back online
we are beginning to experience some disruption in the supply chain and freight for manufacturing and distribution
of our products. The developments surrounding COVID-19 remain fluid and dynamic
 and consequently
 will require the Company
to continue to monitor news headlines from government and health officials
 as well as the business community.

Our
operations to date have been financed by the sale of securities
 the issuance of convertible debt and the issuance of short-term
debt
 including related party advances. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations with the capital raised
we will be required to raise additional funds either in the form of equity or in the form of debt. There are no assurances that
we will be able to generate the necessary capital to carry out our current plan of operations.

We
have entered into a direct lease for new premises covering the period April 1
 2019 to March 31
 2023. The aggregate minimum
requirements under the non-cancellable direct lease as of December 31
 2020 is $178
620.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to stockholders.


Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.


    
    



Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our
consolidated financial statements are included beginning immediately following the signature page to this report. See Item 15
for a list of the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (who is presently also serving
as our interim principal financial officer) and our Controller
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 15(d)-15(e). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive
Officer and our Controller concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31
 2020
 due to inadequate segregation of duties.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 for the Company.

Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020.
The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled &ldquo;Internal
Control &ndash; Integrated Framework&rdquo; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in 2013.

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Controller
 we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rule
15(d)-15(e). Based on this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Controller concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
 2020.

Management
has identified the following material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting:

Management
has concluded that there is a material weakness due to the control environment. The control environment is impacted due to the
company&rsquo;s inadequate segregation of duties.

Since
the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting did identify material weaknesses
 management
considers its internal control over financial reporting to be ineffective.


    
    



Management
recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective
internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or
detect material misstatements. In addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods
because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weakness and enhance our internal control over financial reporting
 we plan to
hire additional financial personnel to help ensure that we are able to properly implement internal control procedures.

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities
of that section
 and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

In
addition
 we note that a different person was identified as our principal financial officer in each of our last three annual reports
on Form 10-K. This lack of continuity and institutional knowledge has also affected internal control over financial reporting.


Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Report:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

    
Steven
    Lang
    
    
    
    

    
Arnold
    Tinter
    
    
    
Secretary
    and Director

    
Joseph
    M. Cugine
    
    
    
    

    
Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
    
    

    
Alexander
    H. Ware
    
    
    
    

    
Justin
    Borus
    
    
    
    


Riccardo
 has been the Chairman of our board of directors
 President and Chief Executive Officer since January 10
 2012.
He has also been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Barfresh Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary
(&ldquo;Barfresh NV&rdquo;)
 since its inception. Mr. Delle Coste is the inventor of the patented technology and the creator of
Barfresh. Mr. Delle Coste developed a unique system using controlled pre-packaged portions to deliver a freshly made smoothie
that is quick
 cost efficient
 healthy and with no waste. In building the business
 he is responsible for securing new business
and maintaining key client relationships. He is also responsible for the development of new product from testing to full-scale
production
 establishment of the manufacturing facilities that have all necessary accreditations
 technology development
 product
improvement and research and development with new product launches. Mr. Delle Coste also has over five years of investment banking
experience. Mr. Delle Coste attended Macquarie University
 Sydney
 Australia while studying for a Bachelor of Commerce for 3.5
years but left to pursue business interests before receiving a degree.

:
Mr. Delle Coste has 17 years of experience within retail
 hospitality and dairy manufacturing.

Steven
 was appointed as Director of the Company on January 10
 2012. He has also served as Secretary of Barfresh NV since
its inception. Prior to joining Barfresh NV
 from 2003 to 2007
 Mr. Lang was a director of Vericap Finance Limited
 a company
that specializes in providing advice to and investing in Australian companies with international growth potential. From 1990 to
1999
 he served as a director of Babcock &amp; Brown&rsquo;s Australian operations where he was responsible for international
structured finance transactions. Mr. Lang received a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of New South
Wales in 1976 and a Master of Laws from the University of Sydney in 1984. He has been a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
in Australia and was licensed to practice foreign law in New York.

:
Mr. Lang has over 40 years of experience in business
 accounting
 law and finance and served as Chairman of an Australian public
company.

Arnold
 was appointed as Director
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company on January 10
 2012. Mr. Tinter
resigned his position as Chief Financial Officer on May 18
 2015
 and served temporarily as Principal Accounting Officer. Mr.
Tinter founded Corporate Finance Group
 Inc.
 a consulting firm located in Denver
 Colorado
 in 1992
 and is its President. Corporate
Finance Group
 Inc.
 is involved in financial consulting in the areas of strategic planning
 mergers and acquisitions and capital
formation. He has been the chief financial officer and a director of other public companies In all of the companies his responsibilities
included oversight of all accounting functions
 including SEC reporting
 strategic planning and capital formation. Since May 2015
he has served as chief financial officer of Bambu Franchising LLC
 LLC
 a privately held company that is a franchisor of Vietnamese-themed
shoppes that serve drinks and desserts. Prior to 1990
 Mr. Tinter was chief executive officer of Source Venture Capital
 a holding
company with investments in the gaming
 printing and retail industries. Mr. Tinter received a B.S. degree in Accounting in 1967
from C.W. Post College
 Long Island University
 and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in Colorado.


    
    


Qualifications:
Mr. Tinter has over 45 years of experience as a Certified Public Accountant and a financial consultant. During his career he served
as a director of numerous public companies.

Joseph
 was appointed as Director of the Company on July 29
 2014 and on April 27
 2015
 was appointed president of
our wholly owned subsidiary
 Barfresh Corporation
 Inc. Mr. Cugine is the owner and president of Cugine Foods and JC Restaurants
a franchisee of Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in New York. He is also president and owner of Restaurant Consulting Group LLC. Prior
to owning and operating his own firms
 Mr. Cugine held a series of leadership roles with PepsiCo
 lastly as chief customer officer
and senior vice president of PepsiCo&rsquo;s Foodservice division. Mr. Cugine also serves on the board of directors of The Chef&rsquo;s
Warehouse
 Inc.
 a publicly traded specialty food products distributor in the U.S.
 as well as Ridgefield Playhouse and R4 Technology.
He received his B.S. degree from St. Joseph&rsquo;s University in Philadelphia.

Qualifications:

 marketing
 operations and supply chain spans more than 25 years. He has extensive industry
contacts and proven experience leading and advising numerous successful food distribution companies.

Isabelle
 was appointed as director of the Company on December 16
 2016. She is the Chief Investment Officer for Unibel
parent company of Bel Group. Bel is an international France-based group
 a world leader in branded cheese business and fruit pouches
with brands such as Laughing Cow
 Mini-Babybel
 Boursin or GoGo Squeez. In that position since January 2016
 Ms. Ortiz-Cochet
drives Unibel diversification strategy
 and leads the investment portfolio development. She was previously VP Strategic Development
at Bel Group Form September 2013 to December 2015. From 2007 to 2013
 based out of Bel&rsquo;s New York office
 Ms. Ortiz-Cochet
led the development of long term strategies in North and South America
 as well as Marketing strategy in the region. Prior to
that position
 she held a number of leadership positions in marketing and global strategy at Bel out of the Paris office
 at French
European and corporate levels. Isabelle began her career with Kimberly Clark in France. Isabelle earned a master&rsquo;s degree
from ESSEC Business School in France
 and an executive MBA from HEC Business School
 France

Pursuant
to the investor rights agreement between Barfresh and Unibel dated November 23
 2016
 Unibel is entitled to appoint one director
to the board of directors of Barfresh
 which director is entitled to sit on each committee of the board of directors selected
by the Unibel
 unless Unibel has beneficial ownership of less than: (i) 75.0% of its Shares; and (ii) 5.0% of the company&rsquo;s
issued and outstanding common stock. Unibel has designated Isabelle Ortiz-Cochet as its board designee. Barfresh has agreed to
call shareholder meetings whenever necessary to ensure Unibel&rsquo;s designee is elected as a director. At any time that Unibel&rsquo;s
designee is not a director
 Unibel&rsquo;s designee will be entitled to be a board observer. Riccardo Delle Coste
 Steven Lang
and their respective affiliates have agreed to vote their shares in favor of Unibel&rsquo;s designee.

Alexander
was appointed as director of the company on July 13
 2016. Since September 2018
 Mr. Ware has served as President
of Foodsby
 Inc.
 a fast-growing meal ordering platform for office buildings. Previously
 he served as Interim President
 Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Buffalo Wild Wings from October 2016 to 2018. From 2012 through 2016
 Mr. Ware was
Executive Chairman of MStar Holding Corporation (MicroStar)
 and had served as Interim Chief Executive Officer in 2013. Prior
to MicroStar
 he served as a Senior Advisor and previously as Executive Vice President of Strategic Development of Pohlad Companies
a family office
 from 2010 to 2015. Starting in 1994
 he served in increasing capacities at PepsiCo
 then PepsiAmericas
 Inc.
culminating as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2005 to 2010. Previously
 he was a Senior Associate at
Booz Allen Hamilton
 Inc. from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Ware received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Hampden-Sydney College
and his Master of Business Administration from the Darden Graduate School of Business at University of Virginia. In addition to
Barfresh
 Mr. Ware currently serves on the board of MStar Holding Corporation and on the advisory board of Stonearch Capital.

:
Mr. Ware has specific and relevant industry experience in the production and marketing of beverages as well as the operations
and management of restaurants. In addition
 Mr. Ware has knowledge in the areas of strategic and financial planning
 corporate
development
 personnel management
 resource allocation and distribution.


    
    


Justin
 was appointed as a Director of the Company on April 29
 2020. Mr. Borus has approximately 20 years of capital markets
expertise. He has been the Chief Investment Officer of Ibex Investors
 LLC
 a firm focused on niche
 differentiated strategies
including microcap companies for over 10 years. Prior to joining Ibex
 he worked in both the private equity and investment banking
groups at Bear
 Stearns &amp; Co. Inc. in New York and London. Mr. Borus has served on the Board of Directors of several non-profits
including the Anti-Defamation League and Colorado Public Radio.

Qualifications:


Term
of Office

Directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of shareholders or until removed from office
in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until the earlier of resignation
or removal.

Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that four of our seven directors are independent
which constitutes a majority.

Board
Committees

We
currently have an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and governance committee. The members of the audit
committee are Arnold Tinter
 Steven Lang and Alexander Ware. The audit committee is primarily responsible for reviewing the services
performed by our independent auditors and evaluating our accounting policies and our system of internal controls. Steven Lang
Arnold Tinter
 and Alexander Ware are independent members of the audit committee
 as defined below. The members of the compensation
committee are Arnold Tinter
 Joe Cugine
 and Riccardo Delle Coste. The compensation committee is primarily responsible for reviewing
and approving our salary and benefits policies (including stock options) and other compensation of our executive officers. The
members of the nominating committee are Arnold Tinter
 Steven Lang
 and Isabelle Ortiz-Cochet. The nominating and governance committee
is primarily responsible for overseeing corporate governance and for identifying
 evaluating and recommending individuals to serve
as directors of the company.

Legal
Proceedings

To
the best of our knowledge
 none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to the
Company
 have any material interest adverse to the Company or have been subject to legal
 administrative or judicial orders
 proceedings
or decrees required to be disclosed.

Code
of Ethics

Our
Chief Executive Officer
 and our Controller are bound by a Code of Ethics that complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-K of the
Exchange Act.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive
officers and beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our equity securities.


    
    


To
our knowledge
 based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e)
during our most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to Barfresh with respect to our most recent fiscal
year
 we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 our directors
 executive officers and persons who own more
than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements with the exception of the following:



    
    
Joseph
    Cugine
 late filing of Form 4

    
    
Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet
 late filing of Form 4

    
    
Alexander
    H. Ware
 late filing of Form 4

    
    
Steve
    Lang
 late filing of Form 4

    
    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste
 late filing of Form 4


Each
late filing reported one transaction unless otherwise indicated. None of our officers or directors submitted Form 5 filings.

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth information about the remuneration of our principal executive officer for services rendered during
our fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and our other executive officers that had total compensation of $100
000 or
more for our last completed full fiscal year (the &ldquo;Named Officers&rdquo;). Certain tables and columns have been omitted
as no information was required to be disclosed under those tables or columns.

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE




Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
Option
                                         awards
All
    other compensation ($)
Total
    ($)

Riccardo
    Delle Coste

    
350
000
67
500
10
800
428
300

Chief
    Executive Officer
    
350
000
82
500
10
800
443
300

    
    
    
    
    
    

Raffi
    Loussararian

    
175
000
24
000
    
199
000

Vice
    President Finance
    
74
936
51
000
    
125
936








    
Of
    the salary earned in 2020
 $213
648 was paid and $136
352 was deferred. In 2019 $232
835 was paid and $117
165 was deferred.

    
    

    
Represents
                                         a stock option grant of 250
000 option shares issued 04/27/2020 with an exercise price
                                         of $0.38
 which vests in equal increments on each of the first
 second and third anniversaries
                                         of the date of grant.
        

    
Represents
    the car allowance paid to Mr. Delle Coste.

    
    

    
Represents
    a stock option grant of 250
000 options shares issued 5/20/19 with an exercise price of $0.45
 which vests in equal increments
    on each of the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant.

    
    

    
Represents
                                         a stock option grant of 100
000 shares issued 01/06/2020 with an exercise price of $0.37
                                         which vests 3 years after the date of grant (cliff vesting).
        

(6)
    
Represents
    a stock option grant of 150
000 shares issued 7/29/19 with an exercise price of $0.45 which vests ratably according to the
    option schedule on each anniversary over the next three years and are exercisable until 7/29/27.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

On
April 27
 2015
 Smoothie
 Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement with Riccardo Delle Coste
 its Chief Executive Officer
and director. Mr. Delle Coste is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement
he receives a base salary of $350
000 and performance bonuses of 75% of his base salary based on mutually agreed upon performance
targets. In addition
 Mr. Delle Coste receives up to an additional 500
000 performance options
 on an annual basis. All options
granted under the employment agreement are subject to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

The
Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Raffi Loussararian on July 29
 2019
 to which he agreed to serve as
Vice President
 Finance. Pursuant to the employment agreement
 Mr. Loussararian received a base salary of $175
000 and performance
bonuses of 25% of his base salary
 based upon performance targets determined by the Board of Directors. In addition
 Mr. Loussararian
was granted 3-year options to purchase up to 150
000 shares of common stock of Barfresh. Option grants vest ratably on each anniversary
of the date of commencement of Mr. Loussararian&rsquo;s employment. All options granted under the employment agreement are subject
to the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Mr. Loussararian left the Company in January 2021.

The
following table sets forth information with respect to outstanding equity awards for the Named Officers:

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END




    
Option
    Awards

    
Number
    of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable
Number
    of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable
Option
    exercise price ($)
Option
    expiration date

Riccardo
    Delle Coste
250
000
                                         
    
    
    

    
250
000
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
    

    
250
000
    
    
    

    
250
000
    
    
    

    
166
667
83
333
    
    

    
83
333
166
667
    
    

    
    
250
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Raffi
    Loussararian
50
000
100
000
    
    

    
    
100
000
    
    








    
Fully
    vested.

    
Vest
    ratably in equal increments on the first
 second and third anniversary of the date of grant of the option.

    
Vests
    on the third anniversary of date of grant of the option.


Compensation
of Directors

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our directors that were not employees for the fiscal year ended December 31
2020. A director who is a Company employee does not receive any compensation for service as a director. The compensation received
by directors that are employees of the Company is shown above in the summary compensation table. We reimburse all directors for
expenses incurred in their capacity as directors.


    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION



    
Fees
cash
                                         ($)
Stock
    awards ($)
Option
    awards ($)
Total
    ($)

Arnold
    Tinter
50
000
    
    
50
000

Steven
    Lang
50
000
    
    
50
000

Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
50
000
50
000

Alex
    Ware
    
50
000
    
50
000

Justin
    Borus
    
    
    
    







    
Mr.
    Borus became a director on April 29
 2020.


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 15
 2021 for
(i) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock
 (ii) each named
executive officer and director
 and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially
own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii)
of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options
or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for
our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner&rsquo;s
spouse or children.

For
purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common
stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 15
 2021. As of March 15
 2021
 the Company had 149
133
372
shares of common stock outstanding. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by
each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of
March 15
 2021 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership.



    
Common
    Stock

Name
    and address of beneficial owner 
Amount
    and nature
Percent
    of 

Riccardo
    Delle Coste 
22
589
053
    

    
    
    

Steven
    Lang 
21
504
699
    

    
    
    

Arnold
    Tinter 
800
000
0.5
                                         4%

    
    
    

Joe
    Cugine 
3
801
074
    

    
    
    

Alexander
    Ware 
678
101
    

    
    
    

Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet 
 France 
473
342
    

    
    
    

Justin
    Borus 
22
674
337
    

    
    
    

Raffi
    Loussararian
    
    

    
    
    

All
    directors and officers as a group (8 persons)
72
520
605
    

    
    
    

Unibel
    2 Allee De Longchamp Suresnes
 France 92150 
29
138
798
    

    
    
    

IBEX
3200
                                         Cherry Creek South Drive Suite 670 Denver
 CO 80209
16
245
766
    




    
The
    address of those listed
 except as noted is c/o Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 3600 Wilshire Blvd.
 Suite 1720 Los Angeles CA 90010.




    
    




    
Mr.
    Delle Coste is the Chief Executive Officer
 President and a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    19
524
381 shares owned by R.D. Capital Holdings PTY Ltd. and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    1
541
667 shares issuable under exercisable options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    131
679 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with promissory notes
 the holder of which is Riccardo Delle Coste
    or R.D. Capital Holdings PTY Ltd.
 and of which Riccardo Delle Coste is deemed to be a beneficial owner. 

    
    

    
Includes
    50
000 shares underlying convertible debt held by R.D. Capital Holdings PTY Ltd.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Lang is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    19
127
177 shares owned by Sidra Pty Limited and 516
236 shares owned by Hodumo Pty Ltd
 of which Steven Lang is deemed to
    be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    456
237 shares underlying options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    722
371 and 44
082 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with promissory notes
 the holder of which is Hodumo Pty
    Ltd and Sidra Pty Ltd
 respectively
 of which Steven Lang is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    300
000 shares underlying convertible debt held by Hodumo Pty Ltd.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Tinter is the Secretary and a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Cugine is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    1
350
458 shares issuable under exercisable options granted.

    
    

    
Includes
    409
030 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with purchase of common shares. 




    
Mr.
    Ware is a Director of the Company.

    
    

    
Includes
    580
476 shares owned by The Alexander Ware Revocable Trust of which Mr. Ware is deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    78
125 shares underlying warrants issued to The Alexander Ware Revocable Trust in connection with purchase of common shares.

    
    

    
Ms.
    Ortiz-Cochet was a Director of the Company

    
    

    
Includes
    473
342 shares underlying options granted.



    
    




    
        
Mr.
    Borus is a Director of the Company. 

    
Includes
    14
442
776 shares owned by Ibex Investors LLC and 3
000 shares owned by Lazarus Macro Micro Partners LLLP
 of which Justin
    Borus is the manager of the investment manager and general partner
 respectively
 and deemed to be a beneficial owner.

    
    

    
Includes
    1
800
000 shares underlying warrants issued to Ibex Investors LLC and 2
142
857 shares underlying warrants issued to Mr. Borus.

    
    

    
Includes
    7
812
500 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common stock.

    
    

    
Includes
    671
098 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with a convertible promissory note.

    
    

    
Includes
    1
252
274 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common stock

    
    

    
Includes
    1
800
000 shares underlying warrants issued in connection with the purchase of common stock.


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2020 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under &ldquo;Executive Compensation&rdquo;). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to or better than terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions.

The
Company&rsquo;s policy with regard to related party transactions requires any related party loans that are (i) non-interest bearing
and in excess of $100
000 or (ii) interest bearing
 irrespective of amount
 must be approved by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors.
All issuances of securities by the Company must be approved by the board of directors
 irrespective of whether the recipient is
a related party. Each of the foregoing transactions
 if required by its terms
 was approved in this manner.

Director
Independence

We
use the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that
an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship
 which
 in the opinion of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined as of December 31
 2020 that four of our six directors
are independent
 which constitutes a majority.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Aggregate
fees for professional services rendered to the Company by Eide Bailly LLP for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December 31
2019 were as follows.



    
    
    

Audit
    fees
73
032
85
195

Audit
    related fees
    
    

Tax
    fees
6
300
8
375

All
    other fees
    
    

    
79
332
93
570



    
    


As
defined by the SEC
 (i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years;
(ii) &ldquo;audit-related fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo;
(iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning; and (iv) &ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
other than the services reported under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;

Audit
Fees.
 2020 and December 31
 2019 were for the audits of our financial
statements and reviews of our interim financial statements included in our annual and quarterly reports.

Audit
Related Fees. 
 2020 or December
31
 2019
 that are not reported under Audit Fees.

Tax
Fees.
 2020 and 2019 related to the preparation of corporate income
tax returns.

All
Other Fees. 
ended December 31
 2020 or December 31
 2019.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Under
the SEC&rsquo;s rules
 an audit committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The SEC&rsquo;s
rules specify the types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the
audit committee&rsquo;s responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Company has established an Audit Committee. Accordingly
 audit services and non-audit services described in this Item 14 were
pre-approved by an Audit Committee.

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
permanent employees.

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements.

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown
in the financial statements or notes thereto.

3.
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index
 which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Item 15(a) (3) above.

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

See
Item 15(a) (2) above.

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary.




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
BARFRESH
    FOOD GROUP INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 14
 2021
    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste

    
    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    
April
    14
 2021

Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer and interim Principal Financial Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Eric Narimatsu
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Eric
    Narimatsu
    
(Principal
    Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Lang
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Steven
    Lang
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Arnold Tinter
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Arnold
    Tinter
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph M. Cugine
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Joseph
    M. Cugine
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Isabelle Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Isabelle
    Ortiz-Cochet
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alexander H. Ware
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Alexander
    Ware
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Justin Borus
    
    
    
April
    14
 2021

Justin
    Borus
    
    
    
    



    
    


Exhibit
Index



Exhibit
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 25
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-168738) as filed August 11
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Barfresh Food Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed August 4
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Moving Box Inc. dated February 13
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Smoothie Holdings Inc. dated February 16
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed January 17
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series D Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series PA Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series CN Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10K for the period ending March 31
 2014
 as filed June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series EN Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series E Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-203340) as filed April 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series G Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K as filed February 16
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series H Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series I Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Convertible Promissory Note dated January 29
 2016 by Barfresh Food Group Inc. in favor of certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)



    
    




    
    
Form of warrant dated December 1
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series K Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series J Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Repayment of Debt Agreement dated July 26
 2018 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Ibex Investors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-228030)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series L Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-228030)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of 10% Convertible Promissory Note dated March 5
 2018 issued by Barfresh Food Group Inc. in favor of Ibex Investors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-228030)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of 12% Convertible Promissory Note issued by Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. in favor of certain investors in February 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-228030)

    
    
    

    
    
Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 as filed April 13
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series O Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 as filed April 13
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated February 16
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Intellectual Property Sale Deed by and between National Australia Bank Limited and Barfresh Inc. dated October 15
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as filed November 20
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 16
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group Inc. and certain investors. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-211019) as filed April 29
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Investor Rights Agreement dated November 23
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Unibel (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 No. 333-203340)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 23
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and Unibel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 28
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)



    
    




    
    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated September 28
 2016 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-215322) as filed December 23
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed June 30
 2014)+

    
    
    

    
    
Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie
 Inc. and Riccardo Delle Coste dated April 27
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Executive Employment Agreement by and between Smoothie
 Inc. and Joseph M. Cugine dated April 27
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Annual Report Form 10-K filed July 7
 2015)+

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series D Warrant Exercise Offer dated July 25
 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-228030)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 14
 2018 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-228030)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 15
 2020 by and between Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. and certain investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Annual Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 filed April 13
 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 filed April 13 2020)

    
    
    

    
    
Rule
    15d-14(a) Certification*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350*




    
    
XBRL
    Instance.

    
    
XBRL
    Schema.

    
    
XBRL
    Presentation.

    
    
XBRL
    Calculation.

    
    
XBRL
    Definition.

    
    
XBRL
    Label.




    
    
Filed
    herewith

    
    
Compensatory
    plan


In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238
 Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and not filed.

Furnished
herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements



    
    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    
    


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders
Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc.
Los
Angeles
 California

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 and the related consolidated statements of 
stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial
statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of Barfresh Food Group
 Inc. as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud. Barfresh Food Group Inc. is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether
due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matter

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by
communicating the critical audit matters below
 providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate.

Debt
and Equity Transactions

As
discussed in Notes 7
 8 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has entered into debt and equity agreements
which include stock-based compensation
 debt modification and derivative liabilities. These agreements include transactions
 including
the issuance of warrants and stock options
 that are required to be recorded at estimated fair value. These transactions resulted
in recording of stock-based compensation expense of $276
641 and a gain on debt extinguishment of $379
200 for the year ended
December 31
 2020
 and the recording of a derivative liability of $41
475 as of December 31
 2020.

The
Company&rsquo;s determination of the estimated fair value involves the identification of related financial instruments and a clear
understanding of the terms of the agreements. Auditing management&rsquo;s estimates of fair value requires a high degree of auditor
judgment and an increased extent of effort
 including the need to carefully examine to understand the true nature of the related
agreements.

Our
audit procedures related to determination of the estimated fair values of these debt and equity transactions included the following
among others:



    
    
We
    gained an understanding of management&rsquo;s process and methodology to develop the estimates

    
    
We
    examined signed contracts and amendments.

    
    
We
    evaluated the reasonableness of the inputs and assumptions used by management in developing the estimates.

    
    
We
    evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures related to these fair value measurements.


/s/
Eide Bailly LLP

We
have served as Barfresh Food Group Inc.&rsquo;s auditor since 2012.

Denver
Colorado
April
14
 2021


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    
    

    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    

    
1
816
887
999
989

Restricted
    cash
142
382
91
385

Accounts
    receivable
 net
425
029
284
668

Inventory
    net
870
190
634
746

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
47
066
17
606

Total
    current assets
3
301
554
2
028
394

Property
    plant and equipment
 net of depreciation
1
922
912
2
406
317

Operating
    lease right-of-use assets
 net
147
947
203
287

Intangible
    assets
 net of amortization
430
216
479
503

    
14
817
8
304

Total
    Assets
5
817
446
5
125
805

    
    
    

Liabilities
    And Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    payable
353
046
625
068

Accrued
    expenses
298
489
250
125

Advance
    payment
401
306
    

Accrued
    payroll
191
137
215
601

Accrued
    vacation
117
166
95
851

Accrued
    interest
68
627
487
978

Lease
    liability
65
007
56
692

Loan
    payable &ndash; Paycheck Protection Program
410
317
    

Convertible
    note
 net of discount
158
243
150
742

Derivative
    liabilities
41
475
    

Total
    current liabilities
2
104
813
1
882
057

Long
    term liabilities:
    
    

Accrued
    interest
127
664
    

Lease
    liability
94
170
159
177

Loan
    payable &ndash; Paycheck Protection Program
157
814
    

Convertible
    note - related party
 net of discount
197
804
1
181
942

Convertible
    note
 net of discount
810
995
1
407
877

Derivative
    liabilities
    
211
028

Total
    liabilities
3
493
260
4
842
081

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies (Note 6
7
8 and 13)
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity:
    
    

Preferred
    stock
 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding
    
    

Common
    stock
 $0.000001 par value; 295
000
000 shares authorized; 149
133
372 and 130
341
737 shares issued and outstanding
    at December 30
 2020and 2019
 respectively
    
    

Additional
    paid in capital
53
223
665
47
030
                                         716 

Accumulated
    deficit
(50
899
628
(46
747
                                         122)

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity
2
324
186
283
724

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
5
817
446
5
125
805


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



    
    
    

    
2
567
547
4
306
785

    
1
784
537
1
928
210

Depreciation
    of manufacturing equipment
18
938
65
366

Gross
    profit
764
072
2
313
209

    
    
    

Operating
    expenses:
    
    

General
    and administrative
4
379
976
6
850
566

Depreciation
    and amortization
593
198
649
847

Total
    operating expenses
4
973
174
7
500
413

    
    
    

Operating
    loss
(4
209
102
(5
187
204

    
    
    

Other
    (income)/expenses
    
    

(Gain)
    from derivative liability
(156
540
(1
114
625

(Gain)
    from debt extinguishment
(379
200
    

Warrant
    modification
    
307
460

Interest
    expense
479
144
1
213
263

Total
    other (income) expense
(56
596
406
098

    
    
    

Net
    (loss)
(4
152
506
(5
593
302)

    
    
    

Per
    share information - basic and fully diluted:
    
    

Weighted
    average shares outstanding
138
755
506
128
510
646

Net
    (loss) per share
    
    


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group
 Inc.
Statement
of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For
the Years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Common
    Stock
paid
    in
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    January 1
 2019
122
770
960
    
41
118
649
(41
153
820
(35
048

Exercise of
    warrants
3
196
180
    
1
884
873
    
1
884
876

Issuance
    of stock and options for services
374
597
    
335
914
    
335
914

Equity
    based compensation
    
    
225
026
    
225
026

Warrants
    issued to Management
    
    
758
798
    
758
798

Issuance
    of stock for capital raise
4
000
000
    
2
                                         399
996 
    
2
400
000

Warrant
    modification
    
    
307
460
    
307
460

Net
    (loss) for the year
    
    
    
(5
593
302
(5
593
302

Balance December
    31
 2019
130
341
737
    
47
030
716
(46
747
122
283
724

Issuance
    of stock for capital raise
 net of offering costs of $27
200
12
972
868
    
3
797
787
    
3
797
800

Conversion
    of debt
4
770
030
    
1
333
757
    
1
333
762

Interest
    paid in shares
654
651
    
392
788
    
392
789

Issuance
    of stock for services
272
559
    
130
000
    
130
000

Equity
    based compensation
    
    
276
641
    
276
641

Warrants
    issued to management
    
    
167
893
    
167
893

Warrant
    modification
    
    
18
899
    
18
899

Warrant
    issued for note extension
    
    
75
184
    
75
184

Restricted
    stock issuance
121
527
    
    
    
    

Net
    (loss) for the year
    
    
    
(4
152
506
(4
152
506

Balance
    December 31
 2020
149
133
372
    
53
223
665
(50
899
628
2
324
186


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
For
the Years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
152
506
    
    
    
(5
593
828
    

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    used for operating activities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
548
323
    
    
    
651
603
    

    
    
    
63
813
    
    
    
63
610
    

Amortization of right
    of use asset
    
    
55
340
    
    
    
38
268
    

Change in allowance
    for doubtful accounts
    
    
(8
364
    
    
    
89
397
    

Change in inventory
    reserve
    
    
(41
558
    
    
    
69
414
    

Interest expense
    related to debt discount
    
    
276
013
    
    
    
881
871
    

Warrant modification
    expense
    
    
    
    
    
    
307
460
    

    
    
    
276
641
    
    
    
225
026
    

Stock and options
    issued for services
    
    
130
000
    
    
    
335
914
    

    
    
    
(156
540
    
    
    
(1
114
625
    

    
    
    
(379
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(131
997
    
    
    
(16
757
    

    
    
    
(199
142
    
    
    
456
938
    

Prepaid expenses
    and other assets
    
    
(29
460
    
    
    
41
482
    

    
    
    
(6
513
    
    
    
31
065
    

    
    
    
(272
022
    
    
    
(502
376
    

    
    
    
213
107
    
    
    
350
780
    

    
    
    
401
306
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued
    interest
    
    
214
917
    
    
    
331
432
    

    
    
    
(3
197
782
    
    
    
(3
353
326
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchase of property
    and equipment
    
    
(59
662
    
    
    
(466
216
    

Purchase
    of intangibles
    
    
(14
526
    
    
    
(5
324
    

    
    
    
(74
188
    
    
    
(471
540
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash received for
    warrant exercises
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
500
357
    

Cash received for
    stock
 net of offering costs
    
    
3
797
800
    
    
    
2
400
000
    

Repayments of convertible
    notes
    
    
(157
366
    
    
    
    
    

Proceeds from note
    payable
    
    
568
131
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(12
008
    
    
    
    
    

Payments
    of operating leases
    
    
(56
692
    
    
    
(25
686
    

    
    
    
4
139
865
    
    
    
3
874
671
    

    
    
    
867
895
    
    
    
49
805
    

Cash and restricted
    cash
 beginning of year
    
    
1
091
374
    
    
    
1
041
569
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash and restricted
    cash
 end of year
    
    
1
959
269
    
    
    
1
091
374
    

Cash payments
    for interest
    
    
2
775&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    property and equipment included in accounts payable
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
084
    

Debt discount
    warrant and derivative liability
    
    
107
611
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    notes principal and interest settled through warrant exercise
    
    
    
    
    
    
384
563
    

Operating
    lease right-of-use asset
    
    
    
    
    
    
241
555
    

Deferred
    compensation settled through issuance of warrants
    
    
167
893
    
    
    
758
798
    

Net
    carrying value of convertible notes and accrued interest settled through issuance of stock (debt extinguishment)
    
    
1
770
963
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued
    interest settled through issuance of stock
    
    
392
789
    
    
    
    
    


See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Barfresh
Food Group Inc.
 (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated on February
25
 2010 in the State of Delaware. We are engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
smoothies
 shakes and frappes.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).

Basis
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries
 Barfresh
Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc. (formerly known as Smoothie
 Inc.). All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies
have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual
results may differ from these estimates.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

The
amount of cash on deposit with financial institutions exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at December 31
 2020 and 2019.
However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250
000 in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk
of loss is minimal.

Restricted
Cash

At
December 31
 2020
 the Company had $142
382 and $91
385
 respectively
 in restricted cash related to our co-packing agreement.

Fair
Value Measurement

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820

Measurements and Disclosures
 provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures which are required about fair value measurements. Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and
establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy
as follows:

Level
1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets
and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed
on the New York Stock Exchange.

Level
2 - Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported
date. The types of assets and liabilities in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts
or priced with models using highly observable inputs.

Level
3 - Significant inputs to pricing that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included
in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models
and forecasts used to determine the fair value of financial transmission rights.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Our
financial instruments consist of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 advanced payments
 derivative liabilities
 convertible
notes
 restricted cash
 and PPP loan payable. The carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value
except for the derivative liability in which carrying value is fair value.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are typically unsecured. Our credit policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer
is evaluated prior to a sale. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the company&rsquo;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $133
424
and $141
788 respectively. There was $133
424 of bad debt expense recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020 and $89
397 of
bad debt expense for the year ended December 31
 2019. The allowance was applied to certain receivable accounts which are over
95 days.



Inventory
consists of finished goods and is carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first in first out basis. The company
monitors the remaining useful life of its inventory and establishes a reserve of obsolescence where appropriate. As of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s inventory reserve was $59
093 and $100
651 respectively.

Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets are comprised of patents
 net of amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the
patent

- Goodwill and Other
 the costs of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated with the acquisition of patents from third parties
legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.

In
accordance with ASC 350 legal costs related to trademarks have been capitalized. We have determined that trademarks have an indeterminable
life and therefore are not being amortized.

Long-Lived
Assets and Other Acquired Intangible Assets

We
evaluate the recoverability of property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest
level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability
of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected
to generate. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property and equipment and intangible assets is not recoverable
the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. We have not recorded any impairment charges during the years presented.

Property
Plant
 and Equipment

Property
plant
 and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is
calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized
over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed
to be reasonably assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement purposes are:



Furniture
    and fixtures: 
5
    years

Manufacturing
    equipment and customer equipment: 
3
    years to 7 years

    
5
    years



    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Revenue
Recognition

In
accordance with ASC 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains ownership of promised
goods. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange
for these goods. The Company applies the following five steps:



    
    
Identify
    the contract with a customer

    
    
    

    
    
A
    contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each
    party&rsquo;s rights
 (ii) the contract has commercial substance and
 (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially
    all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company
 the contract is the approved sales
    order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Identify
    the performance obligation in the contract

    
    
    

    
    
Performance
    obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer.
    For the Company
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages
 which provide immediate benefit to the customer.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the transaction price

    
    
    

    
    
The
    transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring
    goods and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration
 which typically includes volume-based rebates
    or discounts
 are estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.

    
    
    

    
    
Allocate
                                         the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract
                                                         
                                                         
Since
        our contracts contain a single performance obligation
 delivery of frozen beverages
 the transaction price is allocated
        to that single performance obligation.

    
    
    

    
    
Recognize
    Revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation

    
    
    

    
    
The
                                         Company recognizes revenue from the sale of frozen beverages when title and risk of loss
                                         passes and the customer accepts the goods
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery
                                         to a customer warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or discounts
                                         are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale is recognized. Shipping and
                                         handling costs are treated as fulfillment costs and presented in distribution
 selling
                                         and administrative costs.
        
Payments
        that are received before performance obligations are recorded are shown as current liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    company evaluated the requirement to disaggregate revenue and concluded that substantially all of its revenue comes from a
    single product
 frozen beverages.


Research
and Development

Expenditures
for research activities relating to product development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $515
145
and $538
391
 in research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Shipping
and Storage Costs

Shipping
and handling costs are included in general and administrative expenses. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 shipping
and handling costs totaled $488
465 and $751
237
 respectively.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements



We
determine if an arrangement is a lease upon inception. A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The right to control the use of an
asset includes the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of the underlying asset and the right to direct
how and for what purpose the asset is used. After adoption of ASU 2016-02 and related standards
 operating lease right-of-use
assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a lessee
 the Company leases office space.

Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740
 
(&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;). Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income
in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize
 measure
 present
 and disclose in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740
 tax positions must initially be recognized
in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities.
Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50%
likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant
facts.

ASC
740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more
than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized.

For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 we did not have any interest and penalties or any significant unrecognized uncertain
tax positions.

Derivative
Liability

The
Company evaluates its convertible instruments
 options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded
components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and
Hedging.&rdquo; The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of any derivative is marked-to-market each balance
sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value
is recorded in the statement of operations as gain/loss from derivative liability. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative
instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity.
We analyzed the derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815. The objective is to provide guidance for determining
whether an equity-linked financial instrument is indexed to an entity&rsquo;s own stock. This determination is needed for a scope
exception which would enable a derivative instrument to be accounted for under the accrual method. The classification of a non-derivative
instrument that falls within the scope of ASC 815-40-05 &ldquo;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and
Potentially Settled in
 a Company&rsquo;s Own Stock&rdquo; also hinges on whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&rsquo;s
own stock. A non-derivative instrument that is not indexed to an entity&rsquo;s own stock cannot be classified as equity and must
be accounted for as a liability. There is a two-step approach in determining whether an instrument or embedded feature is indexed
to an entity&rsquo;s own stock. First
 the instrument&rsquo;s contingent exercise provisions
 if any
 must be evaluated
 followed
by an evaluation of the instrument&rsquo;s settlement provisions. The Company utilized the fair value standard set forth by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board
 defined as the amount at which the assets (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or
sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Earnings
per Share

We
calculate net loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings
per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding for the period in the denominator. At December 31
 2020
and 2019 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive as we had losses for the years then ended.

Stock
Based Compensation

We
calculate stock compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;).
ASC 718 requires that the cost resulting from all share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements and
establishes fair value as the measurement objective in accounting for share-based payment arrangements and requires all entities
to apply a fair-value-based measurement method in accounting for share-based payment transactions with employees except for equity
instruments held by employee stock ownership plans.

Recent
pronouncements

From
time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We have not determined
if the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will have an impact on our results of operations and financial
position.

Note
2. Invento

Inventory
consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

Raw
    materials
130
296
286
028

Finished
    goods
798
987
449
369

Inventory
    reserve
(59
093
(100
651

Inventory
    net
870
190
634
746


Note
3. Property Plant and Equipment

Major
classes of property and equipment at December 31
 2020 and 2019 consist of the following:



    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
1
524
1
524

Manufacturing
    Equipment and customer equipment
3
573
528
3
521
636

Leasehold
    Improvements
4
886
4
886

    
29
696
29
696

    
3
609
634
3
557
742

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
(2
331
034
(1
787
967

    
1
278
600
1
769
775

Equipment
    not yet placed in service
644
312
636
542

Property
    and equipment
 net of depreciation
1
922
912
2
406
317



    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

We
recorded depreciation expense related to these assets of $529
385 and $586
237 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively. Depreciation expense in Cost of Goods Sold was $18
938 and $65
366 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively.

Note
4. Intangible Assets

As
of December 31
 2020
 intangible assets consist of patent costs of $768
138
 trademarks of $119
911 and accumulated amortization
of $457
833.

As
of December 31
 2019
 intangible assets consist of patent costs of $764
891
 trademarks of $108
632 and accumulated amortization
of $394
020.

The
amounts carried on the balance sheet represent cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred
by the Company. Amortization is calculated through the expiration date of the patent
 which is December 2025. The amount charged
to expenses for amortization of the patent costs was $63
813 and $63
610 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Estimated
future amortization expense related to patents as of December 31
 2020
 is as follows:



Years
    ending December 31

Total
    Amortization

    
64
422

    
64
422

    
64
422

    
64
218

    
52
821

    
310
305


Note
5. Related Parties

As
disclosed below in Note 7
 members of management and directors invested in company&rsquo;s convertible notes; and in Note 10
members of management and directors have received shares of stock and options in exchange for services.

Note
6. Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan

The
Company was granted a $568
131 loan under the PPP administered by a Small Business Administration (SBA) approved partner. The
loan
 which matures in two years
 is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The Company is eligible
for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and
will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan obligation by the SBA. No forgiveness income has been recorded
for the year ended December 31
 2020. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1
percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be forgiven or only partially forgiven. The company
has applied for and anticipates the loan to be forgiven in 2021.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
7. Convertible Notes (Related and Unrelated Party)

In
March 2018
 we closed an offering of $2
527
500 in convertible notes
 Series CN Note 1 of 2
 of which
 management
 directors and
significant shareholders have invested $840
000. The convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on
March 14
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88
per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding
the date of note holders&rsquo; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In addition
 the interest is convertible
at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common
stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&rsquo; election; but in no event
lower than $0.60 per share. There were 1
331
583 warrants issued
 in conjunction with the convertible note offering.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $0.17 per share ($220
548 in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model using the following assumptions:



Expected
    life (in years)
    

Volatility
    (based on a comparable company)
    

Risk
    Free interest rate
    

Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    


The
value of $220
548 was recorded as a debt discount related to the issuance of the warrants.

In
April 2018
 we offered investors in our March 2018 Convertible Note (&ldquo;Series CN Notes&rdquo;) the opportunity to accelerate
the issuance of certain warrants associated with the CN Notes. Pursuant to the acceleration offer
 Series CN Notes investors who
invested an additional 10% to 20% of the Series CN Note amount
 immediately received an additional 25% warrant coverage on their
initial CN Note investment
 which would otherwise have been issued after one year. During April 2018
 we closed the CN Note acceleration
offer in the amount of $177
300 in convertible notes
 of which
 management
 directors and significant shareholders have invested
$30
000. The CN Note acceleration offer convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on March 14
 2020.
The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88 per share or 85%
of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note
holders&rsquo; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In addition
 the interest is convertible at any time prior
to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty
consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&rsquo; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per
share. There were 937
373 warrants issued in conjunction with the Series CN Note acceleration offer convertible note offering.

The
fair value of the warrants
 $0.25 per share ($235
519 in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model using the following assumptions:



Expected
    life (in years)
    

Volatility
    (based on a comparable company)
    

Risk
    Free interest rate
    

Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    


The
value of $105
199 was recorded as a debt discount related to the issuance of the warrants as using the fair value would cause
the debt discount to exceed the gross proceeds received.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements


In
March 2019
 an investor elected to exercise I-Warrants by using part of the investor&rsquo;s convertible note. The total debt
settled was $350
634 of principal and $33
929 of accrued interest.





On
March 20
 2020
 we completed a Private Placement offering of $3
825
000 of common stock. In connection with the transaction
 the
Company offered the Convertible Noteholders of Series CN Note 1 and 2 to participate in the equity offering. A total of $720
000
principal balance of Series CN 1 was converted into common stock [$630
000 from related parties]. The Series CN Note 1 Noteholders
were offered bonus interest equivalent to 20% of their outstanding principal which was converted to common stock. For $1
071
000
of the remaining $1
186
167 Series CN Note 1 Noteholders that chose not to participate in the equity offering
 the terms of the
Series CN Note 1 were amended to increase the interest rate to 15% per annum and to extend the maturity of the outstanding principal
balance by 24 months to March 20
 2022. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the maturity into our common stock at a
conversion price of $0.50 per share. If the six month price is less than the $0.50 per share
 the principal conversion price will
be automatically reduced to the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.35 per Share
 in which case the Company shall issue
to each purchaser
 based on such purchaser&rsquo;s investment
 (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the
number of Shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of Shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at
closing at the $0.50 per share and (b) warrants in a quantity that equals fifty percent (50%) of the difference between the number
of shares issued to such Purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing
at the $0.50 per share
 with an exercise price that equals the sum of $0.10 per share and the $0.50 per share
 but in no event
less than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for the Convertible Note Warrants and the Bonus Warrant issued at closing
will automatically adjust as well to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share.
There were 864
000 O warrants issued to the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders for participating in the common stock offering.

On
March 20
 2020
 1
082
727 of the original L Warrants related to the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders had their terms modified
 whereby
the exercise price was reduced from $0.70 to $0.50 per share. In addition
 the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders that chose to extend
their notes for 24 months were granted 1
071
000 Series P warrants. The fair value of the warrants
 ($92
266 in the aggregate
which consists of the L and P Warrants)
 were calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



Expected
    life (in years)
1
                                         to 3
    

    
76.74-
                                         98.00
    

Risk
    Free interest rate
.15
                                         - .41
    

Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    
    



    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Based
on the relative fair value
 we recorded a debt discount of $75
184 related to the issue of P Warrants to CN 1 and CN 2 Noteholders.
The modification of the L Warrants resulted in an incremental increase in fair value of $17
082
 which was recorded as a debt
discount.

The
convertible notes consist of the following components as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

Convertible
    notes
1
181
167
2
704
800

Less:
    Debt discount (warrant value)
(92
266
(325
747

Less:
    Debt discount (derivative value) (Note 8)
    
(638
988

Less:
    Debt discount (issuance costs paid)
(6
004
(27
000

Less:
    Note repayments/conversion
(110
166
(803
634

Add:
    Debt discount amortization
38
173
898
940

    
1
010
904
1
808
371



In
December 2018
 we closed an offering of $1
363
200 in convertible notes
 Series CN 2 of 2
 of which
 management
 directors and
significant shareholders have invested $560
000. The convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on
November 30
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88
per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding
the date of note holders&rsquo; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In addition
 the interest is convertible
at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common
stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&rsquo; election; but in no event
lower than $0.60 per share. There were 678
864 warrants issued
 in conjunction with the convertible note offering.



The
fair value of the warrants
 $0.31 per share ($212
763 in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model using the following assumptions:




Expected
    life (in years)
    
    
    
    

Volatility
    (based on a comparable company)
    
    
    
    

Risk
    Free interest rate
    
    
    
    

Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    
    
    
    




The
value of $212
763 was recorded as a debt discount related to the issuance of the warrants.


On
March 20
 2020
 a total of $1
128
000 principal balance of Series CN Note 2 was converted into common stock [$560
000 from related
parties]. The Noteholders were offered bonus interest equivalent to 20% of their outstanding principal and converted their accrued
interest into common stock. For $168
000 of the remaining $235
200 Series CN Note 2 Noteholders that chose not to participate
in the equity offering
 the terms of the Series CN Note 2 were amended to extend the maturity of the outstanding principal balance
by 12 months to November 30
 2021. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the maturity into our common stock at a conversion
price of $0.60 per share. There were 1
501
012 O warrants issued to the Series CN Note 2 Noteholders for participating in the
common stock offering.

The
fair value of the modified L warrants
 ($4
279 prior to modification
 and $6
096 post modification)
 was calculated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



Expected
    life (in years)
    

    
    

Risk
    Free interest rate
    

Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    


The
incremental value of $1
817 was recorded as a debt discount related to the modification of existing L warrants.



    
    


Barfresh
                                         food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

The
convertible notes consist of the following components as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

Convertible
    notes
235
200
1
363
200

Less:
    Debt discount (warrant value)
(1
817
(212
763

Less:
    Debt discount (derivative value) (Note 8)
(13
528
(697
186

Less:
    Debt discount (issuance costs paid)
(6
004
(23
700

Less:
    Note repayments
(67
200
    

Add:
    Debt discount amortization
9
487
502
639

    
156
138
938
190


The
total of the two tables above at December 31
 2020
 net of discount
 equals $1
167
042 which is presented on the consolidated
balance sheet as
 $158
243 Convertible Note
 net of discount
 Current Liabilities
 $197
804 Convertible Note
 Related Party
 Net
of Discount
 Long-Term Liabilities and $810
995 Convertible Note
 Net of Discount
 Long-term Liabilities. The total of $2
740
561
shown in the two tables above at December 31
 2019
 are presented in the balance sheet as Long-Term Liabilities: Convertible Note
&ndash; related party net of discount
 of $1
181
942
 Convertible Note &ndash; net of Discount of $1
407
877
 and Current Liabilities:
Convertible Note &ndash; net of Discount $150
742.




Future
maturity of convertible notes at face value before effect of all discount
 are as follow:



Years
    Ending December 31

Total
    Convertible Notes

    
168
000

    
1
071
000

    
1
139
000


On
March 20
 2020
 the Company and the Holders of the Series CN Note 1 and Note 2 mutually agreed to amend its terms to change the
maturity date to March 20
 2022 and November 30
 2021
 respectively. The Company accounted for the modification in accordance
with ASC 470-50
 Modifications and Extinguishments
 which states that for all extinguishments of debt
 the difference between
the reacquisition price (including any premium) and the net carrying amount of the debt being extinguished (including any deferred
debt issuance costs) should be recognized as a gain or loss when the debt is extinguished. Accordingly
 the Company recorded a
net gain on extinguishment of debt of $379
200 which was comprised of a gain of $437
201
 offset by a loss of $58
001. The gain
of $437
201 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were converted to common stock on March 20
 2020. The loss on extinguishment
of debt of $58
001 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were extended by either 24 months for CN I
 or 12 months for
CN2.

Note
8.

As
discussed in Note 7
 Convertible Notes
 the Company issued Series CN Note acceleration offer convertible notes payable
that provide variable conversion provisions. The conversion terms of the convertible notes are variable based on certain factors
such as the future price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be issued is based on the
future price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 therefore the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the
promissory note is indeterminate.

The
fair values of the Company&rsquo;s derivative liabilities are estimated at the issuance date and are revalued at each subsequent
report date. The derivative liability was revalued at December 31
 2019 with a value of $211
028
 which resulted in a gain
of $1
114
625 for the year then ended.



    
    



Barfresh
                                         food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

As
discussed in Note 7
 there was a portion of the CN1 and CN2 notes that was not modified. The Company continued to revalue the
derivative liability for each reporting period in 2020. At December 31
 2020
 there was no value as the Company settled the derivative
liability through repayment of the outstanding principal upon maturity. On March 20
 2020
 the Company determined the fair value
of the derivative liability related to CN1 and CN2 notes that were converted and extended. The derivative liability values of
$23
100 (CN converted) and $3
440 (CN extended) were used to determine the debt extinguishment gain or loss.

The
fair value of the derivative liability for CN notes that were converted and CN notes that were extended was calculated using the
Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions:



    
March
    20
 2020

Expected
    life (in years)
    

    
    

Risk Free interest
    rate
    

Dividend yield (on
    common stock)
    


As
the variable conversion provisions were not modified for $168
000 of CN2 notes that were extended to November 2021
 the Company
valued the derivative liability as of March 20
 2020. As of March 20
 2020
 the initial value of the derivative liability was
$13
527.

The
fair value of the derivative liability for CN2 notes that were extended was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the
following assumptions:



    
March
    20
 2020

Expected
    life (in years)
    

    
    

Risk Free interest
    rate
    

Dividend yield (on
    common stock)
    


The
fair value of the derivative liabilities for CN Convertible Note 2 of 2 was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the
following assumptions.



    
December
                                         31

                                                                                
December
                                         31

                                                                                

Expected
    life
    
    

    
    
    

Risk
    Free interest rate
    
    

Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    
    


Reconciliation
of the derivative liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (level
3) from December 31
 2018 to December 31
 2019:



December
    31
 2018
1
325
653

Loss
    from change in value
(1
114
625

For
    the period ended December 31
 2019
211
028



    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation
of the derivative liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (level
3) from December 31
 2019 to December 31
 2020:



    
December
    31
 2019

    
211
028

Extinguishment
    change in derivative from conversion
(23
100

Extinguishment
    change in derivative from extension
(3
440

Initial derivative
    value &ndash; March 20
 2020
13
527

Net
    gain from change in value
(156
540

For
    the period ended December 31
 2020
41
475


The
following table presents the Company&rsquo;s fair value hierarchy for applicable assets and liabilities measured at fair value
as of December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2020:



    
Level
    1
Level
    2
Level
    3
    

Derivative
    Liability December 31
 2019
    
    
211
028
211
028




    
Level
    1
Level
    2
Level
    3
    

Derivative
    Liability December 31
 2020
    
    
41
475
41
475


Note
9. Commitments and Contingencies

We
lease office space under non-cancelable operating lease which expires on March 31
 2023. We incurred lease expense of $82
194
and $92
608 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 our right of use asset and
related liability was $147
947 and $159
177
 respectively.

In
determining the present value of our operating lease right-of-use asset and liability
 we used a 10% discount rate (which approximates
our borrowing rate). The remaining term on the lease is 2.25 years.

The
following table presents the future operating lease payment as of December 31
 2020.



    
78
021

    
80
361

    
20
238

Total
    Lease payments
178
620

Less:
    imputed interest
(19
443

Total
    lease liability
159
177


From
time to time
 various lawsuits and legal proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
We are currently the defendant in one legal proceeding for an amount less than $100
000. Our legal counsel and management believe
a material unfavorable outcome to be remote.



    
    


Barfresh
                                         food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
10. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we issued 282
944 shares of common stock
 valued at $169
040 for services. We also issued 91
653
shares of our common stock
 with a value of $50
000
 to a member of our Board of Directors in lieu of cash payments for Director
fees. In addition
 we issued 281
343 options to purchase our common stock to certain member of the Board of Directors in lieu
of cash payments for Director fees valued at $116
874. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.47 to $0.65 per share
vest immediately
 and are exercisable for periods of 8 years. In addition
 we issued 875
000 options to purchase our common stock
to employees and executives. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.45 to $0.73 per share
 vest after 3 years
 and are
exercisable for periods of 8 years.




The
fair value of the options issued ($237
850
 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based
on the criteria shown below.



Expected
    life (in years)
5.5
                                         to 8


Volatility
    (based on a comparable company)
59.82%
                                         to 77.19


Risk
    Free interest rate
1.79%
                                         to 2.78


Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    





During
the same period
 we cancelled 1
387
333 options to purchase our common stock
 which was primarily driven by the resignation of
executives.

The
Holders of 2
841
454 warrants elected to exercise those warrant on a cash basis of $1
320
313 and cashless basis of $384
563 to
offset convertible note and accrued interest; and received 2
841
454 shares of our common stock.

The
Holder of 300
000 warrants elected to exercise those warrant on a cash basis of $180
000 and received 300
000 shares of our common
stock.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company completed additional funding including a Private Placement Offering for common shares
priced at $0.60 per share
 resulting in the receipt of proceeds in the amount of $2.4 million and the issuance of 4
000
000 shares.

In
addition
 the Company settled certain Executive Deferred Compensation payments with a combination of cash and warrants. The total
amount of Deferred Executive compensation settled is $771
113. One-third of that total or $243
623
 was paid in cash. The remaining
balance of $487
246 was settled by granting the Executives warrants exercisable for five years to purchase the Company&rsquo;s
stock at an exercise price of $0.70 per share.



During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company completed a funding
 including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced
at $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment) in the amount of $3
825
000 and the issuance of 7
650
000 shares. The investors of
this Private Placement Offering were granted O warrants to be eligible to purchase an additional 0.50 shares for every share issued
to each purchaser
 exercisable for a period of 3 years at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (subject to adjustment). If the
volume-weighted average trading price for the 20 consecutive trading days that conclude upon 6 months after the initial closing
(the &ldquo;Six Month Price&rdquo;) exceeds or equals $0.50 per share (the &ldquo;Target Price&rdquo;)
 the per share purchase
price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically
reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
pro-rata based on such investor&rsquo;s investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of
shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at
the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number
of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing
at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless
than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and
the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share.



    
    



Barfresh
                                         food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

On
September 28
 2020
 the Company determined the volume-weighted average price was below the $0.35 per share and consequently issued
5
322
868 additional shares in accordance with provisions of the Private Placement Offering. Similarly
 the Company issued an
additional 2
652
868 Warrants to investors that contributed capital or exercised the conversion of their convertible note. Lastly
the Company issued an additional 459
000 Warrants for convertible noteholders that extended their convertible notes.


In
addition
 at the Company&rsquo;s option
 we issued 654
651 shares of our Common Stock to pay interest due of $392
789.

We
issued 272
559 shares of our Common Stock for services rendered. The shares of our common stock were valued between $0.25 - $0.50
per share.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we issued 870
000 options to purchase our common stock to employees and 199
358 options to a
Board Member. The exercise price of the options was between $0.34 and $0.44 per share
 with both cliff and graded vesting over
3 years
 and are exercisable for a period of 8 years.

The
fair value of the options issued ($217
650
 in the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
based on the criteria shown below.



Expected
    life (in years)
5.5
                                         to 8 


Volatility
    (based on a comparable company)
73.36%-75.82
                                         


Risk
    Free interest rate
0.30%-1.61
                                         


Dividend
    yield (on common stock)
    



For
the year ended December 31
 2020
 625
423 options expired or were cancelled.

During
the first quarter of 2020
 the Company settled certain Executive Deferred Compensation payments with the issuance of 1
573
988
warrants. The fair value of the warrants totaled $251
837. The total executive Deferred Compensation that was settled with the
issuance of the warrants was $167
892. The difference between the fair value of the warrants and the Executive Deferred Compensation
settled of $83
945 was recorded as stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2020.

The
total amount of equity-based compensation included in additional paid in capital was $276
641 and $225
026 for the years
ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

The
following is a summary of outstanding stock options issued to employees and directors as of December 31
 2020:



    
Number
    of Options
Exercise
    
Average
    
Aggregate
    

Outstanding
    January 1
 2019
7
428
014
.40
                                         - .87
    
    

    
1
156
343
.45
                                         - .73
    
    

    
(1
387
333
    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2019
7
197
024
.40
                                         - .87
    
    

    
1
069
358
.34
                                         - .44
    
    

    
(625
423
    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2020
7
640
959
.34
                                         - .87
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    December 31 2020
6
667
625
.34
                                         - .87
    
    


As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company has $175
847 of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested
options
 which is expected to be amortized over the remaining weighted average period of 1.51 years.


    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
11. Outstanding Warrants

The
following is a summary of all outstanding warrants as of December 31
 2020:



    
Number
    of warrants
Price
                                         per
                                                                                
    
term
                                         in years
    
value
                                         at date
of
                                         grant

Warrants
    issued in connection with private placements of common stock
22
020
833
$
                                         
    
    

Warrants
    issued in connection with private placement of notes
3
465
501
    
    
    

Warrants
    issued in connection with settlement of deferred compensation
3
169
599
    
    
    


Note
12. Income Taxes

Income
tax provision (benefit) for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 is summarized below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total
    current
    
    

    
    
    

    
(715
000
(937
500

    
(235
000
(1
488
500

Total
    deferred
(950
000
(2
426
000

Change
    in valuation allowance
950
000
2
426
000


The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision
for income taxes. The sources and tax effect of the differences are as follows:



    
    
    

Income
    tax provision at the federal statutory rate
    
    

State
    income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    

Permanent
    Difference
    
    

Effect
    of rate change
    
    

Effect
    of change in valuation allowance
    
    

    
    
    


Components
of the net deferred income tax assets at December 31
 2020 and 2019 were as follows:



    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryover
11
345
000
10
395
000

Valuation
    allowance
(11
345
000
(10
395
000

    
    
    



    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

ASC
740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more
than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the
evidence
 both positive and negative
 management has determined that a $11
345
000 and $10
395
000 allowance at December 31
 2020
and 2019
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized.
The increase in the valuation allowance for the current period is $950
000.

As
of December 31
 2020
 we have a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $40
664
400. The loss will be available to offset
future taxable income. If not used
 this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
1
000

    
63
800

    
345
900

    
1
840
300

    
2
324
100

    
2
987
300

    
5
061
700

    
8
464
700

    
7
315
400

    
4
391
100


The
2020 and 2019 net operating loss carry forward of $3
404
600 and $4
464
500 does not expire under the Tax Cut and Job Act of 2017.

Note
13. Business Segments and Customer Concentrations.

During
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2020
 we operated in one segment.

The
following is a breakdown of customers representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2020:



    
    
of
                                         total

Customer
    A
845
011
    

Customer
    B
562
499
    

Customer
    C
297
527
    


The
following is a breakdown of customers representing more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
Revenue
    from
of
    total

    
    
    

Customer
    A
1
641
333
    

Customer
    B
739
956
    



    
    


Barfresh
food Group Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
14. Liquidity

We
have a history of operating losses and negative cash flow from operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt over the Company&rsquo;s
ability to meet all of its obligations over the twelve months following the filing of this Form 10-K. Management has evaluated
these conditions
 and concluded that current plans will alleviate this concern. As of December 31
 2020
 we had $1
959
269 of
cash and restricted cash on the balance sheet. We have continued to significantly reduce core operating expenses
 reducing total
General and Administrative Expense in 2020 by $2
470
590 or 36%
 as compared with 2019. In January 2021
 the company secured $568
131
in proceeds from the second PPP loan.

The
Company is expecting an increase in revenue bouncing back from Covid-19 and its new Twist &amp; Go products. The Company
believes this will provide sufficient cash to cover operating expenses and $1
139
000 in debt due over the next 12 months. If
there are not sufficient cash flows to cover the debt repayment the company believes that the debt could be satisfied through
refinancing including conversion
 raising additional proceeds through issuance of stock or new debt. With the lean initiatives
implemented by the business in 2020
 liquidity is expected to remain stable with very little change from 2020.

Management
has concluded that these actions have alleviated the substantial doubt of our ability to continue as a going concern. However
the Company cannot predict
 with certainty
 the outcome of its action to generate liquidity
 including the availability of additional
financing
 or whether such actions would generate the expected liquidity as planned.

Note
15. Subsequent Events

On
January 27
 2021
 the Company was granted a $568
131 loan under the PPP administered by a Small Business Administration (SBA)
approved partner. The loan
 which matures in five years
 at an interest rate of 1%
 and is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed
by the Federal government. The deferral period is 24 weeks plus 10 months from the loan note date. The Company is eligible for
loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will
record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan obligation by the SBA. The Company will be required to repay
any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will
not be forgiven or only partially forgiven.


    














     



Exhibit
31.1

RULE
15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION

I
Riccardo Delle Coste
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
As the registrant&rsquo;s sole certifying officer
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures(as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to me by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
As the registrant&rsquo;s sole certifying officer
 I have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

April
14
 2021



    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    

    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    

    
Principal
    Executive Officer and interim Principal Financial Officer
    



    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

In
connection with the Annual Report of Barfresh Food Group Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Riccardo
Delle Coste
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

1.
The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended;
and

2.
The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.

Date:
April 14
 2021



    
/s/
    Riccardo Delle Coste
    

    
Riccardo
    Delle Coste
    

    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and interim Principal Financial Officer)
    



    










begin 644 form10-k_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

%?\ Y2'_ !.#XC_]3A#_P #XJ_^7'\Y/_#(



MAD?]I'_HCOB+\]%_^:6C_AD?]I'_ *([XB_/1?\ YI:_HV^PG_*)_P#'*/L)



C_ +2/_1'?$7YZ+_\ -+7]''E+ZK_W


M_P.4?83_E$_^.4O^)!OW_HKN


M\

M?^&1_P!I'_HCOB+\]%_^:6C_ (9'_:1_Z([XB_/1?_FEK^C;[?\HG_QRC[


C_M(_\ 1'?$7YZ+_P#-+7]&WV$_Y1/_ (Y1



M\


#XJ_\ EQ_.3_PR
M/^TC_P!$=\1?GHO_ 

M)_\ '*/^)!OW_HKN,?_  'A7_Y2'_$X/B/_ -3A#_P/BK_ .7'\Y/_  R/



C_M(_P#1'?$7YZ+_ /-+7]&WV$_Y1/\ XY1]




C_M(_]$=\1?GHO_S2U_1M]A/^43_XY1]A/^43



M_P#'*/\ B0;PM_Z*[C'_ 
!X5_\ E(?\3@^(_P#T).$/_ ^*O_EQ_.3_ 

C

M )1/_CE'_$@WA;_T5W&/_@/O_RD/^)P?$?_ *$G'_@?%7_ 
N/YR?^&1_V
MD?\ HCOB+\]%_P#FEH_X9'_:1_Z([XB_/1?_ )I:_HV^PG_*)_\ '*/L)_RB
M?_'*/^)!OW_ **[C'_P'A7_ .4A_P 3@^(__0DX0_\  ^*O_EQ_.3_PR/\
MM(_]$=\1?GHO_P TM'_#(_[2/_1'?$7YZ+_\TM?T;?83_E$_^.4?83_E$_\
MCE'_ !(-X6_]%=QC_P \*__ D/^)P?$?\ Z$G'_@?%7_RX_G)_P&1_VD
M?^B.^(OST7_YI:/^&1_VD?\ HCOB+\]%_P#FEK^C;[?\HG_ 



==;-\(IKU

M^:6C_AD?]I'_ *([XB_/1?\ YI:_HV^PG_*)_P#'*/L)_P HG_QRMO\ B0;P
MM_Z*[C'_ 



M  Z\.:GXE^+_ (TMK9CXCO\ 47D\/'0_!G@D
V  #C(K





).@&W1-'T@(?[;\0;F 5$W




Y'ZT'CJGY' _2O&_A[\7?AQ\4_MR
M^O%5AKFH^'[E[+Q'I +:=X@T#42%#1ZYH&N*GB+0\ X021[R=@8JQ%KQM\

MPY_X*:Z]XV^!%S\%9_A7\1/BAX0N/'7B/Q
/$:VOQ'\8:EIMX0OA_ _XGWB0




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH





Y3




M<9-E/]A1O&,XMW<7:]W.W.U*.K3;:;33UM'Z:HHHK]+/&OSY^/O_!0OX2_L
MX?$67X8^
/AU\??$NO6VC:5K3:K\-?A3K/C;PV5UL95!KB

MR3_@HYIWQ5UG]O[]@C2_@]XIT/P3\3[K1_C&?!WBWQ3HQ\2^&-#U
QHQ;6M$
MR2P/AXM@X!.
8Z$@'[CZ[K-AH.CZMK=_YPLM*TK4]7NOLO7[!HB&64*.Y\LE

/V6-=_;(TFQ\;'X/^'[/Q+?:A9W7AG;XV6/P_K+:

1(Q
M_P!3JP![]3V]NU 'V+%_P6)_9MO+2WOK#X2_M:7=A=@W=I?6OP(U?4-/OE/.
M01XA'.1G!P
X/;%?8?[

M


M&^2QTS1/%S(8]( (5M=\5H[$K()$0JL@0O'&1^\LWWE_ZYK_ .C%K\
_V'M8
MTNS_ &_?VW=+NR+;4-=U75#H[W.


\88JRA7=+/XY?%/QA^V'XH_9_L?#&H^%OASX1^&R^*

@J(3(TBA61% $?S%_P5 \(:A\8?





H]%U)O NCZ=XP\(^

'@7]L'X8?L]Z /
MOB'2?B'X2U35[477A\V&I:+J:-X@*L^L_\ 1!&T#PW'HP

V%FV(U
M?.?[



[!8@'BP4 VH17QQ^P+(&_X

\$=6QG[HZ]0
5^

%RN.2-0C5DES-0]Z4HI\L74;;<$D
MHJRUW?[%?&(?\6B^*?O\.O')'X:)K!_H:_&G_@CCX7LM7\

MBTVQ\.VMXR@:?JVNZ

M?LM\8?^21?%
GM


MX0TB\TE=-TWPIJ?C?64SK.M!)







'!1;:J-RFEI9)G2\-9-

MI9GP[XVTS3M=T9]!US2CHFNK!
?
W R;2 A4%F&D;X4_P"S4LZR?L\ ?Z

M__AC2?!5IJVM:C&=39Y-;.KZ&QSXE+)L*RKNR0650ZBNZ_X+'X\W]G''^O




MB_7S[G5F3_-?G]Y^YOAOPWI'A;1K#P]H5A;:=I&F+ML[2UX%DHR0 #P1R1G'


?M6



M* R: ?$39 4EN58$%@!U ?;
_P#P6%_9U@BN+B\^$G[6=M;V8-Y=7%W^SYK*




MZ%=_9-6^(OPS^%&M:CX&
F
%M(UO7'C68$X)7$8P
$Y 8?7/[
/[;'P$_:ST


'7\:^.[_ $]

MUPMM#9( )91URR\$?

M73]0USX-E

MWX41^&;KQ#IHL]





0?&#2/\ @IC^SM\
?&'Q-\5_M@_LT?%CPSX6TA]6
MU;PK\0OA1I'AH^+=+T1=[:*'0877G 4EBP4R*JD^:   ?HW\:OVS?@=\ OA-
MX7^

M'RU

M!=8UF1


M72UA6&*/[H&3]/\X_^M0!;HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *KS]OP_K5BB@#XB_;%\'3^)O@Q




M;OY2_TU]+ /_$I.BZV&0JV,@-

MG*-)*481DY^TE)1@^LG=*+;VLCZGAN/#6:82.3\29M/AR/
Y0XNA1?%3C%I1
MY9T(N




M

Z[



M

U#Q)XATJ[U
M:P\3:CJ6C!C'K1UV


M?'^?ZT 'H'S^1_K6%?)
HQ.*6+EE47.V]DKZ]M'^0[[_ -?B0^5^[QWZ^V
?
MX?\ ZLU\[ZQ^S7\+;OQEJ7Q%T32=2\%^-];'V;Q)XJ^'^L:MX



M9O$3)H(.&_U84D$;2IP:^ILJWH?J/\:
JOH/H/YXJ?[&RCZK]4_LR'L[;:;]



;=PKYW^)G[/WPL^






M]5N6O-9N[16U'Q#KK*



MQKY3LO\ @CM^PE!=VPU#X?\ C76M(M+@-:^%/$/Q4\:ZEX6![@:
?$(1AU/+
M!@O.W&37ZJ44 ?'_ 


&E
ZXZY!;KCMQWKYW

XNF#78;3PW]F
MZ8 WSZR#RDGS9_X1C)\9<'$8+,3<_P%R^%(M%@UN_M]9TZVN[/3-9M1=V?_
M !

&=?NKS[%=V6JZN-+U+ .2=&O^&P-?SUK[.^)

Z^1G(\*Y

M!::['XQ'B#PY\-]+T71- T+P+HFL:0/#T312^+3D+()$PS%BP8*Z_N!8W*ZA


M^





MN?$/XF^?BH/V4/&WC_7_5K=:QINF:YXX71-=T7P5)HO@C^P&\
Z#XB5CKW
MB7QBBQH8Y%\+
5:
[QS&O?%K]HWP]X)'B7P%XU\2^//#.E?L_P#CS6/%EKX?

M[X3^+-:\*:UKGAWQ1K'B35EUC5O#^G/J6A:3X$


M VN(LTOAKQIX2\



MKSTQZTXL 


M


2!ZC'3XG






M0I8J68%Y %QU ?ZJ&@?M-_L8Z;I9U72_BU\.;?1=?S9GQ#?:SJ@TZ];7S&57

M^).W(P17],_[%OP9_:O\'Z7X7@^!'[2?QD\-^*/&0\!V6C_ //:QHW]IV&

$]OH4%K/:7G]LC']J'S=
M3VYWZK^]/]NX8Y(FSPN A!S6L/ _A;_B5$:78 Z)I6I:3I!%LK?8=-UG8CQH

+H_C?5;5#J?CH


=;110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?F!_P4


L-


M )] *YOJV
S;_8L;_7S/@

M$%[I7C/XN:GXJLLO\-SKS+K@\%A0./$ \/
@?PR1L0




@R3(8M4::6Z
M2;YI2;]YM[I)1C%*UVVS8HHHKZ\_



?1G4ITG)
M)JFHP327VHJ3D^91<9R2LWT79Z[X<\3^ -6ABU:+4/GB:VL_MUG]CO =18'





M;0 NY



MB/L











M\2/[+O/&GPO\+^%K32=;\-7?B*Z\&:EXFU[3-:Y4ZYH?A_PW_P (QX?*G[I'


9]3V[GIWK[8^

M5^^GY[_B?T%?L=^*/$_C7]GSP/XI\8:W/XC\0ZJWB-KW5;G -^5UW6U5L #(
(-(UCQ/%VJ
M4Q+X
\/QXB?05:-?+8ACXN /DE%+%OTZ_PLOCC5_ _[#?QDU#POJ=UI]_X



MQ?X2U%@NN^%/% +
^C2AGP8W\U9(?$(WQ
#(0X5P_FF_:\9?%G1?V$='\'






-.\+YTPV5E=Z./[

M
!DKNULD[E+!_90M '3W_P 9[&TTO6+^?P[J-U=Z%J_]B7FE6MT&U'4-3&B2
M:ZJZ



MJ!T'6QH6ME6+  HP# D/G '!P:^A]/O5O+WO8A_Q]6HNAGU8 @8&!WQ_*L




$$/D00BW@MN



MC'@Q8V*$X9L_HEXTM[?QI\2AJMZ#=6/@

GKX



MJ_?Y?C_7:QSO[$?Q0U;Q%KWB;P[\3-*\$Z)\0-!TG2;#2-5\.ZLS:;KVE







MN%8?

+*R@_?CQAIFMG

.=9KF_!^:83
$FX







G_ 
%)]'GL
K<^
MO\7]:T/(PI.X \9(Z9_(_P3FOG_  )^B-PYX5<0YIXA<3YQ/Q!\4JC<EQ?6


MM&H*4G*RBN:3]Y\NAY+XH^(=IX;EN(&T/6-:M]-;21XBO+0Z3G15UW55T/0S
MY3[#K

MZ7M!_ME_F/\ PC_RG=\V
 AN.#5SQK?_  [E\1167BZS@U#6+:T%]8Q_V/JO
MB/4+\K([
?[%\/Q.Q_X1S(\UG\QP&W)LDRQRM?\ %?P:6]CKDNFFTM;46.C
M7::5JYTTJWEG^R-&UK047 4_V0J2
=@# .SXC_L\_*C1T;XCF;P[X0UN#P=

@$D9)(:L_4=2^!EW+I/AVX72C;^




U?RGZ]-X5FT'Q1KG]K:;<W&J7GV*T\/6G]L
MZ;_S&C_;NB_]2_7]O'_!8SPK??\ #!7[1&N6,'VG4/]YX7UJS_\+//;_L.<




'/$<%SX;T^UL]4O;S2;2R_P)9_PE





M/\+_ /IEYSV]N?J3Q7F8G;Y?H?PKXD8;ZIQ)]2/T'_9DL_L?P7\'V_I_:A_\

M +37[

9Z[6 SQ7\7_P


YQQ7YQ?M2_P#!-7]EW]J;
M4Y_$WCOPWJ?AOQZ;11_PGO@+6U\

@]?V


7*3=Y2E=:/E5O
MU?QU^ESX083P6SGP*^C=E?&;R/B5J'%W%G&3KS]GPI-J3X0X6?%E2MB:=.].

M.B! F6#
C5&UEB!H@)0Z*/^$C&

ML1H;%P_X1L.J!\#RR0RC/TWPM\+KW2](&DW*6\-S;*/#UU::Q_9NH7NE:%H
MZZ&4X.\:8=&!!/RD@/M16VF&;X0T'A&?0M0TZX\

K;LE0
+QM]^S=I]WIUMIE]JMU=6/]BKI%ZEU8R-($T
@:
M(VA1CQWAW0!G \O)8;3M.2H!ZO
?A]9:?!X5N;C2K?3O$]RVMV=LNJ.=.U
?!U;NUN++^W1;V%LFHW^CW8
MMD'B6Q\3LVV+6M:ULN1KY\












'AWOZ?6N4_8=23X!:A!^S-./
A(KP;X@?#





MZA\
'P/#  &AZ$3R-V<$ ?8G2?V[WDWG75A8P?Z3<?;
?9

M#@88E22K8^@ZKP=_P ?Z58H.@**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@+H5]EY_


MC3/#NK6USH OK\Z?HNM2:V%TC61(K:'YC2
=KQR(9-LG^N12O!P_LYZ3_I$%

L_PY^&B

M?@\-:U#7;W2]3T[38O%%G_8U[8W/AY=1_L_2AHYB
FAAFC.AZ[AMZL5PP 8*



ND!SA2H()/RY)&3@ USG@KX=





M$W_7^-=_XGN.F./R_K^@WBF7&@:SCH=)U7VY_L=N?4=
M?X[N/@]\--

M[X3\. X'7_B?\5YN8ZM?UV/1R[#I)MNR6K;TLN[;T7]7/TQO=8L;S6?$']E3

:


M0XX/.

MO-^K?['_ %_7S_$^MPN9X)XR^
=UY;?UW


C .?\ A+#_ 




MN#S=._1I/1[WW7?I\]2QK'Q3\*P^+-1O;[0_&VBVVE#%YXA\$^&]:\-G7O%&
M








MF=8/*

M2M$M]7M?#?-WI'AS6=






M^?_ $4WP_\ GJO^%/'[07P6D!Q\1]%_\K Z?11GK7YY?\*R_9N_Z.3N/_0
M/_Q%:UI\
&X9
MKBRGU+266RNK0XUSU'&49!@ D':#WX<8/RX


MBOW7^/O[.UYJ?BN?PAXO^(_P;\)^)F\1[KNU\5:QK/P4U*QTDC(UO6]#\?9\
M



M_M*_L_?L1_L]?#'4_CW\3=&^&UO\1-56Q\-G5[35=0OK\R



_




?VNH+VV






:P/^HIH73'



'O#6\OB#7=#\-V=T



_E+_P40^$7Q



M\SX5PF6\)Y+Q'A

M ;G$00
#@9SM /W0O4=[110 4444 %





)C'

M8UG]K\7ZQJ6F?V8.




_O\


M?X.\/:'XA^(WCGXH:VOB&QT=1JU]X9_X3-] T+1DUR13XB?00=!596* X9E
M 7YOZ#J\0^DBBB@ KYJ^
O[/GAWXUZAH&IZWK?B/1;C0+34K.S_ +*.D@[7
M8[B2R-R#OPH)'0'RP




MC']DG]G;Q_\ %?PO\;?%_P (_!GB'XN^#[;3K3P[XYO+3?JUA_8DC2:.6995



M?.WP

M1O:-^9J+_349[X_ILAA[=_\C^E?G9\*/VB/%?CCQ9\,=U/5O#DUCXOTCQ.

LNQF58QX+&+77[[M=ENUT






A \?V[_;F/^9=_X1S\_P!*_:#]@/XA






]!V'KGK7
MB4


Y'S



2+1==UT#.@ GG)/ X&
$D E_:S_9&^#_[:_P &O$/P(^.-AKNH



_P#BCJ^L#2[/5=;MM&6SU&ZN_$.L^-)T_4O[45\)HPT-R<Z&<C#X\UF

:_Q@@A


MC8P?% 1O!ZJ&^=BH*^]:-%HNL6-CXDL]/MO^)G::;=K=7.D_V?J3*2I4ME5*

67]JW?A_P %ZDQ\$:'K

M_P#@FW;_ !QU#6)_'%OX3U+3KKQ%J^N6EM_;.L #^VB 1_87_._\(UGG/E

_%:RFU6

EF#[%D\

MZ^+-MK!_X^SI/Q)']F-]
_#CK^'U]:^J/AC_ 


[&;KE5)(/! )%?K/X7^+^D^+M3GTNPT

5EX?UA=0\

M#?W+^NWKV-KX


!SR
C.





MUG&CAQ)O4X4G*GYBP*X(/3/\1O -O+=PWGC?P];7&F6?]LZN+K6-(L6L=-*X






M%_X]O]&7

++_P#:$\,^(_#OAO7/$4^E^'/AG=Z-:6W@+^TM.OM3\/\ Q/\
M$.M:[I!^*;#;X!_XI[6LC)LA#=\']%;J=;6$M<
&O^$-M?#VBZYX<U'7&UX^(#_9&/'KQC7F\*'1V+^*D
M9/!\G_/0; 5\3.98*45A,6[QDDXM^6NE_PO(]GA[#XR4GB\%E;G9<K6SM-.




LZ7.VJ7EMH-_XDT:YN3=Z)MO?








M/S%&1ZC\Q7RM_P *&^)'_1S/Q._\!-&_^)H_X4-\2/\ HYGXG?\ @)HW_P 3



MPAK%W?WM_P'K6YN-4_L[[9=,,%AGY2.1C:-W!SN'W:USX7\.F(PRZ'IQ@&

G5S\Q ;W/ '4D5X%_P *&^(W_1S7Q/\ _ /1:K1? OXBGD_M


M'SG(.4(\L_X4-\1O

#ZIHKY

M_P#P#TC_  H_M'./^A3_ .3+_


#Z




M_



5K^
MRS\
[*UN+.5_%FH_\@RSTF[U3Q=J^I:AX2TO0=8;6]$TCP878'08XSM)$;*X


Z9?:;J
M&MCP?XP'C[1KWQ!XCU;4M37Q2I(&LLQ8[FW


LFTJ0II



/M.U.PO
MKG]H3XC:W;6EWI]XVEWEIHNR^-@AB0
!L9/!P%/7 )^JP
 N_U\5B%;%1

-1T;PMXHT/PI^SQI7CKQ7




I+X4TDW:ZYK*\DI77
HIKEE.



M9(C*A_9'1O#OA'P_IMMH&A:7HVBZ5; VMMI&EV&F:?I0S@;5TI$6($$?=(#'


JIHHU%'FBW!J+@



MUV7)4[F#=

&




NO?#76MH


^#_@#
M1O!=OX;\&Z=J
L-?T2UF\'^.OV9;+
MPGI0M=)&J6'AOQUKGAM/'!=&(





V0LN2 Y/S*H;;
&[F_UOX_ZI\&-5_9U/AW1?\ A-K/PO\ \)EKNAC7!K:E
M_%']O^%?#G_%SRQ/_'#P4K <%';])]1\)^'-16__M;P_HVHW6K'3_MAO-
&
MH^.CG=HIUC*D/Y39\L.IJ

M1!_PDAEQ

MYNM-TU[G5K0V6JW#6D9:^T\*28]5)6
N
%OO

3W=M4GJMM$





D^*N$O^$AKA+E<%9MN
E)I35Y0M!:\


12PD9?8=N-S_A!/![Q$^'-$\DC4[
\W)-S:4$WIRJ+?)?EMRJ4YV<4W%]9L'J?T_PHV#U/Z?
MX4^BOK#YX9L'J?T_PHV#U/Z?X4^LZ:[A@A-Q-/;V]OCBY)&/H,YZ^_\ ^L O
M;!ZG]/\ C8/4_I_A6/::QIEY+Y

V#U/Z?X

V#U







M:K\
/'VH_#;P=:_VF+SQ#XK U(8&0/[#T/\ 0#\J['P3_P %)O\ @I;\
;73

'MI;\?O/TG$?1VXE


!+W[)J_@IK[^U&_P$:&[^
7*KIOS5MM4?GN9Y;C
HQDLHSK+/9YQ35IQ:2M973N];6V:T:
M6G4TJ***Z#$S+@VXC!)QC=Z8/ +#Z?\ U^]?EG^T=\?]8U?Q#JO@+P5J4VB:
M/I)-IJVJZ7=)_:6L:FV


M*_
HJ.O-9G[SF67X3Q#R?C+(L[RCA&





6^

M'#J6G7^K:[JNOKKFD:YKA!_L+02FB1H6)#% 6;:%.2WC#XB&_6$_P!M6T M
M-5/B#_BA2H\)L=7T(8T/''B+YW!#  %\;@
=OH7Q(US4;6#5=;\.Z;:?VGX
M=\3:QI TN\.I#&A #;K/3J




D8C!?
M3T/XF^
)-(&G:Z!K6NZ&O_  A.X[O$
M#;MR=VT]F!(Y /J^TB\BVAA)\X*/O<$8R3GGTS]<YJY7RQ#\6=:GC\/M<:;

IMU[P^C

M=
\

V3_ & V\C+$NPW\


BG



M:L?^$(U30;4:CXB74M=7^PB=$T7:0WB#&5)QTR2
5_&?TF.-

MCAJ_H$_X)4_M[ZU^U;X8U[X:?%F73)?C!\-[9KV[U:WL4L!XU\
\:0FNX.&_

ER)\81?









ME]$2
/PS*/[$9E . 3)QRP(![K1110 4444 %%%
D^XWTH _++]J[]I[Q%H.
MKW_PL^&EXNF7UI:'_A+/%5F2=3T[4205TC1@P 



6^4]!7X630SZ:;B#_CWN-+_ .73I]@U30NX_7_/-?TA^#II

M*WA\::KH6J*@/]E:W_8(D?0'!VH%FPP*')X!;^JS[X^MO&FA?$Z^\22W7ATS
M;$U?3_[*N[;Q!_9WANR\-@*-9TS6M'60IKFO-KRRYRKLZR1@21&-XWIW?A'X





@X8%3CZPC^XOTHV#U/Z?X4^@ HHHH **** BBB@ J
MO/V_#^M6** /Y=/V\_BA\5? 'QP^/_@CQ)I5L(?%'B32_B!X&N=6!U+3/'7P
MQ'@K0-!T0:'NG_BD_$FAZ[X8\:^&.C*58$KXP4G\$O&'Q._M+Q;J&JZ'?\


M[#L[_P#T&]UNYM_^X


)I
MXDTG21_R(?@/0?\ B??VUKFN'_D7_#OBSQ'_ &'X7ZC_ (3/CWK]#_!^F_!;

US?V'


M:8Y E\4D!@




ALM/%AXDU73M8
:^B/V<O@3K7BWQ7I/C;Q5IEUIGA?P_=-J%FMS



M=_UB;E4?
W+FE&



'YW#=A1@ 






 [N!
MGYB



M./#H*YP



M ^)'7!'Y=.

M7M_#GAS]G3]GVNKK'V+Q7JR_$O3=+L!@YSHG_2_P#%0'L
#IG)&!7TQ9_M

M/PO^*OQI^.'Q(^


MEYJ_VO2-8TQK)=:#&
9UN*)B2JY9 &VC*@L 2?HFOR



GPS

0ZKMUQ@2I\0^)?^)0]PIPT?EQ





OSC7


ZE\

M@


M%2



M$ 
V ?%O$?[3*^&OAI^T!_PF_C:UTOQ?I?A#53X$\.K=J-3).CG0SK7@C _X

S/GKN+-GDYV/#_Q@^)WQ4NH?!WQ.^$OB3X*ZAX8T@WOC#2=4U?1M1U/Q





MP-=_#Q9^O-7_ (GWO[:/[:.O:QX _9TO]2T3X3_\2O6M'\;^+='UKPWX9L!_






M WYP

_!=QJ&






MS /VE_V*-+T+_@IW_P %/!T/[/6MW7PWM?V@QK7@.[M/A9K/_#Z!_PG(&N



M;/\ ))A^$OQP_P!'\_X._$BYN/\ CR_TOP'\2_PQ_P 4W^/^-?M1^P3^SWX5




=2TKQA^SQI^JZ5!:VVGZIX:^
ME_Q*




M9:2
!KY!K.@






?:X-WD_:(?/Q]W=QGZ9]/?K^5
M'C2_#2XN/#GC73&\0:GJ&K^

MRM)C)VHWR-*?A9#]INM6/BC4/^$GU.S_ +'U?Q#;6FCKJ5_I:G=_8[$H=H4@




M



(W_P 7


Q#CCFNG+?U9XG$F28/%Y/

7Y=^
M17ZX?LWZ;_PE6@ZCX_\ ^/K[59Z7X+T?C_CPTO0M%[]/Q!Z_R_G'^ ^F^.=-



MISVX_I7W0GW1^/\ 
UOAO]U7_;WY(_&\3_$^0ZBO ? WQW\$?$'QCK'@_0O[




;_A#\*9)%

Y/S;AA/HH4G!KF;K



)4_YEC6O OB=B,\Z=X?\:Z!K+ @]#&%SG'&.3R0#R+6/A7_ &O^TA\6




M&A:UKFA?][_ ,)'U_Z'3V[_ #OXP_:0\5?#[2_ ]CJVAZEX_N/[7TO[9JWB
M'QY\2_!)T'5-SKW_$C\#^'_ !)X1\
?3PM_R)8-0?#?X

M6?BU\?K'XY7_ 


'_P#BH]#T


M\+Z+9_9/^7#5-=XT+^W.QZX^O?J:^1_VG/VD/A)-X2_X170_''AO4KBU\-_;


MW
NG]=4?K7@YB?\ C)-/Z_K_ ()_*_X\L_\ B:6_[C'^??C^OZY]@^$NFSS2











]WXK\
M0W.LC2]*70+35/$)?3;%VU77&UL:\4(_MT^68V+.I!0J!MW*:ZCX=^#_ !#X
A@1LFC:(05/#C'B5B^./E5BN%=
MZS\3-.BT^PO[[4E@NM'TW6;SQ5I/@7^T38ZF& /@T:K$<_*0W#*& .UB5KC
MAXB^.UG8:=;Z;9%]1M/#WAIDMM9T;5M2:]+:+H?]NZSK)55QXB3Q YC7PN/%


MOG/'@^@_L6S^%8M/^%?CCPKX*_MC2]'TN]T?QOI .F?VAI8)']B_VY[]CWZ]
M#1AL3]4_K_


M*;G[

*_#=CX\_;#^'_ASXC3^+=;\'?%#X/Z

MQQX;^-?P/_XI?PQK&E7=Y_9OCGX2^*-=T7^WMT7T\0?#S_A'#T(_P$T]37


M_BF= _Z 6M?V'C\1S7.=!YOXVB\8?$[]H+]@^#Q3I=SHWB_2_#GCWXF^
=)N
MNEAJ@\%Z#H!!]#K9'U!'7I^P%?F[X=_XJ3]O@_Z1]H_X0/XZ9R3G'_  G7






/&



MNB:&LBZLHD$CO(@49&YCN(&2R5[17^=Y_P &PO[07QU\.?M5?#[X%'XW^/?$
MGP:^(=G\4=&U7X4^+=7_ .$E\

M_1 C^XOTKE.H?1110 5\6?M.:%\;]=U/PQ_PJ9O$0T^UL]3_ +9/A_6!I9_M

\BOM.OB3]J#P7\;_%6N^$)_A8=9_L^TTC5/[7_LGQ+_PC


MG?YG]^X;


M5THZ'X?TJ[TPV8U4'3S?X.?\


M4444 %%%% '@?Q'\=:KX6\3Z-961\.BQN?#OBC7+VU\07W]F-?\ ]@OH#;=#


;0OB-KOB36?#-C=:)_PCP.MZEHWB&SNU&HE-4&BZYKPT8D
MG#


M5]-T:[6Z _T(?VTN@LQ[C#MS@\E@6/.*T;OXL^'-


T
ME-3UC2[:WUG5+_3;H68TO2M'WZCE2&UA@N0#@_/D

M^(_L\]K_ &YI.FZM]CNL9L_
17([88GYL9).
DX- '74444 ?*GQ;EGEU&^M





W^CZ'!XDU+6_^J6?_ "?[8_M/4]!_PXYV_'CVXK


M8\0^(;/^TO[!TO7=%T#7O^)'H?\ X/





M6


0?^8;_
M 


1J7 #+7^;A\'?#\7B;]J7PQX6\0_&#PI^SU
M;^+]7#7WQ9^((.G:9\








PYVJ\9B88)R2
#)K-E^+

L


$U

^:

O_6C_BDM-T;2-6\0^(O%*_V/_;A_L30
M]BD\0
ZQ!B5
9*;%5S&LB





M 2
*  HZ^L:SU*RU


MFB*6+J%/_29^\2@!OWFK_V;PT=&U35-
NO!]VNDW=K=:KJ_P#:3Z\0V006

M.@NA\JWB([-V64KX40





YXQQO_ %1I^J'P-_:0\.:QHWA_P=XXU6VU+Q1:



M .@ZE;7!O
X]/2OUX_X)%_&#S=0TJ^N;;P_P
K/5+/1[2










MS'%D 
_]]8S@=!Z\T ?


M^7[Q/K?@S7!H )Y(9M?
9*]#C)& *_Q^/$_P#UOXX?M.^'/A)ID]MHWBW4KX

^%D=!W1N ?]JG3=9TO5]/L


?GPLUG0=0LO&7ASP%J/A^YM?^)M:Z_P'=&U+3+Y2HR65

2X
7.C6WPW\?/P[J]HQU'3O[
M3T/6#KWCK1E(&=V[^PNXP
D'( /]M






MIFG:_IFMC02S:%KC(1H&OCQ%H(VR'
;92/)9E#?/M[^T'K7@?X;_  0MKR]U
M36KBZMM6\9_$?7[S4])T_P 0Z_X(\#ZPNC_V3H@\0KC7O$/BHZUHA_X1I9$\

M7HDJ

Q?O6;U7

MX



9/$;)O? 7 (Q7TJXS#^(_]!Q_6A80


:DNAEL_P#$[T)1

M?#HT/6-90X&NKM5QL''RM)C#$5@7NA_&$:W;_8;F_:6%=3_M;4U\1'3_  YJ


M]
T2T^S6I;.IZRQV9)SUR68GD$D$

MJ1I]A:/L36@?




XX(UR;KK_6[/\_+PK\





4&Z!LM(OS8Y&0&!!*^XP#G@@'


M


MF_8/^)T/^)U_G%?WR:/X6^$UE-J)T/0_!5O/:9L]8_LJST7-D
9QK(!'0_W^










(=&_LV_DUF70'\SP/H;#_B0L-!&M^&UDQX.)?$
M@9B0U 'H*_75I]!\;:)%JFGZ;!XG\0C6K

#18+G5/$6HZT;/P[9_V=ING
MB72-3^R-'B.UMB[001D0 #:2/7J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#,FD1

M[%UF

R@QM_M)@_EC]



M$[/$2Q@G'0!5R?D4#BO
KXEV2PC3?=*R ]I_X2/P[_T'-&_\&^D__%4?\)'X



W/^&=?V;_
M #_L_P#P@NE^=G_CV_MK6LYSG[O_  D..G.=W2E[?-NR_KYA]7?][[CZ _X2
'+^[U'4X?&&C6NH7?B#3_ !':
M_:+S2=0LAJ6C^#E\/YU?35DC.MCEV5&$@/ELC(T2[\3_AG#]G:7[-Y7@;2_

-G#Y][X4\
V\/_ #]7GB5PIQWW

T_K&;]D5[#;?[C7T?PM%H.J'58?B)X;N66S%I8?:M(TD:C9;M9.

.$7;)C.
+XC^'WA7Q%JNJWD_C71[;3M4O=-UC^RMVB
MMMU-

 ](UR#6QXIT34'_ +8/B8?:[T_VC_:A'!#_ /0
M



MZ?8/KC :XP5?$(4Z^_S

MX?LMYHP-_IFN:U_;VN:-K6 058]3D;1S@U-_PRM\/\ H0[+_P M8_^/4?\
M
K? C_H0[+_P*UC_ ./4?7


M\Y/*8(&00!7 ?\ #*WP(_Z$.R_\M8_^/4?\
K? C_H0[+_ 




M#NB?^#32/_BJ\3_X94^!G_0C:9_X.-7_ /C]'_#*GP
_Z$;3/_!QJ_\ \?H^


51_P ))X?_ .@[HG_@

M[HG_ (--(_\ BJ\5_P&5O@1_P!'9?^!6L?_'J/^&5O@1_T(=E_X%:Q_P#'





M_%5XK_PRM\/^A#LO_ K6/\ X]1_PRM\/\ H0[+_P M8_^/4?6\U_Z%4/_
M  9'_,+87^H_\$]J_P$D\/_ /0=T3_P::1_\51_PDGA_P#Z#NB?^#32/_BJ
M\5_X96^!'_0AV7_@5K'_ 

MO_#*WP(_Z$.R_P# K6/_ (]1_P 
K? C_H0[+_P*UC_X]1];S7_H50_\&1_S
MV%_J/\ P3VK_A)/#_\ T'=$_P#!II'_ ,51_P ))X?_ .@[HG_@TTC_ .*K
MQ?\ X9:^ O\ T3K3O_!MKG_S14?\,M? 7_HG6G?^#;7/_FBI?7,T_PA5'_P
M-?YARX7NON?^9[1_PDGA_P#Z#NB?^#32/_BJ/^$D\/\ _0=T3_P::1_\57B_
M_#+/P'_Z)S:?^#G6_P#YH:;_ 

K? C_ *$.R_\  K6/_CUQF:/_F51_P#!
MD?\ ,+87O_Y*_P#,]J_X23P__P!!W1/_  ::1_\ %4?\))X?_P@[HG_ (--
M(_\ BJ\5_P&5O@1_P!'9?^!6L?_'J;_P 
J? S_H1M
_\ !QJ__P ?I_7

51_P ))X?_ .@[HG_@
MTTC_ .*KQ/\ X94^!G_0C:9_X.-7_P#C]._X96^!'_0AV7_@5K'_ 



M6\U_Z%4/_!D?\PMA?ZC_ 

MT'=$_P#!II'_ 
57BO\ PRM\/\ H0[+_P M8_^/4?\
K? C_H0[+_P*UC_
M ./4?6\U_PA5#_P9'_,+87^H_\ !/:?^$C\/?\ 0=T7_P &VE?_ !='_1^




M^B5FWKM9W2LM=%:\;-L^8?%_QU^

M#NNZ?X9\(?%'Q)I-K96NCZD/BMJ6B#P__8.D:YK'A\
NA$2:SK(4^%03XP&A
M.P94\Q3]H?\ #




:Y_

MR&8$95@.!QD9KUVO0PWURS^M6O;2UOTT]3G/-O%6F7=YX.\4Z=IZB;4=4\-
MZMI=I:GECJ&IZ3-&N3CHQ?![


7PHKNN?$GC


MVW9--IO6S;DU9V5M&M3['@S




CPP1SL#?





\ _=&!W_08QVQTIWEQCJHP!S^'^/TKI
M_P!7
&\'E&#NW_8#;6NKOJ];:WOJMG^!Q+C+-EBLVQ:Y5_;JA&2MI%4TN7E3

MH_!OP-\4/!NA:)HG]N(WB$(5;Q&=;\3MX9\([X_!H\0&


W@_0/@)\

=%+R

MYE3XI$?C

MRA_\S=^GNZ;7Z6Z?@DK6.B'&&:P=\$ES=9*_-?WK:MMNRD[MN\FY2DVY
_'_



MX0\#

Y_7_ZU-+X.

MB&W=+KHM$_+MU^]ENBBBJ



X7





M!3Y22JAEVM)[!6!T!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44=:Y77=8LM!TO4=5OS]GT

3B5ADFUH [4M7TK1[-KW4[W3M
LK=1ON;N]6PL1
MG)&68E.I[[AU(STKA].^

M %# ]@:_$7XN_%[QC\?/& EG.I76CW-X;/PCX)M?^0:S


)E7^_.
M]EV3=O6VVOX^9]KPYP7G/%;2R5+5VUDDKZZ).[;:3T2UY7T39^X E!_Y9X'U
M/\LT[S1V!'N
_P#Q5?S_ /@C_@HC\8/'FIW*Z3!J?-X1::5=^'='_LXGH-&+





M:XN? 5S_ 

?\4F!D AEQD5^JG[+_[3


/
M@FQ-S\&/B=?ZG9_$?PJ+S&F'5%P01C@Y!_X2;P5C ;+KMVG%?R]E?B _#[Q%



M;ZVU/3KI3]DN[3)TX@#((YZY/4Y]L9KHJ_63X(**** .8O9$M;

M!NY^@^G?KC%?AI\1_$%]XT\9^)_%-[/]HFU/6=32RZ8L=*7!T


MFW\'BOP*-+^TZG=7!73[PZYK(R3HZL5(8\C**1D $UY5X5\27?@W7_#OB;3Y
MS;WV@W9O5SSD#'!P
L?8RS' L-*/_(<U
MDGH,$X]3QVK_.O
\.LVS3Z.+X



M(!M[:U6V_$*J@^_ SCISTY)K28!A@]CW'Z?J/QQ7_25DOUG^S(K'?%ROUY?\
MK[?




:1;R SP6H 'Z#N!_^O\ G7\0\69V

[

@\EN@].%


_V@?'Q'SHF;CPQXNM!NO/NOD)J1PI)_L;

ZXH.
/\_F/Q%6:_
M;CXH**** BBB@ HHHH *KS]OP_K5BJTL0(_3G_/Y'\#0!_)?_P7P@UIOCK\


O'&ME1@C^PU7P7X7+X=EW;54*



J\)/#N/


MD


:B7TX AOD PH.
M W7'S;1TY^6]8^#_ 

;_ )_SQU[5
M8KG.H**** BBB@ HHHH ISJ0 
_7CMWQ]
?C7@/[2%M/-\$_B1!9PSSW \)

RU&?7ENV;26TO U(:D!DG1<  #)))X

KR[%\$QXOR?&9/QE+.YQXQX/BUP;=

%CD[O96W37NVZ[[6336BUNC _9
MKM;ZZ^.'PJBL1F=?$37^/^H6NB?\3W]/T^N:_H&4'9N]5'Z+_/K7Y^?LD?LV



M'GO8)=.%[9VMYI6I:FA\S&/['9MV\AB03M?'*]#C\C_VCQJVKZ+\=_ ]C\--
M.\ ^%_ OCC2]8\(:KH'AW6/#6F^+F\;G.NZYK6L@!?$'B
^(G;S&7!X0 84
M?BYX/_X*67W[/>J:A?ZKX'N?&WB#X


M^&+R5Y O#_@S@]*+6DE\


M_P#GV_?WXBV@U+P1K]N.ILBQ'MQSTQW'':OQ#^(4T!UFX_Z_
=_Z'_ ?2OXV


Y;P3X;



M]'@TR:2'[;J8TS6IAP!=#@#L .@&.


PO-4M_.].WO\ A^)S
MW/7O7TF28;&9MC
















M7= #]XC7EF(&#U)/ X_3& Y4ENX]?4\YS[ C^E?Z_P#AEG+XBXX4SG$Z3G2
MM_V]:45WOJ]_3H?YW\:Y8N'N+\YR;#)-4ZDG'K:.CB^G235M5IN]R]1117Z&
M?/!1110 444QW#W_P _Y_G0 ^BJ\


9X(;!



MX[U74M4\0?#_ 



M1UC5M5U2^&F:;8:?&K9U75=7D(B0$1
1E@
CYR5&X=A7XB?\'#7QAO/@_P#\

C_A''UH\@@%U[XQU ?P\
M^
/A?X<\8Z5<Z)XHTL_V+K&DZM_R$[#5-=\%_\QSW
M_P)Y^GKBNH\80W$.O:A/Y_-UK&J_PB?YS^?UZU_+N)_P2DSBVF_YL_PF
M/Z)G#639OX/Y/DN=Y




M?3)Y'OQ^&?Q(\-SZ/XR\0=X/MFJ?8^?I_P#6[?C7[N3


O]\_KR

MRC^V7_R2


M9^OX^O7M^%;.I3?;(O(_Z<_<_P/Z?AZUG^%KRSL;^^_PG/D?GZ]
''3\*
M@^V?O//\@=/?KCTQTQ[5_D/AO]S^I8(_NS$_[Z_KMNB^6_YL\^FLQYOGX[?Y


_C'QAPRPG'


MQ]!;^
/#IU ^&]4^RVUIK6C_ -H ;2.%


_P_

!3GD

'#?V
MW_0&[TNRO-(^V#^TLG6^#C_ #QFJ_BK1K'Q?XMO]<GGS;?;/L-F#Z<?AW_2
MN7U_1])TV6WGL;&V^T6G_+WS_:?/3KU]?PQTKHZ(YSYO^(4W_$^N.WV7_0L8



*=.UL:II'V+[+:Z0--X!R&RK?=XYSSZB@#




M&/'CC^RH+K_2O$GA?_2Q_P N&E_VUH&!_GID] *_3SQ__P %:?VS_BM\)O$7




_YFOTK^ 7[&=I\<_#5]XT'Q*U'0[3_A


K/Q0/$=U\.KOPJVM70.CZ=J2L/[ UXC6]%PO]@ 9(

MZ


M^]:_LW-2=W)M*

L]4O+S^U21]TY'0^O!'<<'(XK[








M/ //B$^+ 3@9P3T-?Z+?V;E'7)]?+;\C^3?K&+7_!N]W?KJ;W@;7OB+XCU
*YX&<@57_:W
MU)9_@O;ZA+HNI:-GQ?I6;75;;2-/U ?+KF



8/S;N=S
QX2U_]H&)

O^#[V:XMK;Q-I.I:1=7EI@FR#J5SUX




MK6-*\
?#?_A'KS_A-O\ BA-=_P0]\3O[#\/_P#(\_\2/\ XK?PM_PF'_0L




M-6AZ1\8-1^


M'&2





_9_T/2OM
M/]GVNC^*+T=O^)I_;1_MW/Z?_JKFQ.&^MGMY;F6




I'&

JBS\0_#/Q'K/AOQ,VE=\_P#/CG(X/'.373AUA

M#K]H3]G3Q/XPL_MFM?V9KWCS^VM (T773Q_R*?2O]':*&59
G&T#DGT/U_QS
M7^(A\&?%7B/7OVEO@_XX\5:YK?B7Q!JO[0GPO\3^)-6\0WG]I:GKVJ?\+.T#

M?R/?]?\ ZU6**]
YPHHHH **** BBB@JN=HS^'TKX9_:MT[S[_ $_'/^A]
ML]B1]?\ ZXX/%?=J\+GZG\O_ -5?)'[3]EYNE:/?'J2;0_4DD_CG/3VQQ7Q'



M;0TRH8 NHW*S'(YQR2 H'\??1FRW_53B/C%9WFRR!-)-2:M:ZZ236E[VMT^:

MX

[
W4LS$DE


_A9=3\0W&=4%U

-D  [6&
D'-?0'P8UW]C?X#Z-XGT/P#IMI;:!X
MQO\ 3;[Q+I.J_&G6?$8;4M#W!=8(\0LQRH9=S*R[F4G:JMM']KOC7ARW+_;/


'@LX5O]3FNE_5
M=;??;9GU? &79OA.






U\9A1$2A^5?#1 E4(@W.Q+#Z4^R
M0^A_


5OW_SUYYS_D8YQGZQJ6(NF1V_#_&N@\;:/_8/



?_J&
MR5^F=? '_!3SX5^
/C7_ 


\\_Y_'L
/-+\:7FD?V-_P 3._\ %&!TUP?\R[^&
M#Z=
?]QP_\)O^O)JQH.L6/FV_[[_/
M].WY=37DWB2S_P)[J$\'_'M=7G?MT_ \T ?7/[)?QG\1_\ [OV3_ASXCOO
M#?\ PK?P;\;-+O='TG5O#6C:D/\ A*-<UHX_MS_H8/#G_$\S]<_AR_QR^&,'
MPK^-/Q(^',$_]HV_@WQAJFBV=W_S_PE_P#




M]E;:=86BBUL[2T VV:D







MU/P]^
GQ+L]







UV^I?M*?
M!+2-)TC5]5^(&CVD&N_VNNC6(M]8757_ .$?=$UUFT9=!;Q)HI\
QZNK^
3
MJGP9'MCN# 6D4=GXM^




BNBE^

!HOC









M'4?
K;5(RQ! /K^BBB@ HHHH **JSS0V@
T\RP0CKNX7/Y']/:LZWUW2KT#[

?PVD\?C^F: -HD 9[5Q/BKQ-I7A#0M8\1:K

MV35V_K^O\S;#K#77UMVCI?;;K;[FO5^1PEK^TI\.HO!WA#Q1XGGU+PG=^
!J

(U/]E.YUVVN+?Q!X^3Q)J-KXFU'QGX=

M:M\_Z_
ZL-A^'&DL:VGI=Q3=MKI733[/9I-M.ZN?9/A3QCX=\8:/8:YX=OK;

5UAY!'^?Z5XQ\*?AQI7PL\)V'A*QO8+EK:ZU
M:]N]5%EIFEKJ&J:[K+:YK?\ Q*H@5B8EO4LJ_
!D KZ[_:%EYGDB8;\9Y_EG














O#'AD1^$O%OC .9 RS







M1.D7C:3JFG^'O%9T/']O-X


M 




M?##_ 

(W

^CJ@&1NSP2PMXM\??#?Q*U\\#

F

4OO

M$;H)/!S@@Q1

M*;_PT%\!/^BW?##_ 



96^SW/B3Q%<Z?<^
M.M1UJ]L\;/MW@4N1HGP9)#.1\.O#&5\F,C=\I!;+'9[%_P -!? 3_HMWPP_\
M+[P;_P#':/\ AH+X?\ 1;OAA_X7W@W_ ..T+B+*4VUG<+NUVN+HINU[7:G=




]$\-Z1;^&_#V@Z'%
+G^P
MM(TK1?M&T$WHT;21&CDX[[2_/(YSP

M-_\ CM'_  T%\!/^BW?##_POO!O_ 
=I?V[DW_0WPW_B3T?\POAO[O\ Y+_F

M?]%N^&'_ (7W@W_X[1_;N3?]#?#?^)/1_P POAO[O_DO^9[;CWC_ ._?_P!:

MO!O_ 


_!
MK*S!8P[I_?#_ 
-%_ *4?\EO^$O_ (7WA G.?^QB;D_RI/\ AHS]GK_HMWPF





M.U
^(

:Y,?F&3XF-EF\%KM#B]4UTVC'1:)
M+NTCT,OSG^R[X.ZMKHTGK;E6^FFKLTT[ZIH^+O$]Y\<--Y?V=KXUU'6O#=E



MBT&


VO4:!I

M#96XSXP\& AE!; ^P?\ AH3]GX=/C/\ ,?]U \'?_+RC_AH7]G[O\:/A'^'
MQ \''_W.UTX;%9-A+7XM;MLWQ?JK7M9O71NZU33;=]1XGB#8MOERA1OO;31
M._FD]TVDE:WNWO)_&\(^.R^&+:_\.+XC^&5OHG@?X8GP_P /GAI/\ A&E\














MG9_]^!_C1^X_Y\[/_OP/\:**C$M_@ ?N/^?.S_[\#_&C]Q_SYV?_ 'X'^-%%

M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
MQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV
M?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _
IQHHHYI=W_7R /W'_ #YV?_?@?XT?N/\ GSL_^_ _QHHHYI=W_7R _]D!
end







begin 644 form10-k_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_OSV\4_

M?#Q_ZF':N7/BH;B4,;,%(7]#I/N-]*_GR^#?C#]JSP9\2/^DF@?LL_L]?#


M/PL^$
GAB^E;Q?XX\
Z#XV\9MK?AJ7^UO$/_  D&D#Q
WA9?(\&*HT'P?Y9C






.H

M$K3(0I3.%&?^UA\+/VG_ (;_ +26B?MD_LHZ)X-^
^MGX/GX-?%/]GSQIK;^

06/Y _&#]O&_P#B9^P5^T_\8/A)IWC[]G_X



WZU^/GAOQ?HO[/?[37_!4;XF?V)<ZEH_P1_9G_9-\
M3VFE&[*ZG?Z1X%^&7Q@U_P#L4:WKK$$E=$ !8@ D2
/
 2OCVV_:!_:MM/AS
M\

O
M!6O:]\$0V@Z!X1\

M\4_AMX_^'5_K6IZ'8_$#P'XG\$WOB'P]=&PU:PTWQOHT^B_VQH\FTA==0MF$



M^XF]#Q]


TOXS_MB_$NVU74;C]E_P#8N^ ^I:=K/A:TM-#S\2_V



V#U/Z?X4;!ZG]/\*?10 S8


V#U/Z?X4;!ZG]/


V#U/Z?
MX4;!ZG]/\*?10 S8/4_I_A1L'J?T_P *?10 S8/4_I_A1L'J?T_PI]% #-@]

M 
V#U/Z?X4;!ZG]/\*?10 S8/4_I_A1L'J?T_P *?10 S8/4_I_A1L'J?T_P




1E&8'DFO!OA1^

M]I']E?\ :E_:'TOXI?G4OV@OA7IW[.'Q;LM6T75_#EW^SE/XC^+/A'PMJR:
M+&FC:#XSU_XE/X5U_7YVMA?$_B?P2[^$2T4HBD\H/'ZS\/_ -DV+P!^U;??
MM*Z1XPN;G3Y_V9_ ?[






MFE:;K&@ZG8M8ZII6J6

-.\07_A?Q%I?@S4[3PEXIGT


'O%;Z(H\9CPKX21_+WK;L(V<U^M]% 'YE_%']CGXM0?'[Q+
M^TS^R/\ 'RP^#OCSXB^'?#6B?%[P#\0/ /\ PL;X1?%G4O 4B:)H7C37=(M_

VA+*OE^







_7J
MBF;QZ']/\:?7I& 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11



KNS73LSVLDR





M:Z$$8( !&?KSGWSSGCTKS#3OBCX-UO5[#1-




YM[W1]6TQQIFN_-HNJ(-=BC)4K&7ZY)4Y4!0*]#CN?.C
MW#@CT./;Z_6EA<1A<6OKF$:EI9O:_P M?PZV!_[-H[V;];?U_5K%VBJ_G^WZ
M?_7JO]KA_P?C^?_ 

O%]K64'9Q2MTMJO


MC_J+=^W7GCIZCJ/K_*O#?C'QAPGB\X62YQI^'?M_6Y^_9GPEDW$6$7UW)TVM




MUYR3W &


FOX(I8

=N


M=?2@W1110 454FNX+4?OR(1C(SC&.YXXI8YA+%F$B?IR2 #^)Z_SH M4444
M %%5YIO*_P _S]NG:J_VR#RO/\^W^SYZ_P#UO7OT_P * -BJ\
WF_Y_SQU[



:I75^O_ _I'H9)EO]JYQE



M$ZM9_P!I?V?^9S]?0\UOAL

!]+N-(BE\7VFG7UTUT;RRM[H
M MII(X(R,''4<^E?G]H7[.U]\._&_P 0-+^$,-OHWC']HKXBZ59^!M*U0?VB
M=#\,:O_ !/M:103CP\Q_MSQ0JYST -? <29']5QG]M7UO:VK=GU[;Z+5/Y&
MV74.$

&D^9-17.WR\K6SYERO])?^:OBCQS
MKWP6\3Z5\1O&/B7QMKW@3XC^(_  \0^(KUM0:^TO0]'T)]%.C$_=0)K.2
D
MAD.#BOJNQ^

M-BZ1X?8)(/\ A(/

M:EXC\3ZTSMK?B_6?F+M+XGUY'D; /S%BN$4A/
G^#=OJ/Q%@\?:YJ_A:UUC3



M+D\]
UH2^*O#L0!GUW1
?:OL7.KZ2

-](\#WN?#VDZOIHT'QUX'7_B2:OHPZ#0%<(X

NK:R%7.WQ.
J58!A&(QF1]Q'-_;?&OMO[1_P!5(\GU=_\

E?DDK)\JLH6N]Y)N]



689Q@J



@)


*ZO9^[IJ[JRNHVL]=]?=7\T3[/HJ'_4CZ'^53
MU^DGSX4444 %%%% '@'[1W_7_\ #/?QQ_X0(+_PE_\ PJWQQ_PC6\#']L#1

B=+&/
M\_EGGI_3WJ


\1
:]_:L_\ HVGW5X<8[8P!_GKTKT#3;.SBM_W'V;C_E[_
M 
\_Y[5W'D_8[6XGL;&YUN__ .7.TO#_ &;IAYY_XGG_ -;U]J]3ZL_
\3$Y


MX220!W/7'[


MBW$_6\X^5]]OROH?.OQ+\':WK/BCX8^
=+@_M%?A[X@U+5KS0/+&[4--UG2)




M?\)M-\0K#PO\.[ZR\1):^)2NG:Y\2-UE5!8+X@+:^WBG0O-=
@KC/SJ0Q3






M 



MI^C?'FX@LK*[LO'

P!7.4;.




PF4XOZY#..+92M9+G3TVO[CE*^SORW]2LQSC%8



MGBV6\L1\0)M)@^+7AFZTFVU7Q(=1T[_A7&M:(C^





'BL&


M1775R& #(6+B


/V

M+(:O13C)7;VUY5Y6TTT]97$V*Q2265\*622O[1N5HQY5JT]?M7ES/FU=](KZ
#C



?7KG.*_G/BWPAEF_&/%OB!F^

M).KS2E)-N?M*CM!:V3ES)*3NW9V5Y77X]:=XP^V75O?9^S']/7_/L?:O4--U




8)S4=

M
?NO@GGF#S7Q'R?!Y-HDKM]K:W\K)
_/^-\-C
+PWG&-QKL]?N:MMOU\_/I;
M[*A&?P)/\J^

M SROBN)M9\
NV2N&)4G!5?M1FQE0/3GICH?\]*^6_BI\2OC%X0\16UIX!_98




?V'I6@:YX=DT0;6R!KL@_MWQ$X





N


M^(



3KVM_P!L^# 757\/^)WWS
?D1RX6,L7K3?


M




OOZJZ:^




_8.P_L/7
_AG^E?4'@/^



V
MH7
UO\'OV#CMO2MI=W/QB^
W]I#3  2P^9 ([C(.3TST^/SG)(YH\J:M?(


H\T6FGJU=Q;3Z^/
M]H/QBE@;P^%-/


UU#7/BY\3?AK9

_$_B?QC\7=$\5ZE
(1IFAK'KK:+\:-'*H6UUO$3 ;L


+


M - /]A?_ 
'/QZ_^9RFFQ_X*(GKHG[#'_@Y^/7_S-_K7-AN^),*[X/C#\WN
MUY/?K_2-\1G&48E?[5E%W9)/W8Z*]O)VOHK)))*S5V?5_P /=7U;7/VCZIK
MESX:N=5N4'VN[\*WK:IX;OBN[+:-(6)((P
D9SN+

_7_ZU?#L

M+K_PR=* 0:(Q/CU%\1_V\5RTHF







&97'A E77K_AG\6/
_M1_##3-'\8:I%X$\2:SI/AK2]4U?XH6FB^'_<BZ%\











:W#X&UCS/&^D
MB/P]XAD71ITT2'6/$\6XVX\71:+




M/^


^#O@-
MKGV<^$M4^+?@.SU:PUO3=1U[X.Z%HG_#[M<(&/#WQ$/QIY_X1HD+_PIK_BM








M5F7XR?#SPCXJU6ZT3P3XD$'BGXQZ9\

Z%\
O'OCO0?&&NZV==*^7

M&TB/1/$!\



X






)CB5&**JK[S\._&6A_$?PEI/C#PXNH?V/JK:JMH






U.Z\#:'X^U;Q!;:





-O_PE^G?/X:^(/E
MGK.F:3KGQ

MJ
[1_P!HWQ]X\\8?!CQRVHZ9\'_!/C&U^/-I9-XWL=8_LL+X(TGX0Z%_;/C;

MOQ
?Q+9VUWX26QL-*^%/@SX?^//&^M?VPWB53K*GPW\4-#'@V/8H=M^Y4*L#

M#^PEFT8^&0Y19'\7 (8CL
H /$=(_:S^*^LW.F2W_P -]-\*75W8_#%K#PGX
MAN#IWB/Q4/&NC)KFNZSH;KXA_P$C7P^K/F-9//FG^P9CXX'@U4DV\/JG[2

C$21^8_MG]G6_H: /S9G_ &E_


M6NJ6A']FWIC;^QMN1G=RI7CCJ0373?V;9;_]0
X]3CIC\O?/6JUCIMEIUM!8


U^T)XE'H#_ %-?



 /3/7KSQ7N/=_H/Y&O+_A)IXT_X?\ AJW&


MW/PO@E\'W?Q%FT6 Z9XD8^#;;5F!6_\ $^L:%KF@%=*T8J1K;OH&N:ZK+&DA




-7


L[#3O[

M\+X96)_X04L55'S?!OP6^$K^

M8UWX%'02VC(QMX5T#XKOXB\8KX6*HOC37HD 0LL]-#^R9&DO@]M4^(GB/4
M8? _A#P'X!\(V1\.^%+%;#PWX%^)OP^^*F@KJ_R?\3O7=_PLT#PRTJQ!-HDF
M:$&6250#0UOPE^R_%JT7P]UK5=
_X2*TNM0\
:O8W/CSQ9_PE%R_Q6D@U[5_

&-;U&RO\ 3+KX



-6LSI.DZ=I@'CG1/A!H;-IJI
J_!#1

/$ESH\_B[Q?\ &$:U!X6D:]TS4/AG


_\2.3^QM=#;D!








M-L?^7;2--_
  Y]3C\
U_?GT*



IX;\W#@5]CU\C?&GX.ZC\0OB#\*?B-H6LZ
MIX=U;P)H_P 5O!MS?:5=E-1T_P 
_%/1_#RZ[J^B[W?P\?$7AKQ1X(\%O _B


F

22^
M)F)\[A_82UKP/\4_A3J'@^#1O%OP_P#A@_A9-'7XA'^U-4+:)\4/'GQ6UK60



M=20 *DHY^+]@WX


U_P^3#(KNNN.@5W1@WJ?A/PWI?A#0=*\,:)9_P!G:/H=H+*R
MM#<F]98P/E4D_.V,LV2!DL<*H)SUM% !1110 4444 %5Y^WX?UJQ3'Z#Z_T-
M '\R_PUWIO]@_'SXB6/?_A(-1O<8[ZZHU[T_/\ ETK@O!



1]:X
R3&-WY803[7C&
7ZZIGVAX5F


M]F^S:4JCWW

MU']F3QY:3:/X\TNT^']SX%^+WBJR;3[565M.&A_M#:%X@U;5]=USP]HDT/AW
MX?\ Q3^

MD?Q7KY\8?$30=%\



VBM_;W@


M'RXV DC /
]

MA9P8M\TK?* 8%W=_LIVVBZ_K5QX:T\Z;
=5U
M#P9$FG:QINO_ -KM9:HFDW6JZ#J\/PB3Q;H*B/\ X1WQ!K[G7-(^&_\ PE7A
M8R2))KS(THC
$=-'A'3? WQ*\.^/ET5-=;PT/$?B%/^$@\
M$Z%X8=_%$CQ+X0#PJSS;J .Y\*'X$^ M'D\;^#[^/0]&UW5M/\ WU\BZTSCQ
M



YT'QQXYUM

M&:%]NN^)3
WF


M:




M6\!.=

]R  23USTQ_3@UZ





X_ '''




MF-^O[SY 5D'Z844 ?DE\1_V:/C=I_P //CSX1@^)GC?XCZW\3O$?A?2/@E]M
TS_V!6+^O0;L#Z'/M^<6C0^5]H]\_P!/<_Y[U^KO[<5F
M+SP5X8G'2WUC4C[]!G/KC^?M7Y9:/#/-+_J/]'^O_U^V?I[5_G/]*'+?JO%
MZQW=)V]4G^K/ZA\)



MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IC]!]?Z&GT4 ?@I_P5!M9K3XO^$;



<YL^\[?H35^;7B[]F'Q%K4QL%USX=-
M<W/Q)^,7C.S\;:O8ZT/B5K__  M?X7?%OP/H?@W67(R)X47QXBM)&TD0\'^
M ?*_X0D.L@'Z2U^+GC;X/_'+XK^.OB=?:?\ V@?B=X-^//CT^'[?Q':^#?$7






:*TOB?QE\




(O%_AG




M_P (EXQ-MXOT.(SIXK#OT0HH \/^GP[N_AQX TCPCJ5Y:W=_;MJU[J'V*\

IY5AG#*3QTKP&']E'Q59R^?I6N:)J6G_ /U_3KV[
M]3^5?$8G)

M8((./M1O;PY]CS_

M37WIKUZGU.G0_7^@I]%%?6GY
%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%







Z/XB\%6:Z
M8VB:KK8(;63HJXB\W@$C*+R6R%! E4










;'?4445Z8@HHHH ****

MXS\'([=











MLM+\%F
'1]&QD#Q S:VFYRIV(C-G:2M/

MK&BLSIG$C?V*X6

M_MF

K!I7[1O@;7-3T_2FL/$.C'5+WQUHZWGB#2(['3=.U3P*Q
M/C33-:W:^P#H03'E2@(+9;!(Q_UUX1O]3_MB-]MI;7[^O?KU#^Q\VNU_93NK

=
XP


CS%
;/G(.TA21T*]


'A;
M5+
?#37M*\47NL7-K:J=3UW4M&\(_P!M)I)  91X9.LZ'(1C_6;ERQ4FO6;3

&8E_$+
/+;PXH\T&2
U.  )QC^H'I^?;MQGM7SO<?&OPS8S?9+O1_%2:W;VOB2
MZN] ;2B/$3Z;X+DCCU?5T5G US0M^M0I4;#RR$HGF28KSO3OCW-IGQ%^(6A




\DM7:_TKA5/4\\#_ZQ XZ^M6Z\G\+?






F!K*^$/#)D)FD5MZA5VG^:C]H3]H3XX?M


M.

)9K!U+PSK_ $_XDO\ Q4'OW]LCO7SO
M^MN
^N;=/P_KR/I
3P1A


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Y_5[RUT?3[[5-6N$M[#3;34+R[NSQ]
MDL(U

MM3\!^!'9F/C/7-UX*#XA.[1 ?YR?!XU_
A9OF/ZN_&WPGJGQ%^#?Q9^'^B
;<Y[8SRS<_P :WQX^
'Q4

M 

M?M6_'[QY\./$][I-]J-MJ]IHV -5U@?\)Q?CMK/CG6\C_A(


M*U+Q';ZK/XXN=-M[J\^VZQ::MX;UG^U- U3_ +E_Q)_PD_KS_A5B\TVQUBZT
M^^T/X_:)IFGF\^Q?:_\ BY?]J6&E_P#


O!N/'_B/Q;IO^F?;='TGXL?

)A?:E=0?\

M5GX4^
$X] T97
ME\$HFN









M=Y!RWRU\
?A3\0-

M$)(T


M'HU^A/VNW/0*?P_^RI3-

ML:&K 
C?\([G(8*5'!4&O2(? 7CJ[^*.G6






H

MQK&CA?[3T8M_PM+1M&&XKH'B J2K%LHTF' 4  ?3_P 



M2

MAXE\5:7HNMG0CJ^LZ_X?2

+/#?_R-3U[5/\ J.?\(_C/AWPI




XR?ZELT[^?1K^O

FQ@V[:I3Z%@*
ME3CY@

#Z5\Z_&7P1XC\8:I\*#H=E:W%CX0^(^E^







9%=






MLP


M_P )



-@-E6KW_G^^/R'^-+Y/^VM
M+_4SAK_H4P7_ &\_\RO[9S;_ *&K5KV736S;23WNHO\ [=C;5)KSCPO\/=%\





MXLLE(U/0-4)R
DLQ?P_S\_AK.'8EL G%?SM:]X/@L[NX\C7--MM0X_X^[S^S

PN+6.P79/\ KK_7F?K7!.)P;P?U+&Z_U_PY
MP\



&?N9_P $@M:\5^)/V
='\1ZW]H.@:[\2?B9??#?[





M2]8O!:^!_AA=:O=7/A_=XCL_'
NNO%\4%T7172/^WF\




71=?4ZOK






MI9%C5W\;_B)V4_\ 0HXN^[S[;^?W=ST'P9C%_P SCA9N]M.9I^ZGHU*SU?+J
MUJGKH[?HL)F[$']?ZTIXZP ^O?G\_3]*_/NW\1_'86_AB+4[W6+?2M2U;XG6





^T\/\QQFXFRK&8+?FN_N_P'/XQ_BI\-_AS9W=Q8









(Q+'T3XLZ;5_&G[5



7@&Q:_P!%L?!]UX=_:*;Q




M9:?9+.SM?VIOB1ML%QG8/^

MGB32+RU]-9&@^7X+^%\DW_)RZ$4+
P
I\9MO\ $/AHN27;(![9_P )I_P4

FD:WX@T;5QK
/E1MK\R


MC/['R?&GYW_%3P?!Y7GWWQ;UO[/_ 

/'FJWGP

K_ )RQ)^Z#U_R:_#G3='M[W6M/\__

MY=Q=F6





M








\G_AL'X&?[O\




.
\9&3^&1T[$^G/\ '5^T)9^3


M_6KW#X
V0U+QEH\$&





M 
)RNMZ$WAYQX@^(9^(FB+O/A(^


.
MD0Z[X6_8JNQX9UC3?$NCX^(W[2-@+#5M#+?V)JP\OPSDF+!R'W+UW-(V['I



M;0:)\/?V&-=M[D?Z;=WGQ3^/7AO[#WYV_#3Q9SZ8P
YXJM_PE'_!5W_HC_[!
MG_A]?CW_ /.2KR?QUIWQ^T[Q]XI^('AS1?&WB77]
^*K^)_#?P_NK)K_ 
#7








+/BOI?@FQ
M\.7CZ=JJZ78^&#=Z0EAXDT7XF'5OCUH7CK1?&09]N@?\(L?@?KF#X;RV\ODM
M4)]K^+UM\,;O3/VI_$O4H+ :'XF6^\'ZNNLZSX=U'3O'#Z)X@T%9-#.A
O



#P5^UKX(TWX9?#GQO\0_ FI^



M4WAZUU3P!H_AVX\8ZSJ5CX5?0M:77-:T'04U_P 1^7H.O^%_$6C:-XE=O#+Q
M^



M6QI'GKXF59(A$L/B/Q%'$?%GA
&7$R2[4XG4OC#X%\
ZSXVT5O ^MZ?8:!XY








M^H^*[OQ'X5_X1WPH-+\(:GXDO/$_CA?$!T
:%KG_  D0\
:+XC7P_P-=/C









\-U?X_X]NQ/Z=NWI7Q_K



M$KQ&?#^+AXTEUUV7P2PW93PR=#OXD9\/XL)B 0G[ KY \6_&?PYI7QGO
M_AWXA\/6NLZMI/A[P+XH^'5OI&E_\)'XWUS5/&A^((UW^Q-#0A]!'A/0/ J^


M.
-7?_A#O

%T9F22(R(POP?M2?LX:AJVC)-JNB0:MXT\8:7X+M+W6?#K


M#99?!^?!I1MPW2

?VCM+T.30-#TOX6^+IO$%UXL^!6A:SH.N^$V\-G2



:%
MKWB9-?T((I0@?V_X;#


689 /LZBOACP)^V;
MX!UWP1X


MAG_2-)U1?_(9;V[#\J_D3_:ZTWR?&7B _P#3X?7]?3'Y9SZ5X7$7^Y/^NY];



%&:7JM<^/NO_$'X)^&?B=\*IM%
MT71O&/QK^%G@SP)XBOKX/_PEWPP\<_&;P]X!'C/1WAUI-!D\4^&M:UAO!9D


M


:






\.:GX%\8:'H?CO26U\_#[Q2?#^N^
M%?$6LZ%#XT$

M&[VG4; ZUI


M4444 %%%% !1110 Q^@^O]#7SA^TKIHO/AUJ?'&1S[G/7\?3UKZ-8_(#Z?T!

M?R=9UC]P?M/VS5#_ (_AC']*_$_Q5H



-WAZ7.?$'C;1&7)QA3E$VE%


M*\9W\;X?_9*^


M-+KGEJK%_%QD]H^#OPO\0^'/CIX^U.^N-3A^$_AZU:R^6@7@^6RU/XJG0/
D_$W3+CXBZ)\3)_$5]XG\<^)?BU8^(3X<_X1V3^U=;^&.@_

M@_X1LG7E5E;Q




&23[IH ^*
+?
MC%K6M-KOCCQIK.N!F+F10WAV)<<1AG?9(JQGZHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ^3?


M2[2E;ND[-?.SZV^1\#?%7_6W/X_^A&OC?6+/][Z'MSG_ #CVZGM7V1\5)O\
MCXMP?S_








\0^&-(\.6VD6WBJQDU'PPND^'](\?:'KNLZX5

OA
MUIWPRTO2[;Q\_P!NUSP%'XS'CH'0S+XB7^W=?;XA+YA\4(#XN\P./.).^3W+


M/V[2F3P.ZZ_H











^WQB/![KX!R/ \BJP!VEKX*_9A\1Q6.BV'B3P[XBAN7^)WAFQL[/QPVJ
MIJ6J_%KQIH?QR\;#1@OB!S_;Z^)=%T'Q9X




M;KOB-? WCWP*#I6C22



C

MU=/&6ORQC19D\0EE\

H7 /6;+]F?X3Z
M?'I=AI%CK6B6.E:)X8\

^!=;\0:]X?T?7MLA;Q GAGQ%KF






4W_'W_GVKU[PK-_J/U_\ KY_')'Y5Y?J7[FZ'[CH
XX_^M_\ 7^G-

;U_S]<?B



M_8_P+M[WC.NZQJ=_]!N _(G/Y5]KP7A[8MOLKGQ/%_\ NB];?@?;E?'/[3?A



M1\





M='MKVQUKPWI6@!V\0?VW_8F@Z%\1U\
MX?\ %0UL-+#XL\'^+G'C+0QXW#AB

-+^'OA[5_!?@/XE-H7CG_A.8
M5^*O@G0/B4/#/B#Q'/X=)\+^

 ?3=Y^RM\-KO3-

GP_O3_ 





[F

M\#@$_P#(?V]XI,;'_A*GKZL3H?K_04^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

_R _(^E!T4
M$W)6_FU]-_S1_(M^WYX;\G6?%$'3_3/K_C_G]?Y^/'F@SPZI_J+G'I_/_P#5
M^G!K^I#]O;P?!_;VL?N
6]U_:F?KSS_7_'H/Y_\ Q[H-C-?W%C_SZ_U]_7O]

M@CPQX4\'M(!X@\

?#UO!'B#P./%*_\(B_@WQ%Y
9W^$5 _


MY?!WC%_$K@LCBM[Q)\8OVV]-U&YNO#7PE\(^)]'\(?#7PI\0];MM'\#_ !)T

]^YXXP.A-;= !1110 4444 %%%%




M\+:-X

M)\'0/#/A _\+!\
Z#H&@?#/QR_BEF27PAKOB8EF=
B?3/@W^U:?V4OBAX$





MH_ _EY)O^ /@]^VO#XH^'

/V1



-K
M9\'-XD 92 '_ &[HH _*CP-\*OVB?#&L?LE^'/&]Y9^(O&?PY^*?CB[\7^//
M#%QGPO\ \**7X



M)!C&.OXU^38G)
9A








FC?L




MG/BSPBS)%&?
4R)-^H_[&O[(WPU_8V^#

M^_M'Q1XI\3:^8U?7-=?)'F'1M%\.H,(S+H2*%S\Q3]EC]B/]G3]CK3?%L/P
M1\#CPLWCYTI];O;JX^WZD=-T-0NAZ(NK/(9%\/^&0SB%&=@N2'=B%#_ &*+


4N;EP3MDV_*WK;36U]E=:+_ ()^3Y=A7ATL9C$G
MG35FUU796TU[WNO7;4HHHKG/3BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH JJ1T';_.?\_X5^-_[0_PMUO6OB?XOTRW_LVVN/MWAL8(U/73KO5

MMJ3_ &3JMHO_ !





MH/A])/_@'P_N(VJ?%C^-&;[&R ?Z42

MASP!I7V8-C^UM6OB-1\2:ZXS@ZUK1 =VR03G:
 




M [X6_$[



M  I]% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
$_A7X0^/OP(_:&


^&$)\ME*LZ2$)7I7PP_PAOPS_:5_8P^/'QHT.4_#CXD?;X;_$^T^,'P
MJ\17:GQO\%_B?X?\':\?[UX9&)%.CLR$+@@ LY(.0#['_9?^/-C^TK\$?!_



%

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /
MGCXT?%N3P*GAKPWX:M[;4OB!XYO-3L?#MI=E1INF:=HH677_ !CK@7#KH'A5
M7220L1NWJ06R2O\ *K_P4J^#'C?P#\6=7^.OPB\7ZCX'F_:RT;4_V;OV@KE=
M&UCQ%X7\=KXYT3^P-!\9:V/#V /$*XT(8 P!_P (QCH*_H_;
?5/!/C?X4_



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /)/B]IL.I^#-


M$R\







0.&#8R 




MB;6AJ_@R73]4TKXF^&;.U2[UC(TOQN?#THU=B%=5U_PQX@T(HQP
JS*'20J1

I\/1AE\2A
MP60DD+&#L#E







'K?6]9\.:7?L=;&LI
MXQC&A^'1M\02LH_X3
#]VS


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

M.*_(CXJ6?_$TN/0^WK_/^O/7M^PMW$)89A[=.W '6ORJ^
%GY.J:A .UY^??

M&@PGRK?K^G^3_

5Q&F?Q?Y]:[C1X?.E\








M)^&?Q@U[P/XST;6B#^[^*WB/P3X%\4(S)&GB ^!%2+QQ&I/F/Q=\:?'CQ1X
M6.E:MH7B2?6=M=.O++Q!X2\/^-O#^HC4O'7P!\1:_K1&AZ%XC78?GB%_\
MA&OBM?&*QY$2LWCB-#0![AK

M/D C3Q:2O4_-NZ_

Q7FWPR^+'QVT'

MZYPH




M?L9?^'X^

?_

5:HH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** OS/^-EEY.O:A!S_ 

?M-!\1Z@1S_7_]






GT'XA\??L

(7U



M.M#:/Q)O0^


/B[QE\1K



MZ^5E1%PH!Z11110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\7_

XK[0KY;_: B!DTB?TMI/J

M/A.&'RKKS^O/T_\ KUZ1H

M_PYSCMC\,_Y]NO:@#M[/_5'Z#^8KVGX60^=K]O/_P ^MGZ=/7^7Y9YKP^S[
M?\KZ-^#D0%SJ\Y_Y=[95^I+9_D#^O%/_F#^1S/_ 'Q^I]!U\N?%_P]M\3
%O[7T?6-8\/:DWA3XJ:/HVAZZFAZ[H2E]\3#Q
M#X?\$^)O!_B-0TD;:VU%SYE?4=%<QTGP?KW[!OP%\277CJ_U33_ !8U_P#%

EV3

MJL'_  EH*#QP)F4R58\9_L;_  A^)5]:ZYXW/B/Q'XBTCQ5INM^'O$.JZH^H




M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^\/Q3XDT/
MP=X?U;Q1XDU;3_#V@:#9#5]8UC5L?V=HFF*-KNVT +@@Y(P

M_M9^%;?QA^S#^T1X7OKG^SX-=^?Q L+O5!CH?!^MY/4?=(S[!N 20#_ #6Z
M[\3O#WBG_@F/\.?A5JO[%?Q+\-3Z_P#!SX?^%M7_ &J_$'PA\(ZGX6\:4G]



'Q^_9@\:_$_X.?M
M#^)_A?\ #2OBO\ #KXZ_/11I?ACQ!'





M\.A?$6B





M:\


FO\ B&-]9&[_ (HQ8F5T
M






MKK6A
6U?7?\ A(/$4\6K:]X8\0QM%/(J1HS/@LT\B%O:OV%/BU\6_CY^SMX8
M^

98

_:OU?X_S6]^/BC\!_@+KGAG2-
















M-6^%ND[A_P!-/BCX&XSZ#9_.@#[FU+XO?#;1_&/@3X?ZSXY\-:;XW^)=IJ6K

%;*Y[K4]5L-!TN?5=3N5MK#

\@$@








MR


MD/H?S'^% 'Q9^P%\)?'/P)_9

M !CJXRI_MP'@'&

/C)=:OI.DZR-34:;XW^)_B/Q!H



M::[JPUUB/#/@

M[);[\^2


:%I'AW0].MM-T;1=*TW1])
MTNVP-.L=.T7:D2K@  (H5!D%FV*3N8L3\V^%OV0OAOX;_:+\4?M.7VK_ !!\

?






ML#QEHFB'R]Q:(D+X9FD
99!(XC*&OHK]@/X

?X4OE

&:-7^+OB!X0_X*&_M+_ #4?V1_$W[/GPG_

M7B;Q1XY'@?74\0Z/X


M/+6OB#_P3'^!_PRQ\:/L_@#XU??PTNL^#_ !OX=U?^T]4^$_QBT#6]?U[0


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MZGX QHY_X1LWEJ=/:_U3DXW


M QUSQCT%.FO8(8OW\]M]/MAS]!^'J*]D^4-BBLX7D
W^IY/X#OZ=.O%6?/\
M;]/_ *] %BJ]'G^WZ?\ UZK^=!#_ 



&




ME]H-A]NM?M&/^/4W8.H;L?W=V?P_'/:M'JV_-A1:=K=DM5Z?UT-(3 # 'Z?_
M %Z6LK^UK 7$&G_;+87MPHQ:?:D%_P!

MCVY[_G6?)*(0?7OT_7K@?YSVK

M

M!Z-CG!XI_G^WZ?\ UZZBRQ113?


MVSN_&USJ:A(Q]W55T6.))3&G4!W8\DDX.T?-9EQ%DN4?[[FR3[)*_P#7X^1[










^O0_#/2/\ A&/%!FTTZMH-EJ=[X0NSJ_\ R$/[$T8@CK@@#EA@^_6O



'
M+ :$7QK39YY ^Z0&!W<Y/$VDZSKFI?M&_#*?78M-TW5]3^WB:\U?2M+U9M1
MTT:D-;3/]BEN67.27P

M/@3P?IUSXLTS8EK[PMKFM/_ &UK T9CN:1$7)8G?E26)()KB/_BBXLOC7X

M0_2OS!Z$^W'^(_G3A-QRN/8$_P PPKX=M/VIYHM#\7:K?:5;W']@^+_#/@VS



M&N_%/5_AH-
MB6U33_[&SG6=89B=@PH^1

M%%%% !1110 4444 

M:7S/RD\-Z;X-T;^T/(GN?#=QC_0_LG_$R_EC_P#7^OC^O_#WPY-JEQ/I7CC_







=&@T6P&
MBV M 5M#=$X/0G/(!XX/&
CMU\


*;L_P!JK_8&M_V)K6CKPPRCR;@VT@'[PPIQOV7[
M46OS^ !X_OOOAS3K'4+/Q._AFT;Q$A_MJ31/.W:8G[O:LLG]D2B0@[<' 50



8
MZD+@J


M'KGIM









M*L9E*P7%[_X7[WNKWY8I^[=:IVT?5V6^IV/


M=D^[]W6T8Z+






M_P )


M#DYP

X%=

Z1X8TNWTG1--MM&L(!\MI:  #CL1UR?4G'TX/UN39;Q(L4WG&;\]E=1

MM7F'Q*\23:#::
%

M7Q

_^O?^0\/_ 
N_1'SS


MV'.I:?Z7?T_S^O'6OX&\2.)



MXS@U^;\-YWG&4_[%@CZW


MK'@^:Q^WV\\$ _TK^R[*S[=QT_R!^/7^M/#_ #O&?7
GP1^2YWAO]C/I.VDE
M6U@FG $PM@UT!V^4$D?1MQQVYXQ7PO\ 'E;[P]\6[#XEZ(WVJX^'G@W3-9\1








M6MM=:6NFV.G?

$#.3H/_O]-TR'P[_ 
(W;:!J0.+72;G2
'OFBVWB?P+X[\:;;R[UC&G_V%JX&



QR=J_\ 8S3N]6WU3WCS:V6R
M;2NKQM97\6OOV@=3L_B3X:\!P6_AUH=4U;4M&UDV5Z;]M$U2/1#KZJQ&.I)!

LO\






M32=8_LW4[_\ MW_H!Z&/_P!7:OH;]EG]J#Q%^SO^T9IT_A;Q3J6H_!'QWXQT



T'_ (G7_$]UK'_4I_A_*OO^&\-C
)C/]B/BN)5@\7@V




G





W]5?+A
VEGL6K\[:2WC9-7T;6\79V332=


F]TT#)
M0@AACGIC=SU'%)-\./!4L6HV\WAS1FM]5M=+L]6MC:(/MRZ(Q_L12!C/E G;



MMI^(OK&*:M?O]I]?^WA8._X_TJQ5;SH?
^S\9QGVZ?Y'_P!:I8Y!(
C_ #[C
MOBO5


+OAP=2W$D)K)T&6/^WB
M#G&\%0/EW#''Z1F6783-<)]2QE[:-=TUJO757\OP?\?X;$/#8KZWA4FVI)KH
MXR4DUI9V<6UNK=UHSD_B9I7Q;^(.C:MH&@Z GA73X?\ A&+^QOI]94ZCKZZ1
MK&_6M'Q'D:$#'&H23#%UY!()KR#5O@U\3KNY$\6GS'2;GXOZ/XRM=!.L!!HG
MAAM'\O6]%SPIWR9*I(+



FF:


M/
?M'QT\


M5J+@?Z+]F_:G^

1QUZGC(ZBO.)O^9_AN:6>
MVBF%@$=V(!E)01N[')V%F()KD8O@;\5M'TC4+/2](F%LWQAU+QAJUKI7B5-
MU'QWX:\0
 J!^/\ A'W\
EXPJ;COVJ4!RQKG9_\ @F=X5'

M/&/MUR0/7\#UK4T[_@G)I6@7/V_2_P!KK]ML7![77[0.M:K_ .GM9/\ T+/'

MS#.3+^Q'J
8)E_;(_:RMQC-SN^*KKN!Z%LQ90_0



+FV


5[66Y;@\IP:P6V7];_ / U.#$XCZTW
M)[NW3_-_Y*Q][U8KX!_X89UC_H[O]KS_ ,.M+_\ &*/^&&=8_PCN_VO/_#K
M2_\ QBO2


M

MU_KQCGTK_*7C;ZYA




/M\8__
M )J:_L7


M_%CQ?K
/B?5(/X*^'/%'ABU\*_\)!(-,T,ZYM_L/6P63:_B CED!3! 4C'

MM_\ X=P_LQ?] WXJ?^'X^
7_ 


UR]I_P2W_ &4;RZNH(/'W[2
]Q:$?:K:U_:G^
9%D3Z!?

M?;^/2O4=

?0;'_#
MGPP[_%G]JC_Q)/XG'_W/BB7]@7X4GD_%C]J@=?\ FY3XG9'YZ^O3O^F*YL-X

QKA/^&
M?A;U_P%O_M6?^),_%#^7_09J'_ (8$^%7_ $5C]JC_ 
22^)O_ 






M


MEEI_@?P8NMQ_V
RL4T-VD90#EMTA4C+[6K].KZJ7J_R9^%GSK_PH'_@I9_TD


X[




MX
O@715_L1=?5D*D/XB!1QMSM8A=IP1POA'



M+2O ^BC7@-;#;CKOB#Q4!M5$*Q*P]

M$WANW.M:R^GZ[\3=!UL
VAZYKTBR'0/#TOAU1XG\&LQ#N&;P3Y@D56'4!WO_
M  K;_@H5_P!'5_!/_P 
1_\ A)1_PK'_ (*(_P#1U7P3_P##$?\ X1UY]:?M





M


(P3D;@.J\D'%=310 4





M3!-JFG=?^/SZ_P \?_6Y]Z_IN_X)\Z#!/MYXN/['4 _4@=/3GTZ8_'ZWA'I
M\C\;\7,2_PQGOL_R?\ F?JCCY/)]L9[]?RZ_I^=?)_[4WB#Q_X5^&\NN_#F
MXO=

&X=
M]R@Y[5^D'\F'P1XA^.W[8.A^([_0K/X?ZE<Z!X6UG_A +KQ#_P (V1JNN^*?
MBM_Q/O OC0=/#'_.??PV=OCGL_C)F1LHQ!]&7QW^T?IWBW7]'O$_M+6=.\
M7_\ 






MM/A%XP^)5MXJ\%Q^%_V@=.\



:3)XELM1T4 C^V(H?^0,[@)XCADM\P*%S



M^-O%6J_M.W'CA]


TW7M+T/63H/\



%.H:UH\







C?_
M !'\!_ SP7:70TA/[

CQ3\0-#^.OQ
M6USPC;W-SX9T+XIR\?:1X1\.Z1J6IZYIA^%_B :&=:8[7S_ ,)&=# ;M@]


MUI= !4?\(JNB
K$?













F^:_3_
_5



]$D^T7/@3Q#J&LZ'X

.0(?$(
8X/F!MSY856A^

CKW


M$/#/C




M2NHX((RO.

.3&6SQ



M?3(K^J?]C/3?L7PYN;C_ )^KO([=
'T_6OKN$M_Z\C\!\9
3?!V[V_-'V#_R
MR_S_ ':\?\?1?#]8O#.M?$3_ (1N&W\


Q^*?PZU+XFZ]J_C<+X?.KRV'@K/CW1= \/_\ $FT'

8)92RCD
I8 ]NC\%? ;QCJGC#QSI

MA#DQKY]\(-_9W_:M-0\;^%?!&H?V7IOB+Q/9+;7B:QIFEKK&N:1MUY-&T0



DD;9YSLHRKAG /
M2KOPU^SOJ-AJ'FGP5J&G:MX:\



TUXU/QAH
MOAX:KXZ^

OR[@#1\.2_LI^

^(#X47^
MQ@I((!T)6;(7;)Z[;^#/@_X%U.S^
!OK/2'N+\W3:_-XF_M'3-;U+Q 1H2!V


M_I

7Q3US7=/\;V]_
MX*UOQ!=^)?@19WMII7ATV&F6&F?K7/$'B ZUEB2%W:Z0%SM4850% 4 'MEU
MH7[,,VC07MP?#L&CW*:/X,T;5;;5-9&K6)\EAHFBZ+(KCQ!H3^%BN=L93R\







3COMQ_CU_R?[A^CQU


H.3NVX:CZRO(

M






:1_P 3?1M.;4
P<'_ (1=@X(&,8.:^;/$O[2?P&^%G[0.N^#K
MSX8:EI?C'P_XG\ ^&F\16D:LLFH_'0G^QM6T-<@A2NB8\9LK!D8(SM,N^.70
M\!_L2?#7PCXR^%_Q&N/'5WXT_P$/^)'CWXG:
/$=IHW]G:[XG^*W@__ (1]
MSHA4
BG81)& Y+@L/EVEJZ#Q[^QGX(^)?Q.^)'C76?&^IW1^(ES\+KSQ;X6@
MTK1CJ-B_PGUK^W/#ZZ/K[.TV@
3C+$


MW[17AK5](\36WBN]39IK:WXS0:YXOT8*Y?0O#_A=93X;C\+1H\?[HAG1MB2'
MUG!_TD%C]8[.\@O?L\]N+:XM[FT^V6EU;#AL^AST.1@^O!YR*VZX/PW9Z5X0

MSV\RPQT'P]A^V:S;X _X_.20/3]/S'-?V*_\$]=&&G?L^Z=/CG4KTN/P!7/Z
M\'^=?R)?NS\[6=/_POSKW_ 


/C
/ $/A/Q


M?LI?$WQ):ZUK?@#5OGPFUFXO?]CI'A[2]6UG4?#5AX8(U[0OBN1A55O$/B



3N


MQ NO!VB^-M0NO![_ !&_L*V^(1\ C3PWA0?#'Q!X\_M=@1\R#Q'HNB^%_P#A

M_!8VY(;;RG0E@!E0=U %?X?_ +-_CGP)J$L?B*T\/_&%=1T;PS:VGBGQ7JJG


H
B%V9I IT)0I4

M%
)P)#7Z_P?\!_I0!Y1X&F\2*FJV7B.RM[5--OCHWAR3[;JNHZGK?AG1/+C
M35];\P?\A^4EB=N7,A&=V!ZLG0_7^@I]% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 0A3M/(R
 =
?SP.W?^=8]PTH_C!'U_+CKZY]\&OC;]O?\ :(\0_LM_LE?&










/@_^SI^T1\)_AC\+OB5X:TK5=#^*NAOX



MZZX%UL#)?PN^C!0JY

MK'X8:AXQN]*MO!S:;H.F
=?;XKZ-K3$EE\1 _P!AE A4)@;-N!3_ !SX._:A

M21^'E+NSM(YW_-@L&/T%\2?VBK[P7\7!X7A\.ZIK?@K2?#[6_B Z3I#:CJ-[

M6F&EV6E[=#7^P]&US_F8OB -Y94/RJP0J!M I?ZVY/W7RM_F!\O0^#?VUOA-
(!_81.21G@X KW#XD?%2#PK\*-0\5:5.-2\0&STRR


MB/+?%_QP^*&@?$;P5!_84*^*_$/CT^ O$-UI.LOH]EI/@G0QG1O&^N ^7H



M


M.KKX3\1_ _Q3XD3XA6UAJ%OHWBBT\1^/?$W@7Q7=;2+QO'&B*VAJP7YET#PL

M0W)K.L171V:WH7BF5 8X_#; 0RJHE(VL:_9






M53H?'/A?0PWB-5;):8M$H+?*/.T^I_4K



$]OXRTKX





MT2_#G5+WPCX7\


'7/@3\1O#LFHZMX.\1&VN

OU)'96D(^6%1[X)_P#K
M?ISWH

GC#XG;\P'T58JO7N@?GY^VWHT\FG:/JD '&ZRY[9)/?
MGH?\DU^-?CS_ %5Q]1_






MK*&Z*3D]7TB[?C+KVON=57S!\=?C#+\,M6^%.@:9:P:CXO^,?C[3_ 'AFSN
MR7TVP5-VLZUKNK^7N(7PQ&@D0)\W[SIN+OI^OOBO\ #1?B;/X)U:_?^S?
M$'P\\3CQ-X8UIK)+Z33[LJ='UI@(./$6@SO;;  5 !.6+9^K/SD^?A]^VK



(?
MK45]J









M








M $ [S\[;5+

M)H/]NG6=:_LA '55.A:_QEL_V


MPEX3UK0++57\(7::/_:6E^']1UQ]?76SH^AD\
RZ[KF
 !O[;E*D[=H /)/C
MA^UC-H_[
?[0
M5T!-<^)3:$RLVA1^%O$.N?\ +R@OR8U(5F9C7TAI7[
7PE@^&@_ ?6OVF
M:QX TNQT^RN] 96LM

'-UTQ@#=K3
M))XTT Q*K-C^VHV#JW*8'[07[3'CKPGI?[-.J_#/3Y9--^/'B5]/O+3Q#X0U

M)?CW/C.SU73O$SM8K_Q,--UP:'_ &SIKF-E18YCX?T0X12VBQ@!!FNX\:?



MPWK/CSP=J]YX/T?P\\FI^(;_ 
4:-\4/$'@9V

MD!V\Z]J[2.

M(4'R[/









M &UK%I]L_P)98:IGC/X^GZ&OYOXDX_XD/-Q.&_M;&?[:?8'P'^/T'BJPU#Q
M'XCTK_A&_''@W6/[%UBT^V9^WZIH1_S_ %K] /O[0ECK_P^\0WVN:'_ 
)'
MH_@.\\




M;4MO8YP IQU'S#KC.*_I?X#B+XQ_7)1:6CLUH]K/LT?F&OWKM_7WGSYKNO


G 4-@]A\*_B]X)^)U_X_T+2=%\*6]Q\.

A!EG9MV_VZ]^#?PTU*;6)[[PA

T

M-NP1RN/7-$^._P /M1NX9GTK4='T*[LGUJQ\0WNCA=
O=5T5O^)UHY*]/$$0

MF1!F( *J =@4YC(Z'P3X3@DT^XM]$M8)]))723]D7_ $#]S_9 V\\Y0YQG


M\A'
0^'M'%N+ 6%K]@(_X](+5%L/^^44H3]& R









RG!?[:S\3XDQ/UO&?U_6A[_$?
&3QU_3\_ZU7^QP_P#/(?\ 'Y]K


  %A,C[K+CCHJ*GZLO(M]DA]#^8_PHB@AA^[C/KUX_
M#BK-%4 4445T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3'Z#Z_P!#3Z* / ?VB=%;5OA7
?!<^O_ -;C_/'?I7]*OB_1



$5
M\+:+]=#\*?B%_P $=/@#J7BBW\86/@'1+;6;2\_T.[M+3GD

M/KC'N#41H8/#:V:7=[_=;\3I_M/-L6_]L:?W?YGXH?%3]@/P?J4FH:K8Z';7

MX;V%D(#!8VUMT)X/0'V_S[]37J]GH=M#W()]CTY_3^?UXK]%X=X5R3AO!VR?

RQN


M^F*1H8IO]: 3[G'O[=\T ?D!\3OV(=)\817 GTKWS]C_ Z^OI7SOH/[$_Q4
M^&Y\CX8^(];T33^?^)3=V?\ PDFF8SC_ )F#O].N:_?R:PMI1S&OUZ?X_P?







_HAILD
M-G
/F_

#GL.#_ (U]H?#?_@HS



MY'89R3^@]



\;Z(6QK
MW_9ZV


M*EUT@Z'YG7^W0WR;0-J%6)%/+?$?AO%X12N[)?UHW?[WNOTZE9CPKF^$DT


H..HX_+
MI_\ JZ$=Q\A_M/WUU-\%3J49N=


09AYQXQV'
M(X_S]:/-B&0.W0]NW'7M[GM7YS:E\5O$</Q5N/'OAVRN]1L+O]G[2_&/_*:


;%VD7\P/ZF

MT#_'GQKI/BG2O#?B?P3:Z

S#
L'ED5+&.R=GK:[


$

2S

M8N2







M)?7^N








MP/\ A)ACI@#CH!T%3]8C?1Z?)?\ MWZ_F?N?#OT=?%/-U;&Y
LA5M/:KYZI+


8.0)R[LXQDFOVDT'Q1H/B'2;#
M5]#U2^L-2MA=VMQ;
&22




UYF89A@\#@_KF+LHK16Z/U[?D?-X?#8G%NV%7
M
[-NRNVH[M+=V[)-^6Q[P#GL1]1BEKPK6_C-H?AW4O$%CKEEJ.G6N@C2E_M4


]^5OF'U#&7:UNM=ELW;[[]+^ESW6BN






8X[?YZYSVIX?
\)BWO?9Z_\


M





OK?E_P $]9T?7X-2L-/TK5;CPEXM\/Z79_\

3/O_Q)=#/X#/M7FUF-#A\4&?P=?:E_8_VS_D$W=ICI_P!!S7??
M)/YUS]YK'A6S^S_\(IX._P)AG_C[U:\_M+_ ?_ *^!780Z]\1OB%%;Z)!]




-IU]I9!+:N-$U\C_BGC@\KD87)4CFOH3Q)HT'B#



C&#6U'X)\'17U



?^$().<;5&-P_ASEB
BODWG3PMFO#AK7H





M\


M(IQIVM;DT7QD2/O%IW*?F5@P)&,#U#X(?#[Q[X;U@WOCN+Q#/KVF?\ 465
MWX@/B3^T?#7BS3=;UHOH;#1PY@

M_JQYV8Y=A
JPGU/!9PW;F6C35DVD]&^BU[W\CI=*TCX

?'KP59:I8Z;

^*=3^/$_B

KAY/8M8O%9LW[3A&2J.55-P




M!Z_Z7JUY_P 3/GG\?\^M=/U;ZW_S.#Z3#9WC/J?^Q'J&@_%2#1_#EO\ 88/M

M\48'_%7:9%I



 X&P$?K'%&795F^:PG)6EP_%2:7V

M 


?V?_:.AMC6\

D8(KV

[ 
'H




M\5[BJ@\CY)/5=.\?_%G6O'/BQV^
,R:
MF_\ C$8ZW=E!1YHR3DI?O%*:2?1N\;:?.7AWQ'\4[31OA?H=QK7C31](U/P
MAJ3:OXJO?#FLZEXEL/'BL&&CZV


5W5GXY^+^I:GX9L-5U+6/!6FWOPX\



MLV


MK


5)WBTW:*5VFK)

M1U/X1?'?Q%J7C32M7L@57P)X_P!= _M_1M:!R=OBT_=!)P
 \YK+
O\ ='O\

GI[&N/\ NC_ !&^'O@W6/%6JV/B3PWX@\47GV'PW_T_Z7TY]OIQVYS7
MK&FZEX<\5:7;:5KG_$MUU_X\KL?A_GI^G2Q9WGBK09;?2K[51XDT<Y^Q\_V
ME_X(OQYKYK_:_(_U9S+#?5

M?S)Q7[#Z/KM]XV^'.@8L?#ESH%WBS_T72#IWV_Z#)P..V
X]:^1])\=Z'&//

M9UC5]4(_T[3





 @@$L:]NNOCKX:67[/HF
ME:QXAN+72?#FM:O965KC4-&TSQ#E]%+IA06)#NR@M@;CN(SC+TW]H3PMKUSJ
(]3TO6-IU#P'G7.2#XCW#&0&'&,J"V,==#X(^)D
M/Q1TZA\(:A:^ -*U7Q5H]\?^$D;4=0UW3-:T4C1=:)/B/@*X(8$;UY! ;IZ


KT76M:N3KGPQUP+X@T#QBV3QXE\*AAX8 Z$<

5

M7\/6?_$SU'0=
UTXRX!&2K @@


M.



M=X\






MC




U
















)?D

+YQ&


M_&6S\&VVE:P6=#\*@ __  FA;)B#J-K/9D$D8;FL?XH?M$?%C^W=0^'.D:S
MX)T+5__C+X#W=[XXT#5GU'3M?\ #'Q3UK7X]=T8EP'T(@: LC$AUL&92K

MXA\-:/JU_I_@;3)]9L_&/Q0\



M]LQ_/_\ 6:_EWZ2&'_V/*

M/?@_Y]_PKGX8?)E ^G_Z^W_UZV-8F




$O[1L=1\<ESK8UESX@VR;[?*IRQW
M8%9.C_?X<6=MH&G7'QL\&7&GZ9\-?$WPVS:^(='T[4+[3-=)_XG&Y?$CKYB
M;0=H_P!DJ2


M@%L\$
?$8Y.






M'7=+ULR-_8W)P!\^&8=1M'/ K(_X=[_L5S6L\UO\']
N(
9)/Q%^)9!^G_%4



8( &!D+N

4IOO9J[]$FEWW_ 7]L8SZI]3NK:)*RTW5KVYM$[:[7?4^VSJ^E1]=3T
MT?75U;^I_'M5G^T;#_G]M?\ P,_^O7YY6?[%O[MSXVU'P/'\-;9O%VE:2OB
M2\TIO'OQ*1O[
UF5ETE\?\+*EB%V@8


M%ZOC)_(^*LCC/W@/;UKVKX$_L2? /]FKQ)K_ (G^#VA^(]&UK7- 72+UM7^(
I_:[4<@C@YXXSSG/<5^G;G




7MN]O7IWT_/YW/

M\1?BSX2^&_CW_A&Q:7?VKQ+_ 
(YJQ\-2/(VC$[B %&Y6'.1EP!@(*^M9^WX
UUKKI:_16T6MDKI))V?SMIWQL_89T_6=(U
MO2_VE?!.G:AH&E:3X8NKNT\9+IQU[2]$^71=(US=QKVW<QZL[#( YTZT^/'


M;.A)K*^5C1


#M5@_:I^%%S/X%\-ZIH^D&[^*F@ZD

@

M2)?

MR_\ $NT174'13_PD+-'N#L'8*6^9C@Y*MGZS\//V









\=:_GCQ1\6L9PGC/]B]?0_?O 'Z

US1=NN
?\ A'O#A\3^(/\ A%/#:CKD



^H?LZK\4=
\ _$OP9\6



:!06O_!S]EW1_A%XALO%

-^'/AC^S!XEO
M!\

MT
:R610VW0-I5GC!(!!4!B!I-K'PG_X6?XG^'_B?PMX0TVY'B72AX=.EY&IZ

&_&F@7=AX6N_AO<6FDMJGC3Q7J
MFN*!K@30B $50/X%0,2P)VX[@_%[]G_ 





C/N?6M2
MBB@ HHHH R[^(S6EQ 
X:V?^;8Y_#\\5^'?[8UGY/B/4/(Y_T/\ 3W)_SUK]

LX/M^H3P?\ 'Q[C\_KU]L?6OY^^D)0Y^&5)




X9^M'[(L


M



 $RJZKOC:/=O5A@!P57[8^)GB/5?!O@/QGXKT?0)_$NK^&O#FK:W



CY4UCXSZ_X\DTG:6#:$OBGP_KJ1/Y

*2&5_V%9?#08J4<4[PU\5OB+X<^%/[+.GZ'?V]SK'Q.L?

MPIX3G\





-:T/:

M 








MSO\ IO\ Y_[XK\T+K]I_XM6_CGP-X'TS4? OBBV\7Z7\
[R[\4Z9X?UC^S=$


8+99A_P@

D ^_?]

%_'K






M

MVUZTU9?#I/CCQ!K?B)O%NBC]X?\ A(&_MM8;H;0K0Z
524
2\?EFL_\ !/OQ






OA!XR\4Z=IOB+Q./[%T?QAH%L^GZDNE:0V@;
MM84
S%/$!



#:Q
M^F/)A\O&/EZYSW^G3W_KBF_981YO&=W)]N.#_GCCI0!^;^G_ +&WBJW\0Z!K





^N?\/_ )_(
MTIO]2?H/Y5^)?PT_9K^


KJS+._PR5_6W]6/$
OQ=\*OV











M  0/D?QA^QW^U;X]\'6&G^/M6\#^+M9M/$GCV]M!X@\9:QJ1T#POXY_9B7X3





Y_/'.






M&7A_PWX'^&'PXT32O'7P3'QS\WNIMK _MR3_A+_ .P-T;78_#_ (;9?#V?


QPF$^)_U\OZ_
\4^A9_V



K

%SJ.D

K3_A7WB35CXOUGQ)IE^-=UP_\ $E.UB
_\)%CG/WCG SM':^!OV?\ X=?#




MS5O^$
7P+HNA?VT[KH/_+Z*/#2JR[3F/YL
31]9P?;\$!]%^!?C-\'/'GB




M+T#5]8\-:5H)^!?C3P%X#;P;K0/AHL#X4\1ZZ

MQ7\(=$T72M.N?#/QB7Q19^!/%NBV9;P[J/CGP_HQU_6M%&Q S'_A&]#UUO\
MA)0C*7T%T 8'GR#3_P!DS]C[QM;Z?X/L/#NHZQ875CX]OOM=OXBUEM
UO3/'







M_P#UQ^O;]*_


EP?A

 /




']<E77&MQ)X<8


MKJOAI-12_P# 1T-!KO@M?^$@4OC_ (1U2X#.W.B



PT[^R
M-?U?QGPKUKQGHNO2QMX:F^+/AG1?^$E3PX=YB3<@0JQQ]%^*H?V<-?TOP]\






M$

MEJX55


-$34%TJZZV;/O79CL5*@YS@A@.-IS['+;+.
2X/T&



M^RAV_+_(#F]&\-Z)X:L8=
T/3-.T?3K;BUM--M514 [851SSW![?

5NRQAN



&XVQF
M+QA^T'[(VC0:;X',^?3KU]_\.,&OL4CY![<\?C_+//TKYR_9UM/L?PZTT=.




M0


_Z

MRM1TS779/$*ZT=XRWB8J3



*%2-RRY92^YOJ;8/4_I_A3&&#C\144

:A=:E%K6AZ
MZSZ^WF$:^I;00FTD






Y]NH_F:_H/_X*






+EV$PBOA%R_.Z
M_0 HHHKTPBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH KUG:CY'V2_\ /Z8Y^G&/;IUS
MVQ6S5:6($?IS_G\C^!H _$C]J[PWY/B.XG\BY^SW7_'G]D/MU'3Z5^6_B2SL
M9KJXG_Y=_K]



MA]IO]I7^CV-C_I-Q=7GV+[)9\_;A[_S_ 
YK[/\ #?\ P3^\.:;


MF(L
Y_XG6MZY_P BSX?Z UZ6)S/!]/Z_ \3AO@#&?\QO]?B?:OP0\
WOA?P9


MF^ O$/@?69;F.PURQ-H[6?%Z
YR58GGH-W QDDGU\C.:QN49GA/YZ;_ C+
MM_E\P/YYOBU#!#JOG_Z-]GNQ]M^U_P#/_P#KTQV_#I7SO-Y'F_Z_I^I/^';^



_Y@LX_K







%%%% !1110


7\
M27Y_Y/\ K4_
S1O^7G[.MK?PWNMS_$;Q6P'%IK'C'66TT$]44@A?\ @63U
M[\?='@3X8^!?AGI1TGP/X5T/PIIQ'-IX?LET]/;(_7!/&
_7T3D\9)_'_&G^






M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 
D^XWTJ*K%% %?R/?]?_K5BWND6&HQ
M3V^J:;:ZA;W&.+NT741_P+() &.

M31]'4_FH!_


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#]IO\ AD?]
MI'_HCOB+\]%_^:6C_AD?]I'_ *([XB_/1?\ YI:_HV^PG_*)_P#'*/L)_P H
MG_QROX0_XD&\+?\ HKN


C_M(_P#1'?$7YZ+_ /-+7]&WV$_Y1/\ XY1]




C_M(_]$=\1?GHO_S2U_1M]A/^43_XY1]A/^43


M_P##(_[2/_1'?$7YZ+_\TM'_  R/^TC_ -$=\1?GHO\ \TM?T;?83_E$_P#C


MAD?]I'_HCOB+\]%_^:6C_AD?]I'_ *([XB_/1?\ YI:_HV^PG_*)_P#'*/L)





M\HG_ 





N/YR?^&1_VD?\




C_M(_]$=\

%O_17<8_^ \*__*0_XG!\1_\ H2<(?^!\5?\ RX_G)_X9'_:1_PB
B__ #2T?\,C_M(_]$=\1?GHO_S2U_1M]A/^43_XY1]A/^43_P.4?\



C_M(_\ 1'?$
M7YZ+_P#-+1_PR/\ M(_]$=\1?GHO_P TM?T;?83_ )1/_CE'V$_Y1/\ XY1_

M(OST7_YI:/\ AD?]I'_HCOB+\]%_^:6OZ-OL)_RB?_'*/L)_RB?_ !RC_B0;
MPM_Z*[C'_P !X5_^4A_Q.#XC_P#0DX0_\#XJ_P#EQ_.3_P 
C_M(_P#1'?$7
MYZ+_ /-+1_PR/^TC_P!$=\1?GHO_ 
TM?T;?83_E$_\ CE'V$_Y1/_CE'_$@

M?GHO_P TM'_#(_[2/_1'?$7YZ+_\TM?T;?83_E$_^.4?83_E$_\ CE'_ !(-
MX6_]%=QC_P \*__ D/^)P?$?\ Z$G'_@?%7_RX_G)_P&1_VD?^B.^(OS


MB_\ S2T?\
C_ +2/_1'?$7YZ+_\ -+7]&_V5O0_]\K_A1]E;T/\ WRO^%+_B
M0;PM_PBNXO^_A3_ .4FG_$Y/B/_ -7A'_P+BO_ .6G\Y'_  R/^TC_ -$=




MEM

M%30]/\?6/[)__!37]MSQ/=^%O#_RZIXL3QN/ .MZ!H^M
\;1_P#%4^)=
M_@G\?AMXO\ $_CCPKJ/COXE:!X@T:71/VA?'WB5HM==?#);PSXXE\)^D\'



T'7?^$?
M!\



M%& /WM\ ?M:_LZ_%+XV?%?\ 9M^&?Q5T[QM\9_@1;:2WQB\)Z#8Z[J@^&XU[







O


GA)(@ERR8C6O:OV3/^@G['?[;?PT\2_%K]F3XUZ)\0/'@/4%T;Q


MOKQ=_P ' W_!
/PK'K.H7/QX\5ZQI%M::O\ \(CXJ\/_  2^
^I_#?XD^*M$


M^%7P+^'NL?M1VO[7_P 
_$GAK1/AAX)_X1R1M8^%/[+$GAP?$[0/C*/#N@A(




M6D^

60 _L-^
_[0OP6_9\;X;-\


MJ=J^8/FRV?E3XZ_\%4?V)/V9/BYXF^ ?QA^+&I:'\;?O@SPKX\N/A3H?P\

!?#@0*1SM11DE0: /T*_91_X*'_





MOQQL1XS\1AX=_MZ3E6\7KX+SN*PK\KO^#?G7?A_X5_X(\^%KWQ=J_@G1?!/@
MKXB_MB6OCMM4NM'T[PQX4\+:-^TU\8 \7C=ID4#0$\/ &3_A*&&/!ZH69H&7



M_&;Q]KOP-'CG16W./@VWQ';1?%
@)\L

\&T ^^_P!I7_@JG^PO^R!\1M?^#_Q^^.UA\/?B?H?P

?#

NF^'=.U;QU\ /$&A:#HNKZRY\I&\5^(M9$:%V*.?
+H

MSKHVOQIXA!$FDL-TT
+28WE
 *?=*Y71M2T34[07^B7NG:C;D?8_M.E7BZCI
MZGJ061BO P#C/'!)YS^??P
^&W_!3?0?B_8:]^T5^U1^RG\1?@P1XG-W\/OA
MG^S'XR^''C:^




_P!C



^T CX
M6\-?\%T_V=;[_@I]\;/V??$/[0_AS0_V=/ ?PM^&'A?P-9?\*D^)@\1^*_VG




!8-
[]G
%



8TCPOX
MX)J:SX2_LG2-*TQ_#^K:_P#$SX!KKVL:&^70==EBUW7D8H0N===3YK/((P#
M]3/CWXDU:[_X*7?L8_#?1/VZ_%GP=O;OX;?&+QKJW[$VF?W_A)/#W[2_AG1
#_




IXO^!E[X5\?$SXC:G\3_#1ZPUS0M^'OA
MCQ7XB'A]O^$BT-VE\1I$2^NI&3MC$:=)^RQ^WS^R+_P4.\#?$?4/V6OC/9^/

M969)&7X]_:8_;5\1^ OB;^P]^QG_ 
$V_#O[
'BWQ9^TI\/?&_B[X6?$GQ_J

M?(G_  3Y\-?&KP5_P6]_X*:/^T)X]^WQ*^*UU^P_\ LY:YXC\5_ 7X6GX1



K?PK;?'SXC



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '.
]I
M:123RD6\

?PSBK
./
]XJI\


%BQ\L^
M*7PN\(^



M &;_ (*Z)\;_ !C^TAHOPW\
6'QU^(?A'1O 'C#XFP6 /B37_ _AYQ)H/@_6


*/BYX ^._B'P!X9UGXQ??1O%7AKX<_$
M\LWBCPGX;\=!?'.D:(X<!4\4+HH$B[26!#(RA']XHH ^8#^RI^SVW[0D_

[9)((:OU^HH ^6/C-^RE^S[^T'\&
M-:_9R^
WPD\$^/\ X
:II&EZ
?A]K^BI_P (S8:;H6&\/_V&
D^'_P#A$T 7



M%2[!ZG]/\* /R(\??\$1_P#@F1\1?'?B?XD^*OV6K#4/&7Q'\1:MXQ\=WUE\


MJJ2C
@0
I^(_C]_P3Y\*_ME?\%K/%_C']I7]FWQ7X^_9BT+_ ()V^!?!?AOX



M^*GPKT#Q-%\

M?AIXJ^&FI?!_Q%X \%^(?A+K'AP^]7^&.K^&]&U+P-J'A9E.B_\(D_@B:-?
M#JZ(P$$)!2




X(9OJRB@#Y



M


=? OAWX9?&#P9X
\
IX:\



V?@;7_$'B_XF?$U_ :L% _X0.'XM_$+Q?X=\
M!ZT)&




?P(^.'@?PA\*O



M^+M!_9$^!_AWX.V'CF]TO6O%_P#9FL^


MW]D/X*_&_P 80:A\--=^(WPV\46?B/Q+\/SKW@K24O\ P38:KX);;K.AZYHK



MIF\9X_G_6O+/AGX^L/B1X\(^/M)@N+#2O&'AW2_$UE9:MQJ=CI^MH)45SS

MC/74DHHHKM$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% &5.SB$XC[#T'\N#_ )Q7YC^$?B7XI^&G@O&B:?=W&GZY\:_V

O$FMZ'XQ.AJP8^'5\1'1/#)!P





)=-\
-=ZMH&D

M+\ :Q=6GAYCC4]


MR_VIMR0N54.N

MH4^N




F?H1@_\^\?_?:?XT8/_/O'

T=





_^O1YTO]W_ 

M\_\ POV\/\ HC_@G_P)TG_YHZ/^%C_MY?\ 1'_!?_@1I/\ \T=5_P 1BX:_
MZ(WQ=_\ $&XM_P Q?\0WS7_HKN__$UX37_N4_0C!_Y]X_\ OM/\:
'_ )]X
M_P#OM/\ &OSW_P%@?MW_P#1'O __@5I'_S1T?\ P/V[_\ HCW@?_P*TC_Y
MHZG_ (C/D?\ T1?B[_X@G%7_ 
@/_B'.-_Z*[@G_ 
33A3_Y
_0?9)_S[I_W


MPG_\M/T(PW_//\ .+_C#?\\(_SB_PK\]_^%@?MW_\ 1'O _P#X%:1_\T='

MTC_YHZ/^%@?MW_\ 1'O _P#X%:1_\T=3_P 1GR/_ *(OQ=_\03BK_P0%_Q#
MG&_]%=P3_P)IPI_\F?H1@_\^\?_ 'VG^-&#_P ^\?\ WVG^-?GO_P + _;O

F?H1@_\^\?_?:?XT8/_/O'

T=





M'_\  K2/_FCH_P%@?MW_P#1'O __@5I'_S1T?\ $9\C_PB+\7?_$$XJ_\
MD _XASC?^BNX)_\ $TX4_P#DS],'_GWC_[[3_&C!_Y]X_\ OM/\:_/?_A8'
M[=__ $1[P/\ ^!6D?_-'1_PL#]N__HCW@?\ \M(_P#FCH_XC/D?_1%^+O\

-)_\ FCH_X6%^WA_T1_P3_P!.D__ #1U7_$8
MN&O^B-\7?_$&XM_S%_Q#?-?^BNX+_P#$UX3?_N4_0?SY/]C_ +[3_&CSY/\
M8_[[3_&OSW_X3[]N_P#Z(_X(_P# O2?_ )I*@_X6'^W?_P!$7\#_ /@;I'_S

M_P#/O'_WVG^-?GO_ 

M:1_\T=+_ (C/D?\ T1?B[_X@G%7_ 
@3_P 0YQO_ $5W!/\ XFGG_R9^@WG
M2_W?_'O_ *]'G2_W?_'O_KU^?/\ PL?]O+_HC_@O_P -)_^:.C_ (6%^WA_
MT1_P3_X$Z3_\T=5_Q&+AK_HC?%W_ 
0;BW_
7_$-\U_Z*[@O_P 37A-_^Y3]
M,'_ )]X_P#OM/\ &C!_Y]X_^^T_QK\]_P#A8'[=_P#T1[P/_P!6D?_ #1T





'_GWC_[[3_&C!_Y]X_^^T_QK\]_

T='_P/V[_ /HCW@?_ ,M(_\ FCH_XC/D?_1%


MM^H_V2B



M]%AP7U_YK/@]=GW[Z^OW'US=:-XGGUM+C3_$&D6NC_:;+-I=^$DOK^\6/2U1










P/!O%LH6OI2DHN]N]E;7^6_W
M'Z









=+_\

M%5JJL7^M/_ JM5^S'YP%%%% 'QU^V?\ \FX?%#_L#:?_ .G[1*]1_9]_Y(C\




DD8  'N0
X^OX=/SJ.8@XQT&!_.O@[XY?M0WOPZ\3CP[ WA31
*[YE&.Q^4@\^Y/3L:I:;K5=7=V^6FOS/0R7)<;Q#C/J6!2<K=T
MM.[T;L?=Y=3V_#_]9-*%4CC^?^?QKX.\'?M&ZUJ]W;&WGT7Q';W)TVSLQI%J

#_/^3R8;$K%)VV2;MT]-SHS




]2.._TK\LM8^-@@U3[#




M0 4444 %9TW^N/U'\ZT:K2#S'\8 _SG_/3GF@#\/CO_P %%/C?XM^(?C7X

MSQOAK]A+XX?%K4=/\8?M)_$75-2ANK


#N$.'JBUJ<96E/C344FHSD[1O+1<ONQC:\4VC\X/A[^



[
M3;'42,[@GA_Q 026P,?\(B %)8$GY3ZOX6\:?%.?Q5X9T/5?&/PP\4P7EI]L
M\26O@GPYJ^GG3],. -:37'\22(H)(J5QG^')Y^M!GR\@F7V4Q8''IST_G@9
MXS7;_P 0V\(.*\)++PWX,25OBX.X0;376/*N5???OT/.PO%W&&4XIO\8\8

M^S




B; Q3:NX9+MSG)_3T




*^7N\#Z./#8?Q!XD&O
M_(/#6[S-H!+D\U]PZ?\ \%R_V)=4Q#-XYNO#&H9&ZS\:^#OB1X;^Q\8PV[PP



M\JO[17_!PE\1O@9\+]2\?V_[








-O%8N].%CH=YK/C#PYI]Z)#DD:X?#)3@@;<H1\H!4C@_:.M?\
M%C_BII.C^']6N/V=?F-=\':9XFO%_X3W5\6.J
1C1O^1:)R

9/K7Q_%





O VD?$+6?B!JN



MAZ-KC8;_ (J#D'(Z'@\$&OS^KQGA


MVVD

MV& +RVOC

M7^MW&2AS0IMI*/


$'
MVG%X?^7/_B6?Y'Y=?2OM30_VG-#\#:MJ]C)9^*Q!;WFIVFJZ!:V6CZEI?]IY




M\Q%@)!XU!X_1I(\6&?.2

M36BDKIRAF?+=6;:



A;PP=






M



M)\9/AKI_CZ:WM+:YN=7U31[ZVL[75TTQ=3T36Y-$+:
=?PRJS(?FP=SDY!VL

M[UD&%TO1]'(\R1R J +EAWX^=?-S'
L'E6$^NX[;Y?KHOU%0P^*Q3^J817:T
MT5Y._P!F*5]?^#=I79Z!:((SEB.O_/K''Z8Y !'_ .O%3S2ACQL_&.-^/^!_
MEU/%?#
7C[]J#XQ/_P 6[\&Z=\'?!-V =+\;_$JU.H^-KW32 6;1/!3%0B]#




T;V\['YR:#\3O%6CZI;Z5X<T.YM?_V/[%






M^M_V1Z_FK_U\SX'#?$_5&1\7O^^W[#_ ,#O&]SX \7_ !A^,7BO6!9:7K7]
MK?CP+J_Q&\


T


?Z

\5:K_P (3]J^&^J:+=ZM
MXL\2?V;X&].OB#)_X2+CUX]J]@_:*^.7PR\5:U;WWPR\?^$O&VGZ7X;QK%WX

ZL^=MW5U5DU'D6


?_ ;E\#_^R0_#3_U] KW
M5N0Q]%Y^@X_K7A/[



FX?%#_ + VG_\ I^T2O4?V??\
MDB/PK_[$'PK_ .F4U^
4?^3[9Q_V9[A+_P!;*J?HU7_DSV3_ /9X.+O_ %B^

M% 'X*?MI_P#!








M%3/_ 

C$
OA!S7


MX@Z*R5UKOZ=&[67=H^E/VR_%_A0?!+]DCQQ\;_B+IG@CP?JNL:7K?C'QQXLU
M?1O#?AG0M5UWX+:^!K9UWQ /^) ?^$BUL#/H%'0 5P&F_LKZ'9ZSI_CCP=XJ




UK4M9T
MZ[&
MS211D_V[*[* *Z/QM_P4+_8U^'[K!XC^-_ANT)&?MMI:ZQJFGW3$9^4Z$CJ

ZE_P5K_9?@&GS: ?B+XCTC5-6-A9^(K7PQ_9WA@MQR=;UYD&!
MW  ZD*RCBOG


M%-5\'8L21X@RS)K_ (9\5_\ $^_XGFM8PWS D$@*6JQIG[:W[/OQ7:^\$:7X

R794*

-2\7ZR?C=\==)%SXOS]L\^1C4]
^


M7XI+B#-_KF
RC^W\DR&344K7
@-H




5S-VBS[X^*?C


:YG^P




Z#9:QJ7B:R_MI2GS:(JD:YX?9&(+QI\N2-I3Y3K_

G')

M'FK4X-P5-%9CA\;B\K_M?&)K-GI)25U)25TT[W;4ERS32D[PDV_?9]D457@[
M_C_2K%?M)\Z%?'/[7WPK\%?%7P/X8TKQ]J'QBTVPTWQ
FH63?!WQQK?@GQ&=



\]

'-#Y^N:^X+/3?.X_R/_KY_'U&:\7,L-]4SC-\%:WEV
MVZK?6Z]5IT/;RW$_6\'D^-./_L[]U_G\^F.GZ=L5Y_\ $Z'['\/O'$^/^9/\
M4<^N-%]_\_C7TA_9'_3O)_C9H_D_KXD3_\^O@/Q1_Z9?7@]_2N;$_[D='_
M #&?(_A?_P"F<W_ !C[X?L3/_Q]7FJ7HZ_] 7'Y_E_/'\\VFWGB/PW=7&A_
MV5]IM[K_ $WFS/X_G7]/_!3*:QL_!'P?@U7_D'_ -L:I_;%I:9S_9?_ !(/


M\!^



M+_$?AN#Q)=:A_;D'[-_PWU'^Q_\ BI/$7A.SUG4O'.@G0M:X_L/_ (2#G/\

C4H)]2_X2^@\56]UI^@_$GP'X+M/&]IH_@P_\)Y_PG.LZ!_;



+O_;^W!]3_D&L


M7P



LXS;./KN-/]2W]E

M8_96_9IU:ROK77+?4O@-\';NVU2S&;#4
^!_#[?VJF

M_0_RK]SP_P#NJ]'^2/!Q/^\OUE_Z6[BT445UF)F-_J5^B_RMJ_/3P[_RD'\=
M?]DQTO\ ]
6@5^A;?ZE?HO\ *VK\]/#O_*0?QU_V3'2__3%H%?C'B_\ Q?#K





MJ2R\?3__  38\?\ _!1_Q-X.^

;J_@A&VJWXG?L[?M\2WL\
MW[
_[/?@'XF?$C]H']ESQG_PA^K^'?#OPO\ V55TK0O@[X%\7GPWH6L:+\4O

MN-8T*T)L_$&J@#^PM

M_![P5?\ C+Q;XH^$OPM_9A^('B_0]
\:7WC_ 





M9^P(=
\
#: !K6M#P_\ M(^+?$Z^&P /^*G'RD\XR23^A_QGUOXP7?[//QGU

M$6F_Z9\*OV3YX!_QZ^#_ (7_ )?\*7T#C&..N?;UKYN\':W\6=3?4=1'C/\
M;?\ %ME9V*O:7%G\?@U\ ?#=ZKZWXA5'T1?B!X;_P$H56





D7?)/?ISGGMQ^IK\\K/4O&5Y8:/8^1IUM_:?\ H5Y:?;-9


M'\+V7A'0['1; 6UM:KA02 .AZ^YZ^P_#/:$%H!VYZ'_ '2 .W4XHA_3T(_
M#'_Z_P!:MU_:N'P^%PN&^IX.T816FMWVN].W]=OXDQ%=XK%?6Y/FDW)O=7;=


M_:*TBS&FB_\ $^@9T)-$^*.B;D\

%Y%.M

MN^3_ 

)
[SC%XSZ[@LX=[O\
MJWY_Y'[[P!EO#?\ 8^3X/^R(I6Z6M=V5W)[ZZ)WU6CN['JV@_'W3(56WO]%N






_\3W1= U[J.-W_$]/3.2#R:6)MA
'




M%EP

M  D-W_R



?7KW_
MOYG]!^'O]L?$_6/ ^K:K;6UQH/B35-%^UVG_ _ZKH0'_(#_ %]!]*_MPL]8

M-

?LA\/?AC\.?-\'^&[&^U+PC\4


M +3;:AXH^*GA?1?^$LN]'_M+32==UK_H.?A^ASWHQ/\ M?\ OIZ6&^N?\P63
MG^S;\#6A_P%.??R)OM






J_-?\

5^M&O?L%?L(S6M


MRPW^ZKTD?$O^ON04445U@9C?ZE?HO\K:OST\._\ *0?QU_V3'2__ $Q:!7Z%
MM_J5^B_RMJ_/3P[_ 

MQ0_[ VG_ /I^T2O4?V??^2(_O\ [$'PK_Z937EW[9__ ;A\4/^P-I__I^T

MD!G\OP_E0!^1'Q:U+7(?^7?PW\5:'KG_-ZAI?A#]E^]_X2'^Q]&\1_8/\
MBM/ /_
#\0?\4QX@_PQ6/UQ7X4?\$G?$O[0O[5'[:/BCXI_$?X^^/?&_PQ
M!_PN'QW9^#_@E\3?['_X5I\2M3&B'03XR'PK!V^'_AUX4R#X)\+%3X
\%'P\


M\2
_
I7.-P(R*ZL-N_7] 

M47Q_^

/A/\ V/\ \4-\)?'G@7QI\(O[


Y?K*\C[N_9[^/WQ^_:
MU_X*0^(/V._#GQBMM;_87_X61_8OQ4M/?PWT;3=,U[2]_XD/CKP7X'USQ!


K\/6^&PUMG7PF@

W^J:[_P B+\:/ ^AC
MC_A'?%GAP:YW_P*+\::!7Z8:;H\'AO_ ()X^.-#L8/^)?H/P'^/&BZ/:'_E
MPTO0M%\?:%_8OM_];BOQ_P#V7?$ECXP_;Z_X2/0Y_PTKBU_9+^%_ACQAJ]I

M#_#FAZ!IFN:;KK-KIUC5VT&*-)#XF<'Q'_PD[I_AE 9C7S/\0?#5[XO_83\

M;P_XH\.^&K31A=70!_LW1FT)]%R1@88D''7(R6((KYO

M[GH/+&\G_MF[L^+YQEJM&U[K4;:MMM-W344K:NYV/P@\4+XKOO'XA746&D^)
M=1T87=_9&P^W
A!4Z&6))T 8RK$EMXW9)&:^@P
X-+.
MF:YIEQI=YJOVNUU^SUO3N?&/B!0-$T+7CNT/P_G1#L4#DA<#< 3]H@@










1@$9Y.-OY _$CX_P#Q^^*FE^']*TKXFVVFZQJFL:I9:SJV
Z3X6AU^&;1;73M0NK/_B3VFJZ./[+L<_\QK@?
M\C%WX/7OC.?Y4/!_PW@']H^*_OQI^-GPW\0:7_R!_B;XAUGQD-
OO%&N_\



=:G&G:3X











9[G]:_


NTL:[BGY]_M_?LX_#7]FKXSV'@_X3^#AX3\(^
OA


_P!?




_
MASWK\

\2?LQ^')O




M9SZG\)?&'ARW@N;G_3/ =E9VA_[#73Z]!VY]




M%%%% 'QS^V?_ 
FX_$[_ + ^G_\ I]T:O4_V?/\ DB7PI_[$+PI_Z9C7EG[9
M_P#R;C\3O^P/I_\ Z?=&KU/]GS_DB7PI_PQ\*?^F8U^
4?^3UYM_V9_A'_



A7[$_#S1_C]_




M!X/GUCPM_95]XC\;6UP/^?/QAXRT[M_V


M1T+P]X&\



M^$'\ 6UQS]LN[3X;_!O4L_\ A0?#?V_SS75]9?G]X?5O]L_X']?=^!\S?L6_

:+KGC

&E?$G]D'XH3^'+[[
M3I^J?#?X\65GW_XE?]BZ^/\ /UK\/X?V/_ &C_9_&-C!;:)XG%G]AO+SPGX#
M^&G@G\_^$?\ AOCCU[=Z^@)OB1XC^%?PYUCP=X5U6YMM/_X0_5-%^R7?]C:E
M_P 2O7=%_L+_ *%L?Y ]ZY3J^K/S/Z)?!GAS3?%'[


O'F@^!UT4Y'_
NZ$[!LX4Z%D@@$'W_1-#@N/V



M9F23QAKJQF/!??\ F_%F)7]L27_
C_U/=^K_ .2QAHNRZ]]7?2UO?RW$-\.9
MMA$Y/_C



/$$D:965U9SX2D





%'C/B=R44XN
8*3NI-1BY*
M


M[QM\2/_A?Q'JG_!VEUXPUGQ)IGA(Z[_P QO7/^$ /A+ ]O%G3CDUY1H_Q4











M4X[ _P#





Z#1_'G@#PT

']N
M]3TG6[S2;6YUG0?[3_LC5;JV']HV']MC&M?V.Q4N!(@17^5L*
#.6_ /_@L
MA9B+XR_!K51C_2OA;XGL3@=]#\9+['J-='/)YS7[0?$[6/BC:!?#EO:Z;;7
M-WM-S:C^TM2 /8C&
8Z#&

%1/#?BJ&Z^!_C'Q3?7-S_:EEX\T7_2


?]L^IX/?\ I?BC





M




9QOQ)G&-P7

MO/[-]_?_ #[U_0Q\0OAC_:5K^_L;;_1;

M




O\ C
.
M

MTVSOII;?R=*MNO7[9ZCK_GGL:_83]URW



CN
M]W/8X^J)ON'ZBOZ7PW^ZKTE^2/RW$_:]7^3):***ZQF8W^I7Z+_*VK\]/#O_


MX2_];*J?HU7_ )

_\ONJ
M?R'^?:OKFOES]HB#SKKP0/\ I]U
9_X OY?7_ 4 ?E_^T-^W;\3/V3KGX
_#


@C\)_&[4M9U/6I_A[=

U+2!?!VNK(3OA5Q\)EF



;36=4U15 LM4
M. NCZ






A:GKO
M_P#$:V
8;_A(C_PE!P/&*\G&
[:_0+P7J5[\ _AMX)TSXO^)[CQ?XI\4^+H
M]$O_ !%X=\

MG@@^U?\ %M_'GV.T_PY+U__ !Y_/-?R@:;X5_XJWQ1JM]!]IM__C#POX9T

-^G^?2OH9


MO%NL7VB7PN3Q_P!0W4[#UQG&1^ R/3.*_
G6-!\1Z;]HL?MVI?9Q_P _=Y_:



DE^<I/RB]KH^MO^//[7]]^V;K'[7WQ+U7PWH7AJXM_'7PTL+'2])NCJ;
M)X:.@^(#H!US7@-=\0; X=R5&=B DL ?W'DPKVQ](W/;HMJA_+U]J_FI_X-
MR=)T31OAW^TI;V
UU]O;QC\

V
M/PAP/Y5]+PSAL+A

^1+A/Q*XNX:=_^
?G



9R
-
OOC_ /MRVVI_LSH?








Q6+263MVZMW9^5V


PF
^NX+_ASU#]J*\GGAMYY_P#C





R?&\
M

XA/

_P#9*OAHWX-X/T%^_P#O
_P#Q.AZ_C^GO7E_QFUC0_$GPN-5\.7UMK=OI?C'^VK.[TF\T;4M
M

. .





M HHHH ^.?VS_ /DW'XG?]@?3_P#T^Z-7J?[/G_)$OA3_ -B%X4_]
QKRS]L_
M_DW'XG?]@?3_ /T^Z-7J?[/G_)$OA3_V(7A3_P!




M'8_$!T+_ (0WPMX4*LP#'QU&CE5'Z=?J,^-_P!F'X1WO@*[T6_\6KX71M6
M\&7A741J.EG626T76]##%AM(P2RKZ@L*[#]D[1/BEI
FHPG2_@[X8\(?:M4N







R]FDHRYO:/A)S_ (RDX-4O];G&R=Y6


MB?UB_LU7GVSQQXN/;_A'-


M/





MJ!U@?$&SU;[&-2_XFG.@Z%HO_PL?7W] T&$S7_[C'_'YZ'T[Y_GW_O;OB/


&98O-/$CB_'8SXJE9.22Z\D5;




/$-H?\ B9_V6/K^.?8?GY/H/Q@\?^?!'BQ^%?Q-\2:)_PGG]E

_A_P[_PCG;M7UJ/_AQ[B;47T.UN[Z]M=W
MFK6AU+4M04XR01DY(Z=/YUMF#R8OW$%M;?Z'GG_)'X=.X]_X0P_BUPYE+^I9

MFK731][:-XZ\)ZC_ 





L2



!IG]L\?V)K8*L0.
@





MZC?\$]+R30_C5'I)B%QIOB#1O%-SX09;U=P\--C7!K(Z_P#$AR5@\[O$@

\\
5Q!;_Z-;W0_P!
M+0^W?\ P_GS7V)^Q]^T?XP^$'Q_^%-\6N?$

/&.E?#:\TNTM=)O]1OM

MV5N63;=E:VUFS^RV'_4CZ'^53U!#_J1]#_*IZ_U#/\;!J?='X_S-?FA_P4P\

MC;]I7X?^$?G@@Z*-1T#QX/$MZ-6O&T]1IO]BZ[H6 2,DDRKU.6QPORFEAOL
M_+\D16VEZO\ )GXB?\+OKR+_7_G_P#6^OTS7E_QF\[Q)\--8@_X^KC2KW2]



M6EX?[


MZYMK?V&
_P!?\].Q^@/VD/MQ-^S)X'\.03VWVBU^,'VV\X_ZDOC_//.:^![
M/4M5T&*XL;[_ (F6G_I_];/3_P#77V^6_PUX/\ K^OR/YOXDS+^ULXSC&_U

M?WFI:'-+^XG_ / S_B6GG'?\_3U/-8^L36
VC:B//'-GJG^?\_IS7M_5EY'S


MG^=?YL/CR;]G.\_:E^($\_QI\;:9K'_#5'CO_1+7X5ZS_9G]J?\ Z-?_P)






M]?VT_?\ 

MW-?

ER4_0?XS:]H?@
M_1M8G_Y#?^A@WGV3_B9$_P!?\X^OSOK&I^'/&%A;_:(+;Q;I]UX/Q]D\0YU+


M/3P[_P I!_'7_9

MI_\ Z?=&KU/]GS_DB7PI_PQ\*?^F8UY9^V?_R;C\3O^P/I_P#Z?=&KU/\
]5^2?_!9^

MW'P])KK2-&IW



G@G[?CG0M%_XI_Q)SQGU.03Q




M7\0



$]5\<_\3_P^<-P
M#XHT#9

7A3Q/X_^/ZZ'HWAN_\ C%I.CZ+K1L]&




M$@! )VY)P

^
N

M#.$?HN\&^)7@+'C/..
.

MJK


MY_Q




?8_



E+:+WZKWE=-_5?
M_!-KQKXVU#P?\6? 7Q$\1^%/$FH?#OQX+7PY=^%]);P_J*^!]=6#5]#/C
D
IVG.[(_1X31E<':

M/P/7BO\ 13Z*^98O./ CPYQV-7ORIZ**45:\XQ22T5VNE^NNMC^
^+L1@L5Q
M'F^

3TQ%&N/R'Y?Y]J_(;_@M%X;M]3_8Y


WO6=-XP\*V<OD3Z[

M-?P_BBN-*T/X'ZI;7-UI'Q.\

M?7/VQ/B-KLGV[2?@OJ6B:O::Q_PDUEXLM? ?C'4M3L/%']BGP'_;7_0LG_BF

X_P!7K)[+HNK?6U_N/Y:X_P )@\5QCG.-



M &7X)^)&+UO+@WETWU]W[]=.S/ZTX?\ 4CZ'^53U7@[_ (_TJQ7^N!_S_!11


-;^
.F?%'4+G
M %T-8  &.@T('   Q[8KY0O+.^^'M_;:KXJM[FVM[6\/^A_\A+4^_3W_ 
\X


M]BNOL?\ 9I'^?\:^9]?_ &J/%6I?\@/0]$TWM]KN[TZEST^G!Y_'..*_%/\


M^I]Q7F]YJ5_J4MQ]NOKFZ]/M=Y^?_P!:O;PW &




M/8/'G[0FJ_$+0=(\'7WAS3=$T?0=8U76K.[^V:SJ6J?\3W_Z_I^//7R?[%!_

M0DS]2TWU@_T?\.F?\^W'7BN'U[0)X=
UC[#/]F'V+5/\CMZ8Z]L5ZA]L@E _


_?

6



.A(WBC0O$(C'A]M_A7Q?$0Y9-A





M


MR;NST;3=
\6ZKKO_ #!?I_Q(O3.?SK^M[Q5^S+\8#;F7_A4WB*Y;D[;2T&I-

@^%AP02.1G)B







;M))/B[B
MY\J=TF^+N

MU\.6W6&#_P! 4-N_'/ZUZ1K'B_X*WM[HV-C;XM;LZQXCO+/X*Z1ING=!HW

M_7+B!\CL^#7S)2?1I\9*Z3MJYJZTT
:'PN)I+_1I_!WP6N9[71]
-GJH^+K:

;@3V^N.N3GUK^Y?HP8G#
M8KPAX0GA+*G*7%R26R2XLQ'.[-NU[.R72]]6K?X
^*6)P6



M=#T

M_.

RXVXP

.

/V.UN(/(\$_P#0?;/]#TFS\8:R-,O]+_[#G_
M-C/^3]+%G\6O$EY%J @L?5S_9=G]NO+3_A//^87SQKG_%-_SKU#4M-GO+X

'KG_

O_ /RV_0G\.G/-



7PUG&28SB_C%Y'K:+MROREY-Z/39O?K^T
'?\
M'^E6*KP=_P ?Z58K_H:/Q

M(0=JY)!!Y.

I&N J1P1CI7SQB?.((


MYI-SHFL:#K&J:+K&DW=E_9NIZ#JFA?\ (=T;7
\C\J\W^TO7[CJ/-_(O?7]1


^:;_)_S^0S


M_P#J%:#7^6%\?O\ DX']H#]_]I_XOQ\9/_5GZ_\ Y/\ .O\ 4V_9V_Y-]^!'
M_9'_ (8?^H7H-?Y;/Q^A\[]H+X\?\NP_X7Q\9!T'/_%SM?QP/3]
&N7
M_Z\

M/\/Q]^PGTV^F_P!1V_E_A_GWK'O--G\K_3OLW;'^F9S_ /K':N$]/_8CYOU*
<__ %JQ
M-3_6W_X)[?\ )A_[%_\ V:Q\!O\ U6'AVOLFOCW_ ()^CROV%?V.!_=_99^





M)=#_ .$@YX_L/T_YC_IR/\.L)Q=G&#SKB_!X3-N#

^
K\7RXSE%-+C/C


M^$6[#'MGH_UN\2
6_P#A%XPX-?K?K\[_ 'O=??RXCZ6?B/BDL8LFX
22227!

MHW_(:(_X23KX3.N?\)1G_J 57UC_ (73H_BW6/$?A6^^









7A!CL#^F:_/?\ 8-\_^Q?'











KUK[Q+XJEU3QCI4OB/4\%AJ


TCI7L?@7_@I1^T3

UFUF\7^+M)U77_!'PK\0&0MHO@SP#

E*6



-1T




^J^'!($ (



;#X9


MY@N/$'Q)/FY XCSXJR@R21D


MT)AE_8S\$8!Y)\7_ !._'Y1\1

MGQ;J?@_Q':^ ?$6M:K9:;
@C

AZ#I*+N9LQ:%$B@.0
M1@Y)&?0:** BBB@#





3XO-5DCY)N+E)14IJ#=)-V:2J573@Y6M!2<G=

M

M;XF3Q%X*\0

H^(/#']E?\
M1Z1:W0.I:)_;:EM%_M= ^09$#%0&9@/F()!%?@I\2!XD3Q9\<?B'X5^(7Q=



M(_\ A%WTB$#Q.BC_ (3&1'E




MGH?AU_$_A[P\GB0S(OBT[!X1=6\$?\)LH0)'OA?$7!XQ-_V5-63;]Z+?7?W'
OKS^E?#?[$_CS5/BA\ ]UG58?'QN



?M^']:L57G[?A_6
M@#\+OB=IVJ3_ !*\?FWTK6[H'Q?XH.;/2-9Y!UKL<X/'ID'/'!KB/['UO_H

M'-'NM/N-+^&5MIMQI=G]BM/LG@_FPTOKSDYXY_SFOZ








FKNK6:=[/4\U<5<5KGMQ9Q8O:)JI;B
MFW/&4549V2YE*$8P:ES1<4HVY=#XG_:%_8S^ G[4UKX8C^



MG@D G'&:7[2EV$-OM:S_ 'RR';A@8@&)!ZCCD8)]
'%88K*LKQ?-B\7E*VCS








XZD\=O\?Y5%*@'#



QKRS]L_\ Y-Q^)W_8'T__ -/N

:_&*/_)Z\V_[


M:#H6E^)-8\)6VD-9Z7J5V+'3K^;6]9TC169I

M%U_POYAWQ!&$C

5QM;7F?N]3]$X3H<OAJ7]NRI+-T^+



5W3 )_
MPA!F8 KZ5J_[9/P&T2)=6\:/&ESX&\+_$:SG31-9O8K[PQXUUUM\#?P[F\
M0^+?$.R+P?X5WMXKE







M_Q.][:\TV5(.U&0#!(K;$8?/\=@LI





\0Z

MQ5X=UCP]JD4[:=KNDZIHUY]DN38L--UI627!#95]AV9P2/GX(8BKQ'^ZOTC^

M^SAK'A'6?A3\1_!/B31%&MZ)H7@C5O$)V^/?#N
HWBC8%(*N';+HOJGA_P#;

MBT9!7PNK?\)@&8LT;LISW'A3]@[P]H'BOPYXE\6?%3XH?%S\#Z1XC\.?#OP
M]XTO-W^%=
ZA?_  SUI84BT/<?#P/A_P 0


M[K\7B$$?VMQX8$(=4C)#;R7KAOVAOVZ-9T^Q\36'P;\)ZOO\#?%#X8^ /$7Q
M)O\ 3]#U/P;_ 



M*JA21@KHJ
B;0S@^:^
?VO-8^%'Q3_:L;Q?I]SXD^&/P:T7X$Q^&_#^@:-I@

M/M0\;:/\0F^*'P_L=(TSQO)XWT'5O[=T+7]:E1OB0
NXKXI



?\%=



#\OZ^1TG]




M$#]NZ:R[N^

^VWFD^)=8\3:8?

/[..E:)K2Z=9W8'_  D.?$2:RO\ Q2AR1&F3\H-.A74E
M9@?H5L7T_4_XT;%]/U/^-?*T_P 1?BC#K.GW%GH/@?Q;X'NKTVAU;PIJ^L'Q
M-G88RW]B8ZGQ!\AYQMRO )!\GU3]LG2]!\=_$7P!J?AO4KK6?AOX=76M7NK6
MU=1?ZGKOR:)_8N=WAS_ (2 MX8'B=@5
FTMM(#+O[6'?\O\P/T#HK\
M#_X

?:/&)\
-JWB#QU$?#
B?VM(O]K.=#C=M@;1AX=&P



M\=/A]^VS^T)\0_%_B6YT/PM^SWXL^&]GXD;P7X;NO _C/QGJ7C=]3;6ET$ZS

MX)5?&LQDC4(/O?2?^A7Q9\#W-SHO[0?@'X8^$O&$%[]FO/?PTUCQGXU;_B

MU_)[^T'_ 

!XVU#PRX!
M;7/&^@Z &_X1[).BL S
#O;?NX(^4--_X.BOVDM3\37.D3_LV?!70]&:YTJ


M%8_1_#3_ '/Q)_[

M 'QU^V?_ 
FX?%#_ + VG_\ I^T2O4?V??\ DB/PK_[$'PK_ .F4UY=^V?\

M5B5A





.-

ME4N

RFN64JC6KX2C*
U[KJ54[(^
Y+3_ (* ?$R[

MD7!]-O2R34JTIMM)+7F;[N]V?'%C;?M9^!5GN(/'F@?$;3[8#.D^*+3^S=2O

)5R!Q_R 58@


E*



M^$7BO7SX=TC2=&U#4]=\3^#_  EX$\0^(YM$UH+_ 
)([.WCG2?#BJZLOFCG







M92 &7*L591XMHW[%/P%\/V7QTK^P=9\56WQ0T32?WBRZ\?^+_&7CG4]2\-





M_A%_'_AWQ5N9F;PGXN/_  AZ


MVVE6WC#6;+PU:^/@Q0^




MUM6/7@[2I_R:_P T3QYK'AR\\!V_@[0]5\2?:/A?XPTL^#_$/BPD?\);X7_X





MT/\ X1\G_A'_ (=\]L\GUK\S_P#@G+^TMI?[.G@CX+_&CQ5/XMTWP?X\L_%
MUC2=)O/^*&L/BAH7]OZ#H6M:Y_T+_AWUYQZ9K7^/G_!Q!XA^(V@'PG\/;;2]


MXLTUM&;0FT37#DH= 4AF\%@%B-I)!S@^B:#X;\#Z/#I\$'AS1/L^@_\ (MZ3

8]OPYKTB+7O.)@\_\ TC_/Z]@/_K8H#^?_ /:6_97\







M0/'W)J;X_P![\'_%/[(GQV\13?M%?V=^T+=^ O OPD^-WP(^/'A'1M-^)WCI

U[P)^T1\ O@

M_P#

MO6-#\1ZKIOA*WM?#8\











;_

M$OA3_P!B%X4_]

M_3
:_&*/_)Z\V_[



M=O



^8)S7#3CPAP:I+FYN-.+(-0K17PM\(P3K6M*4:D
MH\KC)1M^OWPG^%GACX7^%-)\*^'-
MM


MSQVWFF  3'WSVY]





M+\#_ -F^#0E^
'C2U\(MXH_M











M?V]CKD.MZE]E\-_\*^O-)U;PWK.FZ9I^JGP7_;W_ !/.?^HYS_PB?_0 QVX_
MT?\ XLZE=Z;\*_B1KEC?'3M0TGP'XVO=/OC9-?\ ]GZAHNC:YC5ETG_EI\Z;
MV4






M._!.+[#X_P#&/VGQA]C_ .)/\
O=G_PDGQ,U[T_L/P/X?SXG_\ L]S7QOX

K$_LS?#_  1_PEFK'1O$GQQUX'!_XD8_Y%?P!]3_ 
)D
M0
@8!-?B/XJ_X**?L=_LTV$^E?#FQU+XH^-[H?;=8\0VG'V_4\_\AK7/''B#
M_BI_$'/?K]*_
_XS?\%8OVFOC!=:AX5^'/\ :7A+3[K_ $(^'O!%GK/UYUS_

MP>*O%%OJL_Q-\$VWBZT?^Q=8TGP]9^,M-%^3_R O[
M-C9^




M?_A'Z=OSKN+/X5_!S6)?L7V'PCK?VK-C]DN]'T;PW]OU3_#GK_*OK.&\DQF;
M9/D^-_UPXR/$Q/ &
_X6



MFS7OM']E:5X2N?LMZ/MMI:8_T _Y]NE?SQF7C9QAA/\ 8L;_ .^:?6Y;X2X/
M%X/Z[@N


W\RS1117NG.9C?ZE?HO\K:OST\._P#*
M0?QU_P!DQTO_ -,6@5^A;?ZE?HO\K:OST\._\I!_'7_9,=+_ /3%H%?C'B__
M !?#K_L[W'_ *16/T?PT_W/Q)_[

M4UY=^V?_ 
FX?%#_ + VG_\ I^T2O4?V??\ DB/PK_[$'PK_ .F4U^
4?^3[

M_$W_ (+-^-1H/[/W@+P1;X_XN1\4M(:\VG@:9X)TB3Q#(3C(R9CHY/./SIGP


?9#_;/7K^G]
M

M-UG6,SBT=/=6BMIT5E^'1'SDLBR?X-X/ Y-'GY7RR:5T[-KWG%M)M*]GLW
MY6^H?BUXD^)OAO6=8L?/\2Z;]E_Y^]8_M/\ 



MB/N

M^%&B:AXVN9;B&_UZ]&CC5+:S.I:C_9J


/(L_A+X?\ W%R?M=WJEZ?]
P?S




M$&?$_P /_$7&?^$I\)^







MV!VDL^P#75V@

W=N3;N[OL



Z6/L0NV.U;(]
$@
5&.^T_0\UY;/\



3R4D4G))SV/&0:](\/?

\-WGB/1_W\'^H
M/0C1]&_XF _/CZ5V%YK'B/6+#[#/I6B7.C\_\C#_ 

',7N=6M
M-9U/^W=

M;7PK'=Z-%K_B3PW)K$1\0Z3H\;-O\
MPZ!YA&Y3@9+
&.#_ #@Z#_P38_:*^.NB:2WB^T^+Z!;PW^D6H\/?\(4-!U('


M

M)%?:HK.SOH.A8?\ M_0&.CZYCQ*3MV^'O$BHRB+(L:I^U/X&TS5M6!T;Q]J6


M=90E_P C=1TO[KTM]WXO\#!9+FZNWE4[)VUTU[:I-WTVO?[-V['G7BSX3? C




MLOS27+S^[JW=63NVY/E::YDY/[3:E]JZ1I=OIUA;6
./(M+46BX/]WCK^AQP
M

M#J'7]&\=Z\H_MH$IEM \#:XY)/9%V%F)7BHOVT?A_P#\(=/X]OOOCW3/-M






O 7BBVO)O(\2^$/#.


M;XSPQ3?9RWPB^):B[P
V3'P=K:J^



 _@_P#&3Q/XD\)^(;/_ )#W_%%Z
M_H.,^(/^A3\1_P#%+G\:^P/@#X\\'?%KX!??_BE;;3?%'@/P&?A)F[O/[-U
M/^R_[%_XGN?^$?\ ^9=_X1S^P_\ BEO\17YS^#X;Z;P1\0/%4]CJ6B:QX7_9




MZHMU]LUGQGINEZ?I6=!)UD:Y_P ))\OB')T0X[DGN2:\3#9;];3W\MOQUOMM




3?ZIKNBZ!H.?[#'_%3_\

M%XDN^/[





MUO\ Y&?XP?\ 




/?A[_B6X_P)+_;VNYSQ
MQXC]?^@_7X__ !.O+[XD?\%'?A/X \.?:;G1_@W_ &599M/^078:I_8NOZ_K
MNLCKV_E[U^W'Q.TVQ^*G[/'B'1)_M/\ 9_CSX/\ BCP7K%W_ -P7]#_Q(SZ]


MUZPL_P!E#4-*@_LW[/I?CSQ19?:_^?#/]@?E^':OB_6)O.BN//G_ -'_ 
!S

S;@__ +)X^D?V:='GT;QYXXTK5;X:



M7U5^VO\ !^T^.W[


M@BOXH\;

GOD5W:^CM?33TM^

M*MQKEQ]G^T77AO5

?
MV;_Q2_\ Q(

MO7[9_P 11X#^IV_UPX-W_K^MC]*RSP3\2



/Q:^
M&7P]M?@_X.\?ZK_8=SXHL]4O=&M+JRUG^S;\?VS_ 
@7^W.1X?[GV]*^-]'_
M &Q_@%



M?AIM
T37 -$UO7%X ^(/BD





5!-;)Q24;

?UH _BE_X*1:GK



TMMY_C

9KP_P?#!-+;_\





M6\QD;0&




:LRAE$GH-P^8
M5\S_ +37ASX;? [P9KWB@1ZWJ4?Q$\=:;]C^&A^(?_#^!?''Q-UMEZKKFN






=9/B;Q;JVJW8
MEU#6]872(]#BDE0!-!VQZ-$JE8SC(S(% #)\%?MS01:=X_\  
\.#!=^&O%5
ME=W5UGOK'A_72



=?'_$T1Y(55#$E2JNGZ'VXRH7_8)_,DU^9?_  33N;'2_A1\1_=G -.

XM:+?GN]]6W=MMF[1117[&?&'C'QXLH;SX)?%^RN(1=07?

H_TU#X-UK

M-'UG-AI?^?\ F5?PKYO


M5\26VGZ#H^E_;+NT.C_VGH.J:%HG_(:T/_A(/\\UXF)Q.#RD]S)
MSC-O^9/


A_)/^S?^T?XKF_X*8?L[G7/I\ :A_PN'[%_PA/V+CPEIGCK



MTO6/_B-==LA:W97QS8:5X)T/7737-UO &/WB ZP(&&4J1QBOZ9O&%Y^W

M9]2R7)]/]3=_(









GBCQ5KG

MG^W+[QAXM\27'_'[_P 2GPWXR_LSC6L_\R__ -QSM_S'^W 'X3_K_P 883.

W_CC5;'0[FY\












*_]*9_&^9_[]FO^)_^
MDLN4445[I@9C?ZE?HO\ *VK\]/#O_*0?QU_V3'2__3%H%?H6W^I7Z+_*VK\]

]

M_P#I^T2O4?V??^2(_O_ +$'PK_Z937EW[9__)N'Q0_[ VG_ /I^T2O4?V??
M^2(_O\ [$'PK_Z937XQ1_Y/MG'_ &9[A+_ULJI^C5?^3/9/_P!G@XN_]8OA
M$]THHHK]G/SD**** /B_]M'XS:S^SE^S5\8OCMH/A&\\9W_P]\.KXB70H]5C

M'B?6!XFN[S2K





7=Y








M/6KRTM+S6=-\


NT\3_$70;QM9U/3/ XT/P5_8+:UCP^!_;^SPZ #GP@6)P3U&

MM?\ 
H]QH?BC'YYK^*?#?BSAWB'.'Q1PQG%\CX@XQXR;:MM+9NSLFV]K[W6Z
M/]%\10P7B)PWE&#XFR=_\:]X/X/X

MS_XN#X@\_P#Y_-4R#]
\_P?:OS7GUB&ZMY_P#2OL__ %YY_0CM^?//6OU



-ALX_P!9
M
GQN-/I

M4KB%FTO5!K-@5*_V;JH4.ONKX)! Z')Y S7SWX$U[0_!7A'Q!XC\1SVUK;W1
MK-^5XZZ^=



M)U'QIKGA@#_D

7)*7


/I+8S$WP7#'!U.


9_\ EUMM
\(ZNKMP



ZEGZD G(]!^E9&CZ#\



M[.W_ !F



KN]M]+O?=]GV9^YNA?\%Q_ 1DQXA_9\\9Z=#CKI?BW
M1M4Z\= Z'!Z]@?UKWOPK_P %D?V2M8AQJI^)'A&X'_+KJO@/^T3Z=- SUYZG
MCIS7\U\/AOX.3?ZCXJ:V+?[9_P O?PVQ_P 2LG_B1_\ 

9G'!G$&M]DOR5OP/


E9U'*I*52HWS3;

M^J7_ ()ISV%UX)^


=QX^]\W&

MQ;JGB7QCXRTO2=8U+QIH6JZX203H6@*YU\YXWJ

M(=
\_P#LW7M'TW6-*:YMC9

M-\*N#

E?1RA=VNTFWH]+'\%_27\/^

ME#I9+Q#5=;A*=HR52G%4TW=646U'5-.4%9\S31Z)1117[\?@AY5\;K47_P (


CZSIOV#5-='I_GWK\9_BU##K%K\-O^)5K?

7QU\



=.
YZBOV_TWXM?#+7M4T?0]5\5?\(EX@NO]!/_  F]






M_PP[H?B _\ 





M\6LRR?-L9G&-P7_1&G-EN6YQA.).#_\ N\CY/T;QY/INEV_A7QQ8W/C;P/:_







2'_A-/ ^AG_D8.G_(K'_BM/7%?
MB?\ %O\ :$T.R\.6_P *]#\57/\ PJ__ (3#5/&FCW9XU3QYC_D!?VYDCV[?

_P -#_ZFOQ'T



M1[^N?UK^

L/R]?\\X%?H1

\N!Z#G^?Y=*_/G_@F1XWU/XC_ +%OP?\ &6K7W]I:AKW_


M'\=?]DQTO_TQ:!7Z%M_J5^B_RMJ_/3P[_P I!_'7_9
=+_\ 3%H%?C'B_P#Q

M7[.?G 4444 ?'/[9_P#R;C\3O^P/I_\ Z?=&KU/]GS_DB7PI_PQ\*?^F8U

MM!:EK

M=]JY_97^ MQI_'7XGZZNH^WS-X: &?YGUK]!_$_[:'@71=


M^)T56A\-^8[RLXW##*YQ/C;^T%XD\$_$3P1\&/A5X*T/Q;\2_'7ASQ'XS)\4

MC$HZ6:XTJ2E?56=Z:CKI;6]T]['FX7Q=\;88I8.IG_%TY.
I?\9=Q=Q?!)))

MQA=%#*NW0


/!TGA]

R+(OG1Q--7LOVU?@9JFI_#'2]*\1:KKVI?%;P^/$




_NGTH(US]W']J1MSZ=,#_PN


M=KI^F^




[S&.#H6M?IUZ^_:OZT?V(?VD/AE
MXM^/?Q5_9\^'D#3MX1\

/#9!
M&]UVJ[*?YM?VI_!4WP^_;
._\ B?\ ;_L.=?Y
MU\CXM\-X/_B%?!^,R7)_]7K-K1W3[VZ6NFKKYWT/W?Z$N*XDX?\ %7C#@WB=
M_PKV=SX*@U%Q2DM+KFZZQDG:3;3NDHV:9%\-_EY?\ D0?&'P ;?[8?]+N_
M[8TTG_F.X&<#\<=C[=]H6CZ5X;T.^LK'XL_ S4X+8'6
ZKX=_X234;W4\?V
M'G1M:+!3D@ 




+?3#JG[)WB/CF[U6\)U.^_[C0+ G/H&/858TN?_A';HPD?LK^(KC6V



=.H-9D/[Z6&
MSGU3]F#3C_Q+-8L]4S_:/W3H7_(:!*X+9 'AC(!&T[N :X'7/A)\8M0OO[4G



\3-\+KV+2;GQ#_P )O\
+FP U
_9;7Q8XU&__ +#_ .8(-'*[#WR





M!H]K;G[#J5S]DL_]#M;2SUG4O^)ITZ_GZ^IZ5_:U\3?^2=?$;_L0?%/_ *9=

?


9^O?\ IDUW
/A6


;Z:[^W:KKGVG_GSM
M+2\Z:7_GGZ=*[#3=-@TW1KB?2K;[1]C^Q?:_P#F)_CG_F8C]/TXKN--_P)

M..WUYKG \GU/P3?:#=6_CC2K[4K;6+7_ )BOA_\ XIO4[#_L!_I_7K70?&;]

^&_C?\ MSQ'\'=2^




ML::]?Z/]A^*FF^&[?0?[5LOM?C?PWXR_M/\ XGO'I_R+O'\Z\W^+7[9GP!FB
MUC2OOQWMM2U#7K/^Q?M?A/X5_\ ;:9KVED]?\ BH/$G_(Q9Z^*3VKIPV=Y



^G:H)_MVMZC]J



M*%Y:6EW:[38;OB?X]&





M/AC*


M[%H*ZYXO\:#_ (2-OG$FA18B\*M&%C+L'.T(WIVJ_P#!0_PO#X2^
GCC1?!N

2P((P

M)/\ @H''H?B;QKI5Y\)O$MQX;^'?Q$^&G@#Q;XIMO$6C V6I?%/2?#O]BG1=



M?C;2-4\0^_%?@7729]7T761H3Q^(P4U[!602JP
3]YC7RQX7_;M\1:%X7^


7QUIUW!_PEVBZ=IG







MD1?OA9HO/E LS


MS)XA\.^#-9\&_!;XFZY\7KZVFN5T?Q#?_%3PUX+\&:U)HACT=HU\3^!-?60O




M #SZ


MV01Z^Y

&P:/X3ATZYU :QI=\PU2[:
MQT\:?&3OY4

M*:Y[/HX\_
U:RU336FJ/CJ^\P7/A?P?X5N-6O\ /@_P?I7@RTNTM5)O_PP
M@ 

M\O/S2YW%17

-3L/V
Y_V@+#]I_^



M

M+'9-Q;!R5DKQ3:L[JUTU=/5-)-7=I+KX-^R7XO\ V9_V(]*\7Z-X)U[X=ZIX





M1\











/QG'73_ _X^+Y/_F=%?EW_$)?V@G_ $27
MC%_YJ1Z6&^E7XDX3;Q(_%'QW^Q7\.-$_8EM_'T/@UKOQYK'Q$UG3M9U?Q#XI


X7:2


M2U-UQ8 ZSH[Z
%D()P/GY3I\S#!5J_EJU/\ X(7_ +2

M
+2ZMH]5URR!U
C((
7AEL@@Y!S@CIQ7FYCT^7Z ?SI?&;Q)KGQ(T'Q!X.\_





ML.&(UC_A&=[8[;5).5(!R
PZG_P2



M:=#Y']B[?#1* @YRV 
_7!Z?9\__!&[]IF6_P#/@\5?!*V_T/ N

M^@Y_PC8/U]#].3^PN)/Z:
/K.3^?X'YH:]\$_P!FSQ)HW]E:K\%OAO;6_KI.
MC_\ -ZG_P#SP_Z_GUKQ_6/V4?V-(;7_0?@[X;T3_ERO+SP]XPUG3?^)4!_


M-'T;4M3Y]O$&


;SXS:'9G4/MVN:;IM


MKE_P2C@\K]A_X



M=?\ 9
=+_P#3%H%?H6W^I7Z+_*VK\]/#O_*0?QU_V3'2_P#TQ:!7XQXO_P 7


M!'Q:_8M\#_%3QEXE\80^+OB?\.]2^(.D:1X9^(]K\/O&(\-Z;XYT[0T*:(/&




+XCCS'XI&E[MK^81_K 20@%B]_;O






MEOVG_P!J/6M._9\\
)IW@KP+X^^*'Q4^)GPXU3Q%XU\*MJNEW^D^!] &MZ!X
MV7P7X=\3 Z+KTBJ7'AB3QB^]B[;BI4+-?B+A#
\3F^
QV4R:C:+E9N\E%:MI




M-I_[4

M?['E/\ R(;0BGIK9.RM+WFUZNFO=NHNRM\GG6-XYX?QD?KF;?\CWA;G3CR


H'\3$8P20?
M@C3/V4OC7IGCCPUJ+Z39G1OAO\??#FA?#Y+.[ _X1;X':$/BOX^&N!1T9/$/
MC32/VW&0-$'& *^#XKSKB_8M+)


@K(!G!;D &DB^)WP]EM-7O
MK?QQX0N+#0;C['K-ROB/2&L-D_=UMV=5T0@9&)-O9B2



(<9WLN=)<J5Z2NW=MW564HV6BIRC*R

M!K\A1O\ A(#@2&
K_=5E&PL_9I\$?$N;]H;]HKXG^/?AS??#CP_\2-+^#4/@
MZTU35]$U75-1_P$TO6=(ULZP=!9HU8!AL#;@RLNT8/'YW:#^RK^T#9:7IO
MARS^#/Q6M?'R?'G4O&.C>+==^*G@^]^5CI9^) UT:SKOPPC\4;WE_X1K+1N
MG@]'3QCMV
N:GS?O
MU-XP\

MGXX\$7VL:AH47B[PS=:_I*K_ &MH%KXCTB35=/PO_


M*UQ'%?$B:P2X2NW9-WE97O?71Z66UXOF5KZG-A?#SA_%8.4_];N$X\J;C%RB



MH%Y*D;?6G;$&??\ DIY_2OT.E&Z2]%]Z7Y'Y7B*'U;%?54[K6S6NE[)JSLTU





M[C:7&$:6JUY7.-X)'[6+J-C-C=.
C@$$]\\#..V1C\*:+RRMS&UQ.H!Y7G&2
M!CG@=3^O3V_GR^(WQ1UWQ5\0?$EI=C3M-EM?VH_V&;[^U?#]G_PCFI:\WC7P



Y6?QQI^T2BHQO)2M;FER)6
MUDFXI_OI#*LO
4D&!G)VX_\ K?ACI]*GX8?\NY]^F/IQ_C_*OP8^$?[0GQNU




:7



M8_T#2W^-.M-KFC ]5_#A/ W  !# G.!7#F7'4,%CG@_[(G).%W
[?\E4OW
M7NQT5WI+5J5ELK7TX;\)


'IC/
OE6MN&:V6-7C!
M#



B7]I:^']:OBFH[-OR,D98DD#@G(+<,%Z?SIF/$G#GGC9G6
XESGA3(%_

_\



M&@VFD1Z?IN@ZD!DOHZ# 7=\V

M/KGG\ O_  WI^SOW\1ZD1[^'=8_^-_U_PI/Q.\(;?6_[=X/NFWSWA*3UO9OD

MI]G&@?##PKIY@\'^(OA^&M[-(_L?@3Q#K8US7_!JA\'^P?$FNHTTD7EC=@!1

MZ?$OA4HN%!/_  E^, &5B5!)1O4#^WK^SM$,?\ 1:R1CI_PCNLC/7 _P!4




MLI+EG+


M/A=X)@\?'5O[9;Q#_ &)_Q
_[5S@Z


1@

'_/
M)O\ OVM?&?\ PWC^SG_T
VL?^$IKG_QNC_AO']G/_H9M8_\ 4US_P-T?\
M$8/K_HL^%/_  =_]J'_ !_Q

'_/)


M*O\ HL^%/_!W_P!J'_$+_$S_ *(OC#_Q%ZO_ 
@?9GF#_GDW_?M:/
'_ #R;




_Z(SC#_P 16?Z4S[3\P_W)O^^4


M .)J/^(O^%O_ $6_!_\ XEE+_P2'_Q[Q
_Z(KB[_Q$Y_\ RL^P?LQ_N2_D


_Z(OC#_Q%ZO\ \@?9GF#_ )Y-

)3
M7/\ XW1_Q&#PJ_Z+/A3_ 


_Z(OC#_Q%ZO\ \@?9GF#_ )Y-_P!^

MS:Q_X2FN?_&Z?_$8/K_ *+/A3_P=^?NA_Q[Q

M'^RM^SGXSUV]\4^)_@E\

N1C;MS
MU)R05&WKO[/_P %_%U]8WWB_P&G@3Q3J&EZ6='TJZ\0^'-&U/4;#2VY;1U



M:MHWPV\
:!X;U+PUI&@VOPW\'^(M.T2PUQ6W:SX).NJGB'P'XC5=7PZHS(

[\+PUXNX/&+&X+).
_[

M_$-M_:-A?Z7H&CI$C:S&X96S_8RY)!57
8*MO&+

M?AS:BR\#7EUHVE-J?A

M8\3:KJ'B3Q!H-QX;TJ32]0\3R[6?6CHY0HVN




EZMK'[.GP.UW2O#6A^(?A+\.]8T#P=:_
M8_6EW?@W1SIOA33@J\:$CH?[!4J.?*\+A2&QZ_8:39:3!;66GVUO8V]K:
MUM;2TM



7P?QG97M%T:M[N]VESW3=W=V3;;;N[W^U?
'_ #R;_OVM'F#_

/^(7^)G_ $1?&'_B+U?_ ) ^S/


'


M_19\*?\ @[_[4/\ B%_B9_T1?&'_ (B]7_Y ^S/





ME*



M]A=1[;JUNK%+^PND/.T@DKM! .WE1_=S@CBF^$/PT:3_ )$7PL#UROAO1UY_


PQ6'36%S1J_\LI1O\X2CK;KY
M&[_PJ+X=_P#0D^$?_3T?_XFC_A47P[_ .A)\(_^$GH__P 36'_PT#\ _P#H
MN'PG_P#^\'_ /QRC_AH'X!_]%P^$_\ X7W@_P#^.5GS\!_]4=_YIO\ D;_V
MKF?_ $

)/1_\ XFC_ (5%
M\._^A)\(_P#A)Z/_ /$UA_\ #0/P#_Z+A\)__^\'_\ QRC_ (:!^ ?_ $7#
MX3_^%]X/_P#CE'/P'_U1W_FF_P0?VKF?_0SE]\__EIN?\*B^'?_ $)/A'_P

MW_I/AW_ -/X/\ _2T?_XFC_A4GP[_ .A'\'_^$EH__P 36!_PT%\!/^BW
M?C_ 
+[P;_\=H_X:^ G_1;OA1_X7W@W_X[2YN ^W!O_FF_Y&/]K9C_ -#3
M_P FJ?\ R\W_ /A47PY_Z$CPC_X26D?XT?\ HOAS_T)'A'_ 
)+2/\ &L'_
M (:^ 7_ $6WX4_^' \&_P#Q='_#07P_PBV_G_P .!X-_^+KHY^!._!OW





TW_(/[5S/_





+[P?\ _'*.?@/_ *H[
M_P TW_(/[5S/_H9R^^?_ 

M 

M _ /_HN'PG_\+[P?_P#'*.?@/_JCO_--_P @_M7
_P#H9R^^?_RTW/\ A47P
M[_Z$GPC_ .$GH_\ \31_PJ+X=_\ 0D^$?_3T?\ ^)K#_P&@?@'_P!%P^$_




C__ !-'_HOAW_T)/A'_P )/1__

MX=_]/X/_P#2T?_ .)K _X:^ G_1;OA1_X7W@W_P.T?\ #07P$_Z+=\*/





M)\(_^$GH_P#\36'_ 


Y??/_P6FY_PJ+X=_P#0D^$?_3T


M 

M'_PD]'_^)K#_ .&@?@'_ -%P^$__ (7W@_\ ^.4?\- _ /\ Z+A\)_\ POO!





M 
)YX-Q_Z
S33^T7\ S_ 















M '[C_GSL_P#OP/\ &C]Q_P ^=G_WX'^-%%'-+N_Z^0!^X_Y\[/\ [\#_ !H_

M[_KY '[C_GSL_P#OP/\ &C]Q_P ^=G_WX'^-%%'-+N_Z^0!^X_Y\[/\ [\#_










)//\ FE]X'__9
end


















        


        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        



      




          


          




      


      


      

    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    

296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;286
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;798
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;449
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(59
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(100
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;870
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;634



524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Manufacturing Equipment and customer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
573
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
521
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
609
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
557
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
331
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
787
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
278
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
769
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment not yet placed in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;644
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;636
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
922
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
406

385 and $586
237 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Depreciation expense in Cost of Goods Sold&#13;was $18
938 and $65
366 for the years ended December 31


 2020
 intangible assets consist&#13;of patent costs of $768
138
 trademarks of $119
911 and accumulated amortization of $457

 2019
 intangible assets consist&#13;of patent costs of $764
891
 trademarks of $108
632 and accumulated amortization of $394

 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated through the&#13;expiration date of the patent
 which is December 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent costs was $63
813&#13;and $63
610 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

 2020

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;310


 members of management&#13;and directors invested in company&amp;#8217;s convertible notes; and in Note 10


 2018 to December 31

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
325
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss from change in value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
114
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;For the period ended December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211

 2019 to December 31

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Extinguishment change in derivative from conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Extinguishment change in derivative from extension&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Initial derivative value &amp;#8211; March 20
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net gain from change in value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(156
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;For the period ended December 31
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41


 2019 and December 31

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41


 2020

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
422&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;52
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;310



524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Manufacturing Equipment and customer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
573
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
521
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
609
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
557
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
331
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
787
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
278
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
769
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment not yet placed in service&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;644
312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;636
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net of depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
922
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
406


296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;286
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;798
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;449
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory reserve&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(59
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(100
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;870
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;634

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    


    

    

    
    

    
    
    

131 loan under the&#13;PPP administered by a Small Business Administration (SBA) approved partner. The loan
 which matures in two years
 is uncollateralized&#13;and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting&#13;certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan&#13;obligation by the SBA. No forgiveness income has been recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020. The Company will be required to repay&#13;any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Barfresh Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc. (formerly known as&#13;Smoothie

    

000 federally insured limit at December 31
 2020 and 2019. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250


 2020
 the Company had $142
382 and&#13;$91
385
 respectively


&#13;2020
 and 2019
 the company&amp;#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $133
424 and $141
788 respectively. There was $133
424 of bad&#13;debt expense recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020 and $89
397 of bad debt expense for the year ended December 31


 2020 and 2019
 the Company&amp;#8217;s inventory reserve was&#13;$59
093 and $100


 net of&#13;amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of&#13;filing the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 350&amp;#8221;)
 the costs&#13;of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated&#13;with the acquisition of patents from third parties




 Plant

 plant
 and equipment is stated at cost less&#13;accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss


 operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease&#13;payments over the lease term. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a lessee


 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers

 (ii) the contract has commercial substance and
 (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company
 the contract is the approved sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;2)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Identify the performance obligation in the contract&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. For the Company
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages
 which provide immediate benefit to the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;3)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Determine the transaction price&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration
 which typically includes volume-based rebates or discounts

&#13;    delivery of frozen beverages
 the transaction price is allocated to that single performance obligation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;5)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recognize Revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of frozen&#13;    beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the goods
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer&#13;    warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale&#13;    is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfillment costs and presented in distribution



145 and $538
391
 in research and development expenses&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;). Under this method

 measure
 present
 and disclose in their financial statements
 uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken&#13;on a tax return. Under ASC 740

 based on the weight of evidence



&#13;options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives&#13;to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815
 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging.&amp;#8221; The result of this accounting treatment is&#13;that the fair value of any derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair&#13;value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as gain/loss from derivative liability.&#13;Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair&#13;value is reclassified to equity. We analyzed the derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815. The objective is to provide&#13;guidance for determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s own stock. This determination is&#13;needed for a scope exception which would enable a derivative instrument to be accounted for under the accrual method. The classification&#13;of a non-derivative instrument that falls within the scope of ASC 815-40-05 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed&#13;to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&amp;#8217;s Own Stock&amp;#8221; also hinges on whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;own stock. A non-derivative instrument that is not indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s own stock cannot be classified as equity and must be accounted&#13;for as a liability. There is a two-step approach in determining whether an instrument or embedded feature is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;own stock. First
 the instrument&amp;#8217;s contingent exercise provisions
 if any
 must be evaluated
 followed by an evaluation of the instrument&amp;#8217;s&#13;settlement provisions. The Company utilized the fair value standard set forth by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 defined as&#13;the amount at which the assets (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing&#13;parties
 that is


 &lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding&#13;for the period in the denominator. At December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 reducing total General and Administrative Expense in 2020 by $2
470
590 or 36%
 as compared with 2019. In January 2021
 the company secured $568


 2023. We incurred lease expense of $82
194 and $92
608 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
&#13;respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 our right of use asset and related liability was $147
947 and $159
177



021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;178
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: imputed interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(19
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159

 various&#13;lawsuits and legal proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties&#13;and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently the defendant&#13;in one legal proceeding for an amount less than $100



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Convertible Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;168
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
071
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
139



021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;178
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: imputed interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(19
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159

    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    




    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020 and 2020


011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;562
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;297


641
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;739

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders' election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 937

    

 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders' election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 678
864 warrants issued


 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor's investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month Price


 the principal conversion price will be automatically reduced to the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.35 per Share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each purchaser
 based on such purchaser's investment
 (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of Shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of Shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the $0.50 per share and (b) warrants in a quantity that equals fifty percent (50%) of the difference between the number of shares issued to such Purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the $0.50 per share
 with an exercise price that equals the sum of $0.10 per share and the $0.50 per share

    

 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor's investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month Price

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(937
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
488
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(950
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
426
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;950
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
426





000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;63
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;345
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
840
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
324
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
987
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
061
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
464
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
315
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
391



011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;562
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;297


641
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;739

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

 2020 and 2019
 shipping and handling costs totaled $ 488
465 and $751
237


 2020. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent


 which matures in five years
 at an interest rate of 1%
 and is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The deferral period is 24 weeks plus 10 months from the loan note date. The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan obligation by the SBA. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent

    

201 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were converted to common stock on March 20
 2020. The loss on extinguishment of debt of $58
001 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were extended by either 24 months for CN I

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2021
 the&#13;Company was granted a $568
131 loan under the PPP administered by a Small Business Administration (SBA) approved partner. The loan
 which&#13;matures in five years
 at an interest rate of 1%
 and is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The deferral&#13;period is 24 weeks plus 10 months from the loan note date. The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon&#13;meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from&#13;the loan obligation by the SBA. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(937
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
488
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(950
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
426
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;950
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
426



345
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
395
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
345
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
395

 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence
 both positive and negative
 management has determined that&#13;a $11
345
000 and $10
395
000 allowance at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to&#13;the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The increase in the valuation allowance for the current period is $950

 2020
 we have a net operating loss&#13;carry forward of approximately $40
664
400. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;63
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;345
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
840
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
324
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
987
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
061
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
464
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
315
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
391

404
600 and $4
464



345
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
395
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
345
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
395



020
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$ 0.50 - $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
465
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants issued in connection with settlement of deferred compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
169



020
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$ 0.50 - $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants issued in connection with private placement of notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
465
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants issued in connection with settlement of deferred compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
169



 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
428
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.40 - .87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
156
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.45 - .73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
387
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
197
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.40 - .87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
069
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.34 - .44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cancelled/Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(625
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding December 31
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
640
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.34 - .87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
667


850
 in&#13;the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model

650
 in&#13;the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model


 Convertible Notes
 the Company&#13;issued Series CN Note acceleration offer convertible notes payable that provide variable conversion provisions. The conversion terms of&#13;the convertible notes are variable based on certain factors
 such as the future price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. The number&#13;of shares of common stock to be issued is based on the future price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock

 2019 with a value of $211
028
 which resulted in a gain of $1
114

 there was a portion of the&#13;CN1 and CN2 notes that was not modified. The Company continued to revalue the derivative liability for each reporting period in 2020.&#13;At December 31
 2020
 there was no value as the Company settled the derivative liability through repayment of the outstanding principal&#13;upon maturity. On March 20
 2020
 the Company determined the fair value of the derivative liability related to CN1 and CN2 notes that&#13;were converted and extended. The derivative liability values of $23
100 (CN converted) and $3


000 of CN2 notes that were extended to November 2021
 the Company valued the derivative liability as of March 20
 2020. As of&#13;March 20
 2020
 the initial value of the derivative liability was $13




 2018 to December 31

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
325
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss from change in value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
114
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;For the period ended December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211

 2019 to December 31

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Extinguishment change in derivative from conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Extinguishment change in derivative from extension&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Initial derivative value &amp;#8211; March 20
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net gain from change in value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(156
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;For the period ended December 31
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41

 2019 and December 31

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41







 we closed an offering of $2
527
500&#13;in convertible notes
 Series CN Note 1 of 2
 of which
 management
 directors and significant shareholders have invested $840
000. The&#13;convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on March 14
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to&#13;the due date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88 per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over&#13;the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&amp;#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per&#13;share. In addition
 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of&#13;the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&amp;#8217;&#13;election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 1
331
583 warrants issued

 $0.17 per share ($220
548&#13;in the aggregate)


 we offered investors in our March 2018&#13;Convertible Note (&amp;#8220;Series CN Notes&amp;#8221;) the opportunity to accelerate the issuance of certain warrants associated with the CN&#13;Notes. Pursuant to the acceleration offer
 Series CN Notes investors who invested an additional 10% to 20% of the Series CN Note amount
&#13;immediately received an additional 25% warrant coverage on their initial CN Note investment
 which would otherwise have been issued after&#13;one year. During April 2018
 we closed the CN Note acceleration offer in the amount of $177
300 in convertible notes
 of which
 management
&#13;directors and significant shareholders have invested $30
000. The CN Note acceleration offer convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum&#13;and are due and payable on March 14
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due date into our common stock at conversion&#13;price of $0.88 per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately&#13;preceding the date of note holders&amp;#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In addition
 the interest is convertible&#13;at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over&#13;the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&amp;#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per&#13;share. There were 937

 $0.25 per share ($235
519&#13;in the aggregate)


 an investor elected to exercise I-Warrants&#13;by using part of the investor&amp;#8217;s convertible note. The total debt settled was $350
634 of principal and $33

 2020
 we completed a Private Placement&#13;offering of $3
825
000 of common stock. In connection with the transaction
 the Company offered the Convertible Noteholders of Series&#13;CN Note 1 and 2 to participate in the equity offering. A total of $720
000 principal balance of Series CN 1 was converted into common&#13;stock [$630
000 from related parties]. The Series CN Note 1 Noteholders were offered bonus interest equivalent to 20% of their outstanding&#13;principal which was converted to common stock. For $1
071
000 of the remaining $1
186
167 Series CN Note 1 Noteholders that chose not&#13;to participate in the equity offering
 the terms of the Series CN Note 1 were amended to increase the interest rate to 15% per annum and&#13;to extend the maturity of the outstanding principal balance by 24 months to March 20
 2022. The notes are convertible at any time prior&#13;to the maturity into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. If the six month price is less than the $0.50 per share
&#13;the principal conversion price will be automatically reduced to the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.35 per Share
 in which&#13;case the Company shall issue to each purchaser
 based on such purchaser&amp;#8217;s investment
 (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference&#13;between the number of Shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of Shares that would have been issued to such purchaser&#13;at closing at the $0.50 per share and (b) warrants in a quantity that equals fifty percent (50%) of the difference between the number&#13;of shares issued to such Purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the&#13;$0.50 per share
 with an exercise price that equals the sum of $0.10 per share and the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.45&#13;per share. The exercise price per share for the Convertible Note Warrants and the Bonus Warrant issued at closing will automatically adjust&#13;as well to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share. There were 864

 2020
 1
082
727 of the original L Warrants&#13;related to the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders had their terms modified
 whereby the exercise price was reduced from $0.70 to $0.50 per share.&#13;In addition
 the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders that chose to extend their notes for 24 months were granted 1
071
000 Series P warrants.&#13;The fair value of the warrants
 ($92
266 in the aggregate which consists of the L and P Warrants)

 we recorded a debt&#13;discount of $75
184 related to the issue of P Warrants to CN 1 and CN 2 Noteholders. The modification of the L Warrants resulted in an&#13;incremental increase in fair value of $17
082

 2020 and December 31

181
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
704
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (warrant value)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(325
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (derivative value) (Note 8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(638
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (issuance costs paid)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(27
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Note repayments/conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(110
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(803
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Add: Debt discount amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;898
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
010
904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
808

 we closed an offering of $1
363
200&#13;in convertible notes
 Series CN 2 of 2
 of which
 management
 directors and significant shareholders have invested $560
000. The convertible&#13;notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on November 30
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due&#13;date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88 per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty&#13;consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&amp;#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In&#13;addition
 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average&#13;closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&amp;#8217; election;&#13;but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 678
864 warrants issued

 $0.31 per share ($212
763&#13;in the aggregate)


 2020
 a total of $1
128
000 principal&#13;balance of Series CN Note 2 was converted into common stock [$560
000 from related parties]. The Noteholders were offered bonus interest&#13;equivalent to 20% of their outstanding principal and converted their accrued interest into common stock. For $168
000 of the remaining&#13;$235
200 Series CN Note 2 Noteholders that chose not to participate in the equity offering
 the terms of the Series CN Note 2 were amended&#13;to extend the maturity of the outstanding principal balance by 12 months to November 30
 2021. The notes are convertible at any time prior&#13;to the maturity into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.60 per share. There were 1
501

 ($4
279&#13;prior to modification
 and $6
096 post modification)


 2020 and December 31

200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
363
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (warrant value)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(212
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (derivative value) (Note 8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(13
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(697
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (issuance costs paid)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Note repayments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Add: Debt discount amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;502
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;938

&#13;2020
 net of discount
 equals $1
167
042 which is presented on the consolidated balance sheet as
 $158
243 Convertible Note
 net of discount
&#13;Current Liabilities
 $197
804 Convertible Note
 Related Party
 Net of Discount
 Long-Term Liabilities and $810
995 Convertible Note
 Net&#13;of Discount
 Long-term Liabilities. The total of $2
740
561 shown in the two tables above at December 31
 2019
 are presented in the balance&#13;sheet as Long-Term Liabilities: Convertible Note &amp;#8211; related party net of discount
 of $1
181
942
 Convertible Note &amp;#8211; net of&#13;Discount of $1
407
877
 and Current Liabilities: Convertible Note &amp;#8211; net of Discount $150


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Convertible Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;168
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
071
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
139

 2020
 the Company and the Holders of&#13;the Series CN Note 1 and Note 2 mutually agreed to amend its terms to change the maturity date to March 20
 2022 and November 30
 2021
&#13;respectively. The Company accounted for the modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 Modifications and Extinguishments
 which states&#13;that for all extinguishments of debt
 the difference between the reacquisition price (including any premium) and the net carrying amount&#13;of the debt being extinguished (including any deferred debt issuance costs) should be recognized as a gain or loss when the debt is extinguished.&#13;Accordingly
 the Company recorded a net gain on extinguishment of debt of $379
200 which was comprised of a gain of $437
201
 offset by&#13;a loss of $58
001. The gain of $437
201 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were converted to common stock on March 20
 2020.&#13;The loss on extinguishment of debt of $58
001 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were extended by either 24 months for CN&#13;I


 2020 and December 31

181
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
704
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (warrant value)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(325
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (derivative value) (Note 8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(638
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (issuance costs paid)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(27
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Note repayments/conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(110
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(803
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Add: Debt discount amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;898
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
010
904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
808

 2020 and December 31

200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
363
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (warrant value)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(212
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (derivative value) (Note 8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(13
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(697
186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Debt discount (issuance costs paid)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Note repayments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(67
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Add: Debt discount amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;502
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;938


 $0.17 per share ($220
548&#13;in the aggregate)

 $0.25 per share ($235
519&#13;in the aggregate)

 ($92
266 in the aggregate&#13;which consists of the L and P Warrants)

 $0.31 per share ($212
763&#13;in the aggregate)

 ($4
279&#13;prior to modification
 and $6
096 post modification)


 (&amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221;&#13;&amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; and the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the State of Delaware. We are engaged in the&#13;manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies

 Barfresh Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc. (formerly known as&#13;Smoothie

000 federally insured limit at December 31
 2020 and 2019. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250

 2020
 the Company had $142
382 and&#13;$91
385
 respectively

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 820&amp;#8221;)
&#13;provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required about fair value measurements.&#13;Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques



 accounts&#13;receivable
 accounts payable
 advanced payments
 derivative liabilities
 convertible notes
 restricted cash
 and PPP loan payable. The&#13;carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value

&#13;2020
 and 2019
 the company&amp;#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $133
424 and $141
788 respectively. There was $133
424 of bad&#13;debt expense recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020 and $89
397 of bad debt expense for the year ended December 31

 2020 and 2019
 the Company&amp;#8217;s inventory reserve was&#13;$59
093 and $100

 net of&#13;amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of&#13;filing the patent application. In accordance with ASC Topic 350 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 350&amp;#8221;)
 the costs&#13;of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated&#13;with the acquisition of patents from third parties


 Plant

 plant
 and equipment is stated at cost less&#13;accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss

 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers

 (ii) the contract has commercial substance and
 (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company
 the contract is the approved sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;2)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Identify the performance obligation in the contract&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. For the Company
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages
 which provide immediate benefit to the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;3)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Determine the transaction price&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration
 which typically includes volume-based rebates or discounts

&#13;    delivery of frozen beverages
 the transaction price is allocated to that single performance obligation.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;5)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recognize Revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;    &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of frozen&#13;    beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the goods
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer&#13;    warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale&#13;    is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfillment costs and presented in distribution


145 and $538
391
 in research and development expenses&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

 2020 and 2019
 shipping and handling costs totaled $488
465 and $751
237

 operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease&#13;payments over the lease term. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a lessee

 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;). Under this method

 measure
 present
 and disclose in their financial statements
 uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken&#13;on a tax return. Under ASC 740

 based on the weight of evidence


&#13;options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives&#13;to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815
 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging.&amp;#8221; The result of this accounting treatment is&#13;that the fair value of any derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair&#13;value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as gain/loss from derivative liability.&#13;Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair&#13;value is reclassified to equity. We analyzed the derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815. The objective is to provide&#13;guidance for determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s own stock. This determination is&#13;needed for a scope exception which would enable a derivative instrument to be accounted for under the accrual method. The classification&#13;of a non-derivative instrument that falls within the scope of ASC 815-40-05 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed&#13;to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&amp;#8217;s Own Stock&amp;#8221; also hinges on whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;own stock. A non-derivative instrument that is not indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s own stock cannot be classified as equity and must be accounted&#13;for as a liability. There is a two-step approach in determining whether an instrument or embedded feature is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;own stock. First
 the instrument&amp;#8217;s contingent exercise provisions
 if any
 must be evaluated
 followed by an evaluation of the instrument&amp;#8217;s&#13;settlement provisions. The Company utilized the fair value standard set forth by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 defined as&#13;the amount at which the assets (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing&#13;parties
 that is

 &lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding&#13;for the period in the denominator. At December 31




 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASC 820&amp;#8221;)
&#13;provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required about fair value measurements.&#13;Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques



 accounts&#13;receivable
 accounts payable
 advanced payments
 derivative liabilities
 convertible notes
 restricted cash
 and PPP loan payable. The&#13;carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value


 and concluded that current plans&#13;will alleviate this concern. As of December 31
 2020
 we had $1
959
269 of cash and restricted cash on the balance sheet. We have continued&#13;to significantly reduce core operating expenses
 reducing total General and Administrative Expense in 2020 by $2
470
590 or 36%
 as compared&#13;with 2019. In January 2021
 the company secured $568

139
000 in debt due over the next 12 months. If there are not sufficient cash flows to cover the debt repayment the company believes&#13;that the debt could be satisfied through refinancing including conversion
 raising additional proceeds through issuance of stock or new&#13;debt. With the lean initiatives implemented by the business in 2020

 the Company cannot predict
 with certainty
 the outcome of its action to&#13;generate liquidity
 including the availability of additional financing


 2019
 we issued&#13;282
944 shares of common stock
 valued at $169
040 for services. We also issued 91
653 shares of our common stock
 with a value of $50
000
&#13;to a member of our Board of Directors in lieu of cash payments for Director fees. In addition
 we issued 281
343 options to purchase our&#13;common stock to certain member of the Board of Directors in lieu of cash payments for Director fees valued at $116
874. The exercise price&#13;of the options ranged from $0.47 to $0.65 per share
 vest immediately
 and are exercisable for periods of 8 years. In addition
 we issued&#13;875
000 options to purchase our common stock to employees and executives. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.45 to $0.73&#13;per share
 vest after 3 years

850
 in&#13;the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model

 we cancelled 1
387
333 options&#13;to purchase our common stock

841
454 warrants elected to exercise&#13;those warrant on a cash basis of $1
320
313 and cashless basis of $384
563 to offset convertible note and accrued interest; and received&#13;2
841

000 warrants elected to exercise&#13;those warrant on a cash basis of $180
000 and received 300

 2019
 the Company&#13;completed additional funding including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced at $0.60 per share
 resulting in the receipt&#13;of proceeds in the amount of $2.4 million and the issuance of 4
000

 the Company settled certain Executive&#13;Deferred Compensation payments with a combination of cash and warrants. The total amount of Deferred Executive compensation settled is&#13;$771
113. One-third of that total or $243
623
 was paid in cash. The remaining balance of $487

 2020
 the Company&#13;completed a funding
 including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced at $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment) in the&#13;amount of $3
825
000 and the issuance of 7
650
000 shares. The investors of this Private Placement Offering were granted O warrants to&#13;be eligible to purchase an additional 0.50 shares for every share issued to each purchaser
 exercisable for a period of 3 years at an&#13;exercise price of $0.60 per share (subject to adjustment). If the volume-weighted average trading price for the 20 consecutive trading&#13;days that conclude upon 6 months after the initial closing (the &amp;#8220;Six Month Price&amp;#8221;) exceeds or equals $0.50 per share (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Target Price&amp;#8221;)
 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
&#13;the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which&#13;case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor&amp;#8217;s investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals&#13;the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to&#13;such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference&#13;between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor&#13;at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless&#13;than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month&#13;Price

 2020
 the Company determined the&#13;volume-weighted average price was below the $0.35 per share and consequently issued 5
322
868 additional shares in accordance with provisions&#13;of the Private Placement Offering. Similarly
 the Company issued an additional 2
652
868 Warrants to investors that contributed capital&#13;or exercised the conversion of their convertible note. Lastly
 the Company issued an additional 459

 at the Company&amp;#8217;s option
 we issued&#13;654
651 shares of our Common Stock to pay interest due of $392


 2020
 we issued&#13;870
000 options to purchase our common stock to employees and 199
358 options to a Board Member. The exercise price of the options was&#13;between $0.34 and $0.44 per share
 with both cliff and graded vesting over 3 years

650
 in&#13;the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model

 2020
 625

 the Company settled&#13;certain Executive Deferred Compensation payments with the issuance of 1
573
988 warrants. The fair value of the warrants totaled $251
837.&#13;The total executive Deferred Compensation that was settled with the issuance of the warrants was $167
892. The difference between the&#13;fair value of the warrants and the Executive Deferred Compensation settled of $83
945 was recorded as stock-based compensation during&#13;the year ended December 31

641 and $225
026 for the years ended December 31


 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
428
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.40 - .87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
156
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.45 - .73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
387
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
197
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.40 - .87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
069
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.34 - .44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cancelled/Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(625
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding December 31
 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
640
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.34 - .87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
667

 2020
 the Company has $175
847&#13;of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested options






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      







 Inputs







      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Inputs




 Inputs



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      



 plant and equipment











      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      



7



      



 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized




 $0.000001 par value; 295
000
000 shares authorized; 149
133
372 and 130
341
737 shares issued and outstanding at December 30
 2020and 2019



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      






      


      







 net of offering costs



      


      






      






      






      


      





      

      





      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      

      


      


      


      

      





      


      






      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      




      

      


      


      


      



 measurement input




 measurement input



      


      


      


      


      


      

      













      

      


      



 measurement input


      






      


      






      





      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      











      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      






      



 Outstanding









 Outstanding







 Outstanding







 Outstanding








 Outstanding




 Outstanding




 Outstanding








 Outstanding







 Outstanding







      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      





      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      

      






      


      

      









      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      


      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      


 measurement input



 measurement input





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Outstanding


      

      

      

      

      

      


 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      


 Liability








      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)






 Intangible Assets





      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      




      

      

      

      

      








 Fair Value



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable


      

      



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Mar. 15
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020








































  2020
















































































































051
007



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



133
372


















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











816
887


989





382


385



Accounts receivable
 net

029


668



Inventory
 net

190


746





066


606





301
554


028
394



Property
 plant and equipment
 net of depreciation

922
912


406
317



Operating lease right-of-use assets
 net

947


287



Intangible assets
 net of amortization

216


503





817


304





817
446


125
805












046


068





489


125





306







137


601





166


851





627


978





007


692





317





Convertible note
 net of discount

243


742





475







104
813


882
057












664







170


177





814





Convertible note - related party
 net of discount

804


181
942



Convertible note
 net of discount

995


407
877







028





493
260


842
081



Commitments and contingencies (Note 6
7
8 and 13)













Preferred stock
 $0.000001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding






Common stock
 $0.000001 par value; 295
000
000 shares authorized; 149
133
372 and 130
341
737 shares issued and outstanding at December 30
 2020and 2019
 respectively








223
665


030
716





899
628)


747
122)





324
186


724





817
446


125
805






























































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.

















































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage
 classified as current. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

133
372


341
737



Common stock
 shares outstanding

133
372


341
737

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











567
547


306
785





784
537


928
210





938


366





072


313
209












379
976


850
566





198


847





973
174


500
413





209
102)


187
204)












540)


114
625)





200)









460





144


213
263





596)


098





152
506)


593
302)












755
506


510
646








































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.












































































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning balance at Dec. 31
 2018



118
649


153
820)


048)



Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

770
960













884
873




884
876



Exercise of warrants
 shares

196
180













914




914



Issuance of stock and options for services
 shares

597













026




026







798




798



Issuance of stock for capital raise
 net of offering costs



399
996




400
000



Issuance of stock for capital raise
 net of offering costs
 shares

000
000













460




460









593
302)


593
302)



Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2019



030
716


747
122)


724



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

341
737













641




641







893




893



Issuance of stock for capital raise
 net of offering costs



797
787




797
800



Issuance of stock for capital raise
 net of offering costs
 shares

972
868













899




899







333
757




333
762



Conversion of debt
 shares

770
030






770
030







788




789



Interest paid in shares
 shares

651













000




000



Issuance of stock for services
 shares

559













184




184














Restricted stock issuance
 shares

527















152
506)


152
506)



Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2020



223
665


899
628)


324
186



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

133
372










































Interest paid in shares
 shares.
















































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.




























Value
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















200













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











152
506)


593
302)












323


603





813


610





340


268





364)


397





558)


414





013


871







460





641


026





000


914





540)


114
625)





200)














997)


757)





142)


938





460)


482





513)


065





022)


376)





107


780





306







917


432





197
782)


353
326)












662)


216)





526)


324)





188)


540)














500
357



Cash received for stock
 net of offering costs

797
800


400
000





366)







131







008)







692)


686)





139
865


874
671





895


805



Cash and restricted cash
 beginning of year

091
374


041
569



Cash and restricted cash
 end of year

959
269


091
374





775
















084





611









563







555





893


798





770
963







789



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.







































































































































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in moneys or securities given as security including
 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 (&#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221;
&#8220;our
&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated on February 25
 2010 in the State of Delaware. We are engaged in the
manufacturing and distribution of ready to blend beverages
 particularly
 smoothies
 shakes and frappes.


have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;).




financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries
 Barfresh Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc. (formerly known as
Smoothie
 Inc.). All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.




with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance
sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at December 31
 2020 and 2019. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250
000
in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.




 2020
 the Company had $142
382 and
$91
385
 respectively
 in restricted cash related to our co-packing agreement.




Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 820
 (&#8220;ASC 820&#8221;)
provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required about fair value measurements.
Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:


active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 1 are
highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


quoted prices in active markets but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities
in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.


that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring
significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine the fair value of
financial transmission rights.


 accounts
receivable
 accounts payable
 advanced payments
 derivative liabilities
 convertible notes
 restricted cash
 and PPP loan payable. The
carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value
 except for the derivative liability in which carrying value
is fair value.




policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale. As of December 31
2020
 and 2019
 the company&#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $133
424 and $141
788 respectively. There was $133
424 of bad
debt expense recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020 and $89
397 of bad debt expense for the year ended December 31
 2019. The allowance
was applied to certain receivable accounts which are over 95 days.




at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first in first out basis. The company monitors the remaining useful life of its inventory
and establishes a reserve of obsolescence where appropriate. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&#8217;s inventory reserve was
$59
093 and $100
651 respectively.




 net of
amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of
 (&#8220;ASC 350&#8221;)
 the costs
of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated
with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.


trademarks have been capitalized. We have determined that trademarks have an indeterminable life and therefore are not being amortized.

Long-Lived Assets and Other Acquired Intangible
Assets


and finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such
assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent
of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts
to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property
and equipment and intangible assets is not recoverable
 the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. We have not recorded
any impairment charges during the years presented.

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 plant
 and equipment is stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term
that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement
purposes are:



    
    

    
    

    
    





 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains ownership of promised goods. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the
consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods. The Company applies the following five
steps:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
A contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party&#8217;s rights
 (ii) the contract has commercial substance and
 (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company
 the contract is the approved sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. For the Company
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages
 which provide immediate benefit to the customer.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration
 which typically includes volume-based rebates or discounts
 are estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.

    
    
    

    
    
    
Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations
    in the contract
    

    delivery of frozen beverages
 the transaction price is allocated to that single performance obligation.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the goods
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer
    warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale
    is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfillment costs and presented in distribution
 selling and administrative
    costs.
    

    are recorded are shown as current liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The company evaluated the requirement to disaggregate revenue and concluded that substantially all of its revenue comes from a single product
 frozen beverages.





development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $515
145 and $538
391
 in research and development expenses
for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




and administrative expenses. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 shipping and handling costs totaled $488
465 and $751
237
respectively.




A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
exchange for consideration. The right to control the use of an asset includes the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits
of the underlying asset and the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. After adoption of ASU 2016-02 and related
standards
 operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease
payments over the lease term. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a lessee
 the Company leases
office space.




with the provisions of ASC Topic 740
 (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;). Under this method
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date.


should recognize
 measure
 present
 and disclose in their financial statements
 uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken
on a tax return. Under ASC 740
 tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not
the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be measured
as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority
assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts.


deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be recognized.


 2020 and 2019 we
did not have any interest and penalties or any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.




options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives
to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815
 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging.&#8221; The result of this accounting treatment is
that the fair value of any derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair
value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as gain/loss from derivative liability.
Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair
value is reclassified to equity. We analyzed the derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815. The objective is to provide
guidance for determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument is indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock. This determination is
needed for a scope exception which would enable a derivative instrument to be accounted for under the accrual method. The classification
of a non-derivative instrument that falls within the scope of ASC 815-40-05 &#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed
to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&#8217;s Own Stock&#8221; also hinges on whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&#8217;s
own stock. A non-derivative instrument that is not indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock cannot be classified as equity and must be accounted
for as a liability. There is a two-step approach in determining whether an instrument or embedded feature is indexed to an entity&#8217;s
own stock. First
 the instrument&#8217;s contingent exercise provisions
 if any
 must be evaluated
 followed by an evaluation of the instrument&#8217;s
settlement provisions. The Company utilized the fair value standard set forth by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 defined as
the amount at which the assets (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing
parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale.




ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding
for the period in the denominator. At December 31
 2020 and 2019 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive as we had losses for the
years then ended.




ASC Topic 718
 (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;). ASC 718 requires that the cost resulting from all
share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements and establishes fair value as the measurement objective in
accounting for share-based payment arrangements and requires all entities to apply a fair-value-based measurement method in accounting
for share-based payment transactions with employees except for equity instruments held by employee stock ownership plans.




 new accounting pronouncements are
issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We have not determined if the impact of recently issued standards that are not
yet effective will have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020













    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
130
296
    
    
    
286
028
    

    
    
    
798
987
    
    
    
449
369
    

    
    
    
(59
093
    
    
    
(100
651
    

Inventory
 net
    
    
870
190
    
    
    
634
746
    
  



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








31
 2020 and 2019 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
524
    
    
    
1
524
    

    
    
    
3
573
528
    
    
    
3
521
636
    

    
    
    
4
886
    
    
    
4
886
    

    
    
    
29
696
    
    
    
29
696
    

    
    
    
3
609
634
    
    
    
3
557
742
    

    
    
    
(2
331
034
    
    
    
(1
787
967
    

    
    
    
1
278
600
    
    
    
1
769
775
    

    
    
    
644
312
    
    
    
636
542
    

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
    
    
1
922
912
    
    
    
2
406
317
    



assets of $529
385 and $586
237 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Depreciation expense in Cost of Goods Sold
was $18
938 and $65
366 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2020
 intangible assets consist
of patent costs of $768
138
 trademarks of $119
911 and accumulated amortization of $457
833.


 2019
 intangible assets consist
of patent costs of $764
891
 trademarks of $108
632 and accumulated amortization of $394
020.


cost to acquire
 legal fees and similar costs relating to the patents incurred by the Company. Amortization is calculated through the
expiration date of the patent
 which is December 2025. The amount charged to expenses for amortization of the patent costs was $63
813
and $63
610 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


as of December 31
 2020
 is as follows:



Years ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
64
422
    

    
    
    
64
422
    

    
    
    
64
422
    

    
    
    
64
218
    

    
    
    
52
821
    

    
    
    
310
305
    
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 members of management
and directors invested in company&#8217;s convertible notes; and in Note 10
 members of management and directors have received shares
of stock and options in exchange for services.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










131 loan under the
PPP administered by a Small Business Administration (SBA) approved partner. The loan
 which matures in two years
 is uncollateralized
and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting
certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan
obligation by the SBA. No forgiveness income has been recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020. The Company will be required to repay
any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be
forgiven or only partially forgiven. The company has applied for and anticipates the loan to be forgiven in 2021.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Note 7. Convertible Notes (Related and Unrelated
Party)


 we closed an offering of $2
527
500
in convertible notes
 Series CN Note 1 of 2
 of which
 management
 directors and significant shareholders have invested $840
000. The
convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on March 14
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to
the due date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88 per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over
the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per
share. In addition
 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of
the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&#8217;
election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 1
331
583 warrants issued
 in conjunction with the convertible note offering.


 $0.17 per share ($220
548
in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



548 was recorded as a debt discount
related to the issuance of the warrants.


 we offered investors in our March 2018
Convertible Note (&#8220;Series CN Notes&#8221;) the opportunity to accelerate the issuance of certain warrants associated with the CN
Notes. Pursuant to the acceleration offer
 Series CN Notes investors who invested an additional 10% to 20% of the Series CN Note amount
immediately received an additional 25% warrant coverage on their initial CN Note investment
 which would otherwise have been issued after
one year. During April 2018
 we closed the CN Note acceleration offer in the amount of $177
300 in convertible notes
 of which
 management
directors and significant shareholders have invested $30
000. The CN Note acceleration offer convertible notes bear 10% interest per annum
and are due and payable on March 14
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due date into our common stock at conversion
price of $0.88 per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the date of note holders&#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In addition
 the interest is convertible
at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over
the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per
share. There were 937
373 warrants issued in conjunction with the Series CN Note acceleration offer convertible note offering.


 $0.25 per share ($235
519
in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



199 was recorded as a debt discount
related to the issuance of the warrants as using the fair value would cause the debt discount to exceed the gross proceeds received.


 an investor elected to exercise I-Warrants
by using part of the investor&#8217;s convertible note. The total debt settled was $350
634 of principal and $33
929 of accrued interest.


 2020
 we completed a Private Placement
offering of $3
825
000 of common stock. In connection with the transaction
 the Company offered the Convertible Noteholders of Series
CN Note 1 and 2 to participate in the equity offering. A total of $720
000 principal balance of Series CN 1 was converted into common
stock [$630
000 from related parties]. The Series CN Note 1 Noteholders were offered bonus interest equivalent to 20% of their outstanding
principal which was converted to common stock. For $1
071
000 of the remaining $1
186
167 Series CN Note 1 Noteholders that chose not
to participate in the equity offering
 the terms of the Series CN Note 1 were amended to increase the interest rate to 15% per annum and
to extend the maturity of the outstanding principal balance by 24 months to March 20
 2022. The notes are convertible at any time prior
to the maturity into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. If the six month price is less than the $0.50 per share
the principal conversion price will be automatically reduced to the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.35 per Share
 in which
case the Company shall issue to each purchaser
 based on such purchaser&#8217;s investment
 (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference
between the number of Shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of Shares that would have been issued to such purchaser
at closing at the $0.50 per share and (b) warrants in a quantity that equals fifty percent (50%) of the difference between the number
of shares issued to such Purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the
$0.50 per share
 with an exercise price that equals the sum of $0.10 per share and the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.45
per share. The exercise price per share for the Convertible Note Warrants and the Bonus Warrant issued at closing will automatically adjust
as well to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share. There were 864
000 O warrants
issued to the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders for participating in the common stock offering.


 2020
 1
082
727 of the original L Warrants
related to the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders had their terms modified
 whereby the exercise price was reduced from $0.70 to $0.50 per share.
In addition
 the Series CN Note 1 Noteholders that chose to extend their notes for 24 months were granted 1
071
000 Series P warrants.
The fair value of the warrants
 ($92
266 in the aggregate which consists of the L and P Warrants)
 were calculated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 we recorded a debt
discount of $75
184 related to the issue of P Warrants to CN 1 and CN 2 Noteholders. The modification of the L Warrants resulted in an
incremental increase in fair value of $17
082
 which was recorded as a debt discount.


as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
181
167
    
    
    
2
704
800
    

    
    
    
(92
266
    
    
    
(325
747
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(638
988
    

    
    
    
(6
004
    
    
    
(27
000
    

    
    
    
(110
166
    
    
    
(803
634
    

    
    
    
38
173
    
    
    
898
940
    

    
    
    
1
010
904
    
    
    
1
808
371
    



 we closed an offering of $1
363
200
in convertible notes
 Series CN 2 of 2
 of which
 management
 directors and significant shareholders have invested $560
000. The convertible
notes bear 10% interest per annum and are due and payable on November 30
 2020. The notes are convertible at any time prior to the due
date into our common stock at conversion price of $0.88 per share or 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty
consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&#8217; election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. In
addition
 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average
closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders&#8217; election;
but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 678
864 warrants issued
 in conjunction with the convertible note offering.


 $0.31 per share ($212
763
in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



763 was recorded as a debt discount
related to the issuance of the warrants.


 2020
 a total of $1
128
000 principal
balance of Series CN Note 2 was converted into common stock [$560
000 from related parties]. The Noteholders were offered bonus interest
equivalent to 20% of their outstanding principal and converted their accrued interest into common stock. For $168
000 of the remaining
$235
200 Series CN Note 2 Noteholders that chose not to participate in the equity offering
 the terms of the Series CN Note 2 were amended
to extend the maturity of the outstanding principal balance by 12 months to November 30
 2021. The notes are convertible at any time prior
to the maturity into our common stock at a conversion price of $0.60 per share. There were 1
501
012 O warrants issued to the Series CN
Note 2 Noteholders for participating in the common stock offering.


 ($4
279
prior to modification
 and $6
096 post modification)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following
assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



817 was recorded as a
debt discount related to the modification of existing L warrants.


as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
235
200
    
    
    
1
363
200
    

    
    
    
(1
817
    
    
    
(212
763
    

    
    
    
(13
528
    
    
    
(697
186
    

    
    
    
(6
004
    
    
    
(23
700
    

    
    
    
(67
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
487
    
    
    
502
639
    

    
    
    
156
138
    
    
    
938
190
    



2020
 net of discount
 equals $1
167
042 which is presented on the consolidated balance sheet as
 $158
243 Convertible Note
 net of discount
Current Liabilities
 $197
804 Convertible Note
 Related Party
 Net of Discount
 Long-Term Liabilities and $810
995 Convertible Note
 Net
of Discount
 Long-term Liabilities. The total of $2
740
561 shown in the two tables above at December 31
 2019
 are presented in the balance
sheet as Long-Term Liabilities: Convertible Note &#8211; related party net of discount
 of $1
181
942
 Convertible Note &#8211; net of
Discount of $1
407
877
 and Current Liabilities: Convertible Note &#8211; net of Discount $150
742.


before effect of all discount
 are as follow:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
168
000
    

    
    
    
1
071
000
    

    
    
    
1
139
000
    



 2020
 the Company and the Holders of
the Series CN Note 1 and Note 2 mutually agreed to amend its terms to change the maturity date to March 20
 2022 and November 30
 2021
respectively. The Company accounted for the modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 Modifications and Extinguishments
 which states
that for all extinguishments of debt
 the difference between the reacquisition price (including any premium) and the net carrying amount
of the debt being extinguished (including any deferred debt issuance costs) should be recognized as a gain or loss when the debt is extinguished.
Accordingly
 the Company recorded a net gain on extinguishment of debt of $379
200 which was comprised of a gain of $437
201
 offset by
a loss of $58
001. The gain of $437
201 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were converted to common stock on March 20
 2020.
The loss on extinguishment of debt of $58
001 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were extended by either 24 months for CN
I
 or 12 months for CN2.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 Convertible Notes
 the Company
issued Series CN Note acceleration offer convertible notes payable that provide variable conversion provisions. The conversion terms of
the convertible notes are variable based on certain factors
 such as the future price of the Company&#8217;s common stock. The number
of shares of common stock to be issued is based on the future price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 therefore the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the promissory note is indeterminate.


liabilities are estimated at the issuance date and are revalued at each subsequent report date. The derivative liability was revalued
at December 31
 2019 with a value of $211
028
 which resulted in a gain of $1
114
625 for the year then ended.


 there was a portion of the
CN1 and CN2 notes that was not modified. The Company continued to revalue the derivative liability for each reporting period in 2020.
At December 31
 2020
 there was no value as the Company settled the derivative liability through repayment of the outstanding principal
upon maturity. On March 20
 2020
 the Company determined the fair value of the derivative liability related to CN1 and CN2 notes that
were converted and extended. The derivative liability values of $23
100 (CN converted) and $3
440 (CN extended) were used to determine
the debt extinguishment gain or loss.


notes that were converted and CN notes that were extended was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions:



    
    
March 20
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



for $168
000 of CN2 notes that were extended to November 2021
 the Company valued the derivative liability as of March 20
 2020. As of
March 20
 2020
 the initial value of the derivative liability was $13
527.


notes that were extended was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions:



    
    
March 20
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



Convertible Note 2 of 2 was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions.



    
    



    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (level 3) from December 31
 2018 to December 31
 2019:



December 31
 2018
    
    
1
325
653
    

    
    
    
(1
114
625
    

For the period ended December 31
 2019
    
    
211
028
    



at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (level 3) from December 31
 2019 to December 31
 2020:



    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
211
028
    

    
    
    
(23
100
    

    
    
    
(3
440
    

Initial derivative value &#8211; March 20
 2020
    
    
13
527
    

    
    
    
(156
540
    

For the period ended December 31
 2020
    
    
41
475
    



value hierarchy for applicable assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative Liability December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
211
028
    
    
    
211
028
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative Liability December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
41
475
    
    
    
41
475
    
  



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










lease which expires on March 31
 2023. We incurred lease expense of $82
194 and $92
608 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively. As of December 31
 2020
 our right of use asset and related liability was $147
947 and $159
177
 respectively.


lease right-of-use asset and liability
 we used a 10% discount rate (which approximates our borrowing rate). The remaining term on the
lease is 2.25 years.


lease payment as of December 31
 2020.



    
    
    
78
021
    

    
    
    
80
361
    

    
    
    
20
238
    

    
    
    
178
620
    

    
    
    
(19
443
    

    
    
    
159
177
    



 various
lawsuits and legal proceedings may arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently the defendant
in one legal proceeding for an amount less than $100
000. Our legal counsel and management believe a material unfavorable outcome to be
remote.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2019
 we issued
282
944 shares of common stock
 valued at $169
040 for services. We also issued 91
653 shares of our common stock
 with a value of $50
000
to a member of our Board of Directors in lieu of cash payments for Director fees. In addition
 we issued 281
343 options to purchase our
common stock to certain member of the Board of Directors in lieu of cash payments for Director fees valued at $116
874. The exercise price
of the options ranged from $0.47 to $0.65 per share
 vest immediately
 and are exercisable for periods of 8 years. In addition
 we issued
875
000 options to purchase our common stock to employees and executives. The exercise price of the options ranged from $0.45 to $0.73
per share
 vest after 3 years
 and are exercisable for periods of 8 years.


850
 in
the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based on the criteria shown below.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 we cancelled 1
387
333 options
to purchase our common stock
 which was primarily driven by the resignation of executives.


841
454 warrants elected to exercise
those warrant on a cash basis of $1
320
313 and cashless basis of $384
563 to offset convertible note and accrued interest; and received
2
841
454 shares of our common stock.


000 warrants elected to exercise
those warrant on a cash basis of $180
000 and received 300
000 shares of our common stock.


 2019
 the Company
completed additional funding including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced at $0.60 per share
 resulting in the receipt
of proceeds in the amount of $2.4 million and the issuance of 4
000
000 shares.


 the Company settled certain Executive
Deferred Compensation payments with a combination of cash and warrants. The total amount of Deferred Executive compensation settled is
$771
113. One-third of that total or $243
623
 was paid in cash. The remaining balance of $487
246 was settled by granting the Executives
warrants exercisable for five years to purchase the Company&#8217;s stock at an exercise price of $0.70 per share.


 2020
 the Company
completed a funding
 including a Private Placement Offering for common shares priced at $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment) in the
amount of $3
825
000 and the issuance of 7
650
000 shares. The investors of this Private Placement Offering were granted O warrants to
be eligible to purchase an additional 0.50 shares for every share issued to each purchaser
 exercisable for a period of 3 years at an
exercise price of $0.60 per share (subject to adjustment). If the volume-weighted average trading price for the 20 consecutive trading
days that conclude upon 6 months after the initial closing (the &#8220;Six Month Price&#8221;) exceeds or equals $0.50 per share (the
&#8220;Target Price&#8221;)
 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which
case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor&#8217;s investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals
the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to
such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference
between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor
at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless
than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month
Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share.


 2020
 the Company determined the
volume-weighted average price was below the $0.35 per share and consequently issued 5
322
868 additional shares in accordance with provisions
of the Private Placement Offering. Similarly
 the Company issued an additional 2
652
868 Warrants to investors that contributed capital
or exercised the conversion of their convertible note. Lastly
 the Company issued an additional 459
000 Warrants for convertible noteholders
that extended their convertible notes.


 at the Company&#8217;s option
 we issued
654
651 shares of our Common Stock to pay interest due of $392
789.


559 shares of our Common Stock for services
rendered. The shares of our common stock were valued between $0.25 - $0.50 per share


 2020
 we issued
870
000 options to purchase our common stock to employees and 199
358 options to a Board Member. The exercise price of the options was
between $0.34 and $0.44 per share
 with both cliff and graded vesting over 3 years
 and are exercisable for a period of 8 years.


650
 in
the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based on the criteria shown below.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2020
 625
423 options
expired or were cancelled.


 the Company settled
certain Executive Deferred Compensation payments with the issuance of 1
573
988 warrants. The fair value of the warrants totaled $251
837.
The total executive Deferred Compensation that was settled with the issuance of the warrants was $167
892. The difference between the
fair value of the warrants and the Executive Deferred Compensation settled of $83
945 was recorded as stock-based compensation during
the year ended December 31
 2020.


in additional paid in capital was $276
641 and $225
026 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.


issued to employees and directors as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    

share $
    
    
    

term in years
    
    
    


of grant $
    

Outstanding January 1
 2019
    
    
7
428
014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
156
343
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
387
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding December 31
 2019
    
    
7
197
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
069
358
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(625
423
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding December 31
 2020
    
    
7
640
959
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31 2020
    
    
6
667
625
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2020
 the Company has $175
847
of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested options
 which is expected to be amortized over the remaining
weighted average period of 1.51 years.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
020
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
465
501
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
169
599
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










December 31
 2020 and 2019 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(715
000
    
    
    
(937
500
    

    
    
    
(235
000
    
    
    
(1
488
500
    

    
    
    
(950
000
    
    
    
(2
426
000
    

    
    
    
950
000
    
    
    
2
426
000
    



computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effect of the differences
are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



December 31
 2020 and 2019 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
345
000
    
    
    
10
395
000
    

    
    
    
(11
345
000
    
    
    
(10
395
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be recognized. After consideration of all the evidence
 both positive and negative
 management has determined that
a $11
345
000 and $10
395
000 allowance at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 is necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets to
the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The increase in the valuation allowance for the current period is $950
000.


 2020
 we have a net operating loss
carry forward of approximately $40
664
400. The loss will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used
 this carry forward
will expire as follows:



    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
63
800
    

    
    
    
345
900
    

    
    
    
1
840
300
    

    
    
    
2
324
100
    

    
    
    
2
987
300
    

    
    
    
5
061
700
    

    
    
    
8
464
700
    

    
    
    
7
315
400
    

    
    
    
4
391
100
    



of $3
404
600 and $4
464
500 does not expire under the Tax Cut and Job Act of 2017.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2020 and 2020
we operated in one segment.


more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2020:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
845
011
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
562
499
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
297
527
    
    
    
    
    



more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
641
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
739
956
    
    
    
    
    
  



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








cash flow from operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt over the Company&#8217;s ability to meet all of its obligations over
the twelve months following the filing of this Form 10-K. Management has evaluated these conditions
 and concluded that current plans
will alleviate this concern. As of December 31
 2020
 we had $1
959
269 of cash and restricted cash on the balance sheet. We have continued
to significantly reduce core operating expenses
 reducing total General and Administrative Expense in 2020 by $2
470
590 or 36%
 as compared
with 2019. In January 2021
 the company secured $568
131 in proceeds from the second PPP loan.


back from Covid-19 and its new Twist &#38; Go products. The Company believes this will provide sufficient cash to cover operating expenses
and $1
139
000 in debt due over the next 12 months. If there are not sufficient cash flows to cover the debt repayment the company believes
that the debt could be satisfied through refinancing including conversion
 raising additional proceeds through issuance of stock or new
debt. With the lean initiatives implemented by the business in 2020
 liquidity is expected to remain stable with very little change from
2020.


doubt of our ability to continue as a going concern. However
 the Company cannot predict
 with certainty
 the outcome of its action to
generate liquidity
 including the availability of additional financing
 or whether such actions would generate the expected liquidity
as planned.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










 2021
 the
Company was granted a $568
131 loan under the PPP administered by a Small Business Administration (SBA) approved partner. The loan
 which
matures in five years
 at an interest rate of 1%
 and is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The deferral
period is 24 weeks plus 10 months from the loan note date. The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon
meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from
the loan obligation by the SBA. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly
payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be forgiven or only partially forgiven.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










financial statements of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries
 Barfresh Inc. and Barfresh Corporation Inc. (formerly known as
Smoothie
 Inc.). All inter-company balances and transactions among the companies have been eliminated upon consolidation.







with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance
sheets and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.







exceeds the $250
000 federally insured limit at December 31
 2020 and 2019. However
 we believe that cash on deposit that exceeds $250
000
in the financial institutions is financially sound and the risk of loss is minimal.







 2020
 the Company had $142
382 and
$91
385
 respectively
 in restricted cash related to our co-packing agreement.







Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 820
 (&#8220;ASC 820&#8221;)
provides a comprehensive framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures which are required about fair value measurements.
Specifically
 ASC 820 sets forth a definition of fair value and establishes a hierarchy prioritizing the inputs to valuation techniques
giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
value inputs. ASC 820 defines the hierarchy as follows:


active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 1 are
highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


quoted prices in active markets but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date. The types of assets and liabilities
in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts or priced with models using highly observable inputs.


that are unobservable as of the reporting date. The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those with inputs requiring
significant management judgment or estimation
 such as complex and subjective models and forecasts used to determine the fair value of
financial transmission rights.


 accounts
receivable
 accounts payable
 advanced payments
 derivative liabilities
 convertible notes
 restricted cash
 and PPP loan payable. The
carrying value of our financial instruments approximates their fair value
 except for the derivative liability in which carrying value
is fair value.







policy calls for payment generally within 30 days. The credit worthiness of a customer is evaluated prior to a sale. As of December 31
2020
 and 2019
 the company&#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $133
424 and $141
788 respectively. There was $133
424 of bad
debt expense recorded for the year ended December 31
 2020 and $89
397 of bad debt expense for the year ended December 31
 2019. The allowance
was applied to certain receivable accounts which are over 95 days.







at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first in first out basis. The company monitors the remaining useful life of its inventory
and establishes a reserve of obsolescence where appropriate. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&#8217;s inventory reserve was
$59
093 and $100
651 respectively.







 net of
amortization and trademarks. The patent costs are being amortized over the life of the patent
 which is twenty years from the date of
 (&#8220;ASC 350&#8221;)
 the costs
of internally developing other intangible assets
 such as patents
 are expensed as incurred. However
 as allowed by ASC 350
 costs associated
with the acquisition of patents from third parties
 legal fees and similar costs relating to patents have been capitalized.


trademarks have been capitalized. We have determined that trademarks have an indeterminable life and therefore are not being amortized.




Long-Lived Assets and Other Acquired Intangible
Assets


and finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such
assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent
of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts
to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property
and equipment and intangible assets is not recoverable
 the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. We have not recorded
any impairment charges during the years presented.



Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 plant
 and equipment is stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss
 if any. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are being amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term
that includes any expected renewal periods that are deemed to be reasonably assured. The estimated useful lives used for financial statement
purposes are:



    
    

    
    

    
    
  







 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 revenue is recognized when a customer obtains ownership of promised goods. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the
consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods. The Company applies the following five
steps:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
A contract with a customer exists when (i) the Company enters into an enforceable contract with a customer that defines each party&#8217;s rights
 (ii) the contract has commercial substance and
 (iii) the Company determines that collection of substantially all consideration for goods or services that are transferred is probable. For the Company
 the contract is the approved sales order
 which may also be supplemented by other agreements that formalize various terms and conditions with customers.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. For the Company
 this consists of the delivery of frozen beverages
 which provide immediate benefit to the customer.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods and is generally stated on the approved sales order. Variable consideration
 which typically includes volume-based rebates or discounts
 are estimated utilizing the most likely amount method.

    
    
    

    
    
    
Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations
    in the contract
    

    delivery of frozen beverages
 the transaction price is allocated to that single performance obligation.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    beverages when title and risk of loss passes and the customer accepts the goods
 which generally occurs at the time of delivery to a customer
    warehouse. Customer sales incentives such as volume-based rebates or discounts are treated as a reduction of sales at the time the sale
    is recognized. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfillment costs and presented in distribution
 selling and administrative
    costs.
    

    are recorded are shown as current liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The company evaluated the requirement to disaggregate revenue and concluded that substantially all of its revenue comes from a single product
 frozen beverages.
  







development and improvement are charged to expense as incurred. We incurred $515
145 and $538
391
 in research and development expenses
for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







and administrative expenses. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 shipping and handling costs totaled $ 488
465 and $751
237
respectively.







A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
exchange for consideration. The right to control the use of an asset includes the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits
of the underlying asset and the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used. After adoption of ASU 2016-02 and related
standards
 operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease
payments over the lease term. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a lessee
 the Company leases
office space.







with the provisions of ASC Topic 740
 (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;). Under this method
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date.


should recognize
 measure
 present
 and disclose in their financial statements
 uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken
on a tax return. Under ASC 740
 tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than not
the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be measured
as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority
assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts.


deferred tax assets reported if
 based on the weight of evidence
 it is more than likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be recognized.


 2020 and 2019 we
did not have any interest and penalties or any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions.







options
 warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives
to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815
 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging.&#8221; The result of this accounting treatment is
that the fair value of any derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event that the fair
value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as gain/loss from derivative liability.
Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair
value is reclassified to equity. We analyzed the derivative financial instruments in accordance with ASC 815. The objective is to provide
guidance for determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument is indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock. This determination is
needed for a scope exception which would enable a derivative instrument to be accounted for under the accrual method. The classification
of a non-derivative instrument that falls within the scope of ASC 815-40-05 &#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed
to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&#8217;s Own Stock&#8221; also hinges on whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&#8217;s
own stock. A non-derivative instrument that is not indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock cannot be classified as equity and must be accounted
for as a liability. There is a two-step approach in determining whether an instrument or embedded feature is indexed to an entity&#8217;s
own stock. First
 the instrument&#8217;s contingent exercise provisions
 if any
 must be evaluated
 followed by an evaluation of the instrument&#8217;s
settlement provisions. The Company utilized the fair value standard set forth by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 defined as
the amount at which the assets (or liability) could be bought (or incurred) or sold (or settled) in a current transaction between willing
parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale.







ASC Topic 260
. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding for the period
 and diluted earnings per share is computed by including common stock equivalents outstanding
for the period in the denominator. At December 31
 2020 and 2019 any equivalents would have been anti-dilutive as we had losses for the
years then ended.







ASC Topic 718
 (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;). ASC 718 requires that the cost resulting from all
share-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements and establishes fair value as the measurement objective in
accounting for share-based payment arrangements and requires all entities to apply a fair-value-based measurement method in accounting
for share-based payment transactions with employees except for equity instruments held by employee stock ownership plans.







 new accounting pronouncements are
issued that we adopt as of the specified effective date. We have not determined if the impact of recently issued standards that are not
yet effective will have an impact on our results of operations and financial position.







Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
























































Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The estimated useful lives used for financial statement
purposes are:



    
    

    
    

    
    
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020











    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
130
296
    
    
    
286
028
    

    
    
    
798
987
    
    
    
449
369
    

    
    
    
(59
093
    
    
    
(100
651
    

Inventory
 net
    
    
870
190
    
    
    
634
746
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Major classes of property and equipment at December
31
 2020 and 2019 consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
524
    
    
    
1
524
    

    
    
    
3
573
528
    
    
    
3
521
636
    

    
    
    
4
886
    
    
    
4
886
    

    
    
    
29
696
    
    
    
29
696
    

    
    
    
3
609
634
    
    
    
3
557
742
    

    
    
    
(2
331
034
    
    
    
(1
787
967
    

    
    
    
1
278
600
    
    
    
1
769
775
    

    
    
    
644
312
    
    
    
636
542
    

Property and equipment
 net of depreciation
    
    
1
922
912
    
    
    
2
406
317
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Estimated future amortization expense related to patents
as of December 31
 2020
 is as follows:



Years ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
64
422
    

    
    
    
64
422
    

    
    
    
64
422
    

    
    
    
64
218
    

    
    
    
52
821
    

    
    
    
310
305
    
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The fair value of the warrants
 $0.17 per share ($220
548
in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 $0.25 per share ($235
519
in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 ($92
266 in the aggregate
which consists of the L and P Warrants)
 were calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 $0.31 per share ($212
763
in the aggregate)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 ($4
279
prior to modification
 and $6
096 post modification)
 was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following
assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
  




The convertible notes consist of the following components
as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
181
167
    
    
    
2
704
800
    

    
    
    
(92
266
    
    
    
(325
747
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(638
988
    

    
    
    
(6
004
    
    
    
(27
000
    

    
    
    
(110
166
    
    
    
(803
634
    

    
    
    
38
173
    
    
    
898
940
    

    
    
    
1
010
904
    
    
    
1
808
371
    



as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
235
200
    
    
    
1
363
200
    

    
    
    
(1
817
    
    
    
(212
763
    

    
    
    
(13
528
    
    
    
(697
186
    

    
    
    
(6
004
    
    
    
(23
700
    

    
    
    
(67
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
487
    
    
    
502
639
    

    
    
    
156
138
    
    
    
938
190
    
  




Future maturity of convertible notes at face value
before effect of all discount
 are as follow:



Years Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
168
000
    

    
    
    
1
071
000
    

    
    
    
1
139
000
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of assumption used to determine benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 discount rate
 rate of compensation increase
 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and interest crediting rate.




























Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The fair value of the derivative liability for CN
notes that were converted and CN notes that were extended was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions:



    
    
March 20
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



notes that were extended was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions:



    
    
March 20
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



Convertible Note 2 of 2 was calculated using the Black-Scholes model using the following assumptions.



    
    



    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




Reconciliation of the derivative liability measured
at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (level 3) from December 31
 2018 to December 31
 2019:



December 31
 2018
    
    
1
325
653
    

    
    
    
(1
114
625
    

For the period ended December 31
 2019
    
    
211
028
    



at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (level 3) from December 31
 2019 to December 31
 2020:



    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
211
028
    

    
    
    
(23
100
    

    
    
    
(3
440
    

Initial derivative value &#8211; March 20
 2020
    
    
13
527
    

    
    
    
(156
540
    

For the period ended December 31
 2020
    
    
41
475
    
  




The following table presents the Company&#8217;s fair
value hierarchy for applicable assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative Liability December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
211
028
    
    
    
211
028
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Derivative Liability December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
41
475
    
    
    
41
475
    
  





























































































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following table presents the future operating
lease payment as of December 31
 2020.



    
    
    
78
021
    

    
    
    
80
361
    

    
    
    
20
238
    

    
    
    
178
620
    

    
    
    
(19
443
    

    
    
    
159
177
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The fair value of the options issued ($237
850
 in
the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based on the criteria shown below.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



650
 in
the aggregate) was calculated using the Black-Sholes option pricing model
 based on the criteria shown below.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
  




The following is a summary of outstanding stock options
issued to employees and directors as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    

share $
    
    
    

term in years
    
    
    


of grant $
    

Outstanding January 1
 2019
    
    
7
428
014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
156
343
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
387
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding December 31
 2019
    
    
7
197
024
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
069
358
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(625
423
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding December 31
 2020
    
    
7
640
959
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31 2020
    
    
6
667
625
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following is a summary of all outstanding warrants
as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
020
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
465
501
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
169
599
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  







Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Income tax provision (benefit) for the years ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019 is summarized below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(715
000
    
    
    
(937
500
    

    
    
    
(235
000
    
    
    
(1
488
500
    

    
    
    
(950
000
    
    
    
(2
426
000
    

    
    
    
950
000
    
    
    
2
426
000
    
  




The provision for income taxes differs from the amount
computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effect of the differences
are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




Components of the net deferred income tax assets at
December 31
 2020 and 2019 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
345
000
    
    
    
10
395
000
    

    
    
    
(11
345
000
    
    
    
(10
395
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  




The loss will be available to offset future taxable
income. If not used
 this carry forward will expire as follows:



    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
63
800
    

    
    
    
345
900
    

    
    
    
1
840
300
    

    
    
    
2
324
100
    

    
    
    
2
987
300
    

    
    
    
5
061
700
    

    
    
    
8
464
700
    

    
    
    
7
315
400
    

    
    
    
4
391
100
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of pertinent information
 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The following is a breakdown of customers representing
more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2020:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
845
011
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
562
499
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
297
527
    
    
    
    
    



more than 10% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
641
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
739
956
    
    
    
    
    
  







Tabular disclosure of the extent of the entity's reliance on its major customers
 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




000


000





000







424


788





424


397





093


651





145


391





465


237








































382


385




































Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of cash restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











296


028





987


369





093)


651)



Inventory
 net

190


746



































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








385


237





938


366




































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

609
634


557
742





331
034)


787
967)





278
600


769
775





312


542



Property and equipment
 net of depreciation

922
912


406
317










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

524


524










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

573
528


521
636










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

886


886










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

696


696




































Property
 plant and equipment.




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











138


891





911


632





833


020





  2025







813


610




































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of the costs pertaining to the exclusive legal rights granted to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law. Such costs may have been expended to directly apply and receive patent rights
 or to acquire such rights.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















422





422





422





218





821



Intangible asset
 net of amortization

305







Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




131














131







 2020. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be forgiven or only partially forgiven. The company has applied for and anticipates the loan to be forgiven in 2021.




















































Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































































167
042


740
561



Debt conversion
 description

 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor's investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share





























460















139
000





Convertible note
 net of discount











243


742



Convertible note related party
 non-current











804


181
942















995


407
877





200










200







201

















001

















201 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were converted to common stock on March 20
 2020. The loss on extinguishment of debt of $58
001 related to the portion of Convertible Notes that were extended by either 24 months for CN I
 or 12 months for CN2.
































Debt conversion
 description











 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor's investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share







825
000










825
000


























634

















929






































300

















000


































  2020


























Closing price of the common stock
 percentage

































Debt conversion
 description

































Closing price of the common stock
 percentage
















Debt conversion
 description







 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders' election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 937
373 warrants issued in conjunction with the Series CN Note acceleration offer convertible note offering.
































864


373


331
583






























763


519


548













763


199


548


































527
500

















000


































  2020
























Closing price of the common stock
 percentage

































Debt conversion
 description









































































































































071
000


































  2022
































Closing price of the common stock
 percentage
















Debt conversion
 description

 the principal conversion price will be automatically reduced to the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.35 per Share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each purchaser
 based on such purchaser's investment
 (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of Shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of Shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the $0.50 per share and (b) warrants in a quantity that equals fifty percent (50%) of the difference between the number of shares issued to such Purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the $0.50 per share
 with an exercise price that equals the sum of $0.10 per share and the $0.50 per share
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share.

















000

















000


































186
167


































000


































082
727






































































































071
000


































266


































082

















184






































363
200

















000


































  2020




























Closing price of the common stock
 percentage
















Debt conversion
 description

































Closing price of the common stock
 percentage
















Debt conversion
 description





 the interest is convertible at any time prior to the due dates into our common stock at conversion price of 85% of the average closing price of the common stock over the twenty consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of note holders' election; but in no event lower than $0.60 per share. There were 678
864 warrants issued
 in conjunction with the convertible note offering.






























000


































  2021

















128
000

















000


































200


































501
012


































817


































279


































096

































































































































































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.







































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
















































































































































Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 20
 2020
Dec. 31
 2018
Apr. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018













Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage














Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage.




























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




167
042


740
561












181
167


704
800





266)


747)







988)





004)


000)





166)


634)





173


940





010
904


808
371












200


363
200





817)


763)





528)


186)





004)


700)





200)







487


639





138


190




































Convertible notes
 gross.
















































































































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Years ending December 31
 2021

000



Years ending December 31
 2022

071
000



Future maturity of convertible notes
 total

139
000



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Mar. 20
 2020






028







540


114
625











527


















100


















440


















000







Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
























































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 20
 2020
Dec. 31
 2018
Apr. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019

















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage





























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentage


















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Derivative Liabilities - Schedule of Derivative Liability Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Details) - Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member] - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Derivative liabilities
 beginning balance

028


325
653





100)







440)





Initial derivative value - March 20
 2020

527







540)


114
625)



Derivative liabilities
 ending balance

475


028

































































Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income from derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3).




























Amount of issuances of financial instrument classified as a derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.




























Fair value of financial instrument classified as derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




475


028



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]













Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]













Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]








475


028


































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











  2023







194


608





947


287





177





















000





































Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















021





361





238





620





443)





177






























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Sep. 28
 2020
Mar. 20
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018















Number of common stock issued for services
 value





000







Common stock shares issued
 value





797
800


400
000







































850











423


387
333











069
358


156
343











167
042


740
561











641


026





Debt conversion
 description



 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor's investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share

















460











847


































































































Common stock shares issued
 shares

322
868






000
000





Common stock shares issued
 value







400
000
























650
000
























825
000


825
000







Debt conversion
 description





 the per share purchase price will not be adjusted. If the Six Month Price is less than the Target Price
 the per share purchase price will be automatically reduced to the Six Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.35 per share
 in which case the Company shall issue to each investor
 pro-rata based on such investor's investment: (a) shares in a quantity that equals the difference between the number of shares issued to such purchaser at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such purchaser at closing at the Six Month Price; and (b) a warrant for a number of shares of common stock equal to 50% of the difference between the number of shares issued to such investor at closing and the number of shares that would have been issued to such investor at closing at the Six Month Price
 with an exercise price equal to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six Month Price
 but in no eventless than $0.45 per share. The exercise price per share for each warrant will automatically adjust to the sum of $0.10 per share and the Six-Month Price
 but in no event less than $0.45 per share
















































652
868













000













































841
454













320
313













563













841
454







































000













000













000




























































































































































































































































Common stock shares issued
 value







113







































246











573
988













837













892













945

































Common stock shares issued
 value







623





































559







Common stock shares issued
 shares





651







Common stock shares issued
 value





789







































650













423













423









































944





Number of common stock issued for services
 value







040





Common stock shares issued
 shares







653





Common stock shares issued
 value







000


























































































































Common stock shares issued
 shares







343





Common stock shares issued
 value







874

































































000





































387
333




















































000




















































358






















































































































































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.







































































































































































































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.










































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Volatility (based on a comparable company)
 minimum






Volatility (based on a comparable company)
 maximum













Risk Free interest rate
 maximum










































































The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Number of Options
 Outstanding
 Beginning

197
024


428
014



Number of Options
 Issued

069
358


156
343



Number of Options
 Cancelled/Expired

423)


387
333)



Number of Options
 Outstanding
 Ending

640
959


197
024



Number of Options
 Exercisable

667
625





Average remaining term in years
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Average remaining term in years
 Outstanding
 Ending






Average remaining term in years
 Exercisable






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Outstanding
 Ending






Aggregate intrinsic value at date of grant
 Exercisable













Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Exercise price per share
 Issued






Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Ending






Exercise price per share
 Exercisable













Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Beginning






Exercise price per share
 Issued






Exercise price per share
 Outstanding
 Ending






Exercise price per share
 Exercisable
























































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.



















































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























169
599






























020
833























































465
501
















































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











345
000


395
000





000


426
000





664
400







404
600


464
500





























































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
































000)


500)





000)


488
500)





000)


426
000)





000


426
000



























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit



























Effective income tax rate
 Total



























































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











345
000


395
000





345
000)


395
000)



Deferred income tax assets
 net










































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























000















800















900















840
300















324
100















987
300















061
700















464
700















315
400















391
100




























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




















Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




567
547


306
785












011


641
333



















499


956



















527
















For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Jan. 27
 2021
Jan. 31
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018








959
269


091
374


041
569



Reducing general and administrative expenses
 description





 reducing total General and Administrative Expense in 2020 by $2
470
590 or 36%
 as compared with 2019. In January 2021
 the company secured $568
131 in proceeds from the second PPP loan.













470
590













131













139
000


























131






















131


131













Reducing general and administrative expenses
 description.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 27
 2021
Jan. 31
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019








131






















131











 2020. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be forgiven or only partially forgiven. The company has applied for and anticipates the loan to be forgiven in 2021.


















131


131




















 which matures in five years
 at an interest rate of 1%
 and is uncollateralized and is fully guaranteed by the Federal government. The deferral period is 24 weeks plus 10 months from the loan note date. The Company is eligible for loan forgiveness of up to 100% of the loan
 upon meeting certain requirements. The Company has recorded a note payable and will record the forgiveness upon being legally released from the loan obligation by the SBA. The Company will be required to repay any remaining balance
 plus interest accrued at 1 percent
 in monthly payments commencing upon notification that the loan will not be forgiven or only partially forgiven










































Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM


:







B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1








M







_#





MV%OB9)RRL(

MV?)N]07-'A^GZ//R\6F!Y@^3CD-BKY38NT3B!&I.T@1J+6)OZ)Z]UXET
_F^

A4+)F-A-F2$8%O7



M\PX7F@












M

M
O

M\^THQRDC6=@)@H?











M0H .^*)'\'5*Q@IL?VB6IN


MLDY-SO&.3IHAO3
^9RDAF$X4*.S@+/&4?=DQ-WS

9XSFHX7=


_GA+$YRV@_

@@:=:\[G(U[;S$''+0;U;VGJH*$

ME_!]2YYAAC

AGJ'=T.;^OM#K!+M2J+,HPFOW!XE61Y^E!HN[%!DQY
MFO&




M*+#27;%V92D 9Q944#?PO)%;8



P\Z-16LWA)G/

M8U?I[(;#39M
:*+)<IPTWBPZ4WBMW-[G2=BMH3.FB%#LX36G]M



M^8


\_45LFOB&**'8#NWJQ.<@^<L
]@


TBWNY
V1QCRSV(KN3VMACHN81=@:2$\\DS:(X

MH\MZ=)GWM!^;@LW?#Z 2S?6UYY3GO=7
MN


PA\Y/_*W_D]EQA2Y$RP#O G=2
MSVT/?9_X&__%![B#O4
;)2NXEBAQ:


MH\B3.!]3@D

MMT/CLS0P@K:O.\Z B*P _+Z1TKQ^6 ?]_QU6_P-02P
$%     @ MH.4AOZ
MJ QS!@  '

MZXLVI


_SK*3W%:CW11%7/S_1







BN?Q/S/XS*A(.9@39/W 
-W #DP
/7A&--K8LJUX7D)$5[
G\]%

MZ




N*#H!NL0178?:BJ);

Z9
MHP#$'FO
!-=)#Q'?=Z':N*G(\G+OGX=6T([7([&$'N\,1KJ1 I]$H3JYZVI
M$D:7$_8U[!@8VB%X8A0)#&N'NG3H3(I)2$A 5/&F@N!C
'@WMYQ

@#()0.R&:BCLOYNL+UU$GLE/G
MBI7/M&I.LT4O4_IH7&#:(.?SWU
/S730A!ACXJG3WU[0&$GTHIJ
_@!=H+.3
M13O:ZJ+8IC72
=$EQ'%4N(BN


MB$K]TG-E

ICTX<( 58U/[.VWW]D0EDE+'_8/OM^?^XX

XRCZ


LF-K?PI7HTF1/*?90=&CH5A
-TAQR!FHQ
%VR'.CM46N9@['MV

M'9]
K^


MOE*VJQQ[LYO#S+KBG9W#UAPH$K(PH0@- =GQ?OIM4#1!$0_+
Y-#+
L-X(]&

M%U%UD$KLAL:@8




MA$B#_!-!*NI*Q=N'XU[FBC



SE?/V$;:-
MZ)YAUTC6/3)G@HUML;##DWRFUF&7%A11C]P)(E!0[I=6

A#)T-7-_2M'<_0X[0 A./6(-N%87+W8J&QKR/=:I(RX
ME(<! =I]O)JG_4$YM10A$L._N7+;CID\(:]H1I*@LK_ 45P!+%2LXX_EKK:
M=
I
[

M!H
M-^XEMO&U1 05$Q 


MNLL04CO)/
D=&Q+A

(&N

M;3M$6^+65(A

DTN?4_@S\[N68]\
9Y[Q!O M+J

M2%/+(PX[F;(YQ#'AQ&SU0WA!Y@F4

MME-ZCT6M4)ZEL6$%9XZ
I/.=%A[Z[;0BAE8D3*N[3E2

V8)5_)YS80
M*2)%/BG-!]VNN\F


[H?@-L:11N;\


24%TFXO)C?9+T^?==$AT&FKS.0 L.2S^89%O.&

M?25AIV^@R_A#!K/KCB\B'7]18M^_R[
62HE=_W'+2LCUV@#^OA$09


M7JZ+=?MUW;P[.#X(7_QN;I8=?7'T





M]'M_D+UGC^Q]/%._VJ9;.O6QJ70UWN (A$9J9X':#[



 MBUN(
MB'9;M


/_N
M#1A'#&]@D+28S'0%VU
ZGD)

NB4\5B@53&G(  VQ+-8*[W*L%Z



 4L
MJG8PQ(6V!8TV#7CKW;9?J^U+IR3.*SV=DTGTZG:J$K[SI8VY/7D6(AM [1
MI-2K.:@
B8





=-:_8D\G(IE14QF+CPADH(




\^ZX[A$$MQ#





MV771WF@N#5'.4?2$.+P])RLI$+#T]V
LJLQV12TEKU]/19P4(Y6:;RF?
?@T
QP@W +01M;A8Y52T%4KT3S[.L%O &6L^7V%L/)

M2X^X
W[]!N636!GH?N6W^%






F$OY 5$C]YQM)$$C)
K(^U4UD30@YMD





7V05B6AEP^D.94DMPORUF.S:KK@VOZ-
F






J-87IJZU 



M7UVH68P\[OCQ&';NF:GITO=E

M


A)YKYB$F-WOQUM#VHUC241.OF3L=,,@
M1\8:U-GTWX4OL[02WZ1_)O=4@8N^ECH (*?KI+!5T0Y3?K89CV^QV?40(VR

?




MSA[*()&TUOS4HI+?)W#B$W\))0!GGJ LOD]D7'#'N#X].Y.S?9K;\[)O= F4





M^#25^$&8HQ3DP6 DU2E7N;LQ2.:#N&SK-O:0KC*D6TD!C;HE^TT[H3Z-_0L$
MTU[V^U[!?*+9F=U0$3FFQ$%:X&+=1YP!08?+RSPR&_LFN;^D\;?;37I/[P'



&$E-J(:$C-%IWG'2










2[U7#^N-]HHFH:?9S+$0X:XS1#_3_O.0NVVS?2.Y;AP


[+C@-3P%;*0L-TRQULW0*


7D$Y]-\A\LI(H=J=Q

M+63G&+EKEV C#:U4:U;TAJ&R 71?2NI\[]@$PZNX_ U02P


M;]LV$'_77W$P\M A51GPYL TG:;@66P6BP]F'8 RV=+:V2J))4G/SW.U*V


M^;(5&N]D\Z4N3;6:Y3


MIM+POBNQ? G@$[6)'S_QN^47$=]A


MK3:*


A[&1#I5MW^VO/R5D9[\.@NMH
IW:
MKGZR
J87VC2@(L^Y HWJLX0TCEE$=4&NL(0(;%Z]$08=NH_
M8&.CN.<+4C_CB+@Y2P,OBU \+J<J_T\<G:M;:GHZ^&6EO4*-G$\*XC+A*

AYE=

M96-W@;6=MCDD
)*T05#TP)5F5T0H4B&IR.ZO[PPERS+\412]2$-RYLU[0W*X

;Q
M.FJX4


8$I)@7/[ ?T7KQVU'+B%:RV_BLK5VZ (6 5'WDGW





M3F(HVHTV3OS-_3TCQWQU'A99MGR9$*+\9T)Y6%PDSPG%1;C.TG\GE%WD(19B

PHE+=@2P

6BX++SAC




O%MP=:M!M/W+]HAQLX










3

V$'WW5PR$%M@%#
N7

MX;HS]LE5S)Z^U4J[35)YW[Q+4Y=77 LW
PUK[!R
K87'U):I:RR+(B;5*EW.

MTD6R6GALRPK'Q;2[;H1)3^R
M_ZW96\S2$:60-6LGC2;+ATURMWBWNPKQ

VR$D=#N716^Q*Y/GM7AQQSOD3[:WQ@U
8
MEE;4]&:_W[^E7XS0Z]2C5LA(\P%WU^
N7\!=+.FCT;YR])
NN+@$2$%R9+H\
M
=TM7T5\X'Q&J\64EO/E_!6\U:A\%?%6+^)EGAZDRY5QK67Z\RYSWN*6_/4*
M^-4(?A7!K_YW6U_'_00TNIG1?^

+4*S(Z(?:Z$4[5H'.L[1W1!@12S\YG%W]Y9$

MVJK#^33B*$+IH**3


\;2@AFT.XZ;AW.O0$Z 3
M2-%
 F




IU
MV?O
49*I4A_QCS?)RQ
;&9*9CND(._6WDELPP) 1M_&)HG[9&XL?^YH?XM




5P,U_$BTFY@
M+LW1*!^J IZFL*]Z=:7R6UE4Z323_)VJ9
G/WLM
5#+A(D_X3WEA_KH11;4Y

M414E


M+.+R%D[BD

MR!ZO0O[%5


&$\\B+YP!XH/(O%VFKH_

)I\+JW%K3R.=@30RQ*(N



L'CHY(S9'6
MGC*B

%5Y7781A3* VTKM



BDV)^B8+&ZLV 0^T(*S9\I8PI0


MFTTEE#!2:PV\9PHL8_P;*KIJ +:&IU
M98HD89QL9S



U7L!2[^2UN+



MW2F^4[?&[^R_-LED7_=:L3?)9%]U#-=-
MG7O%;LJY!][6O%3H7L$Z\5QV%D


5]!A39X
M^OD3&WM@6S

%03

  $6AS



XBY!

MS*M(#=











ME6?7\;
:;WG2@T'4A3B



&@AL

ME
2(4T:4P5(C

=\^%(KD((ZB;AB/N[#(!)I$+%O^SI@,.ND%34C:)A

O,MZG)JC 1SQ)(DP
=T-


MEQ;&&6U2N.YV3Z:
.4)M(N7Z#!YZ^TI#2&RY+'\!&2B7!]&@.XI/?H!$\0Z+
M?C%)HFV2C'OA\R09G+R

QJI
MW9G=AIO.8



&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$V+GAM;*U636_;.!]^U<
-V/ ']G\T

M/B (O.[YAI4*0*#Q;X\Y/)@
BL?K1_17T7?XD@O'-T9]DJ7?7@X70RJY$JWR
M[\WN-??^G 6\PB@7G[3K9

M](5RKC6
OUUE3MO435_/V-U=K ZBU9G




M.+LV_P=U$XQ+O05YQ*M%6UF/['ATX2 8%Q@_);1#B;##P.A-!B.H(JPLZ'@X




'/Z2









MU'OD0& /!%INPTA+^9&W_.UK56^8HMV@1@]:57T:PLF*G'+;*JQ*G&O?WK9U

M:9 KZ.5Z'YRD^%%D$Q;Z+@N\P#M!+QST##6]\!%Z1C/V[W?SIE6 PG].T(P&
JWL84@






XI#.'P2F8K;6.8#KV ++8L5\ 0#+35OS

M5FHZYU B\-S0#S74:!$N;D8;PC1RXVE(9.O%HD'#E-75'3*()'=4E
8U2+-
M$;YZT[_2;Y$A!.1'7A[D?3R5CI6D]=#3B?2;-4P-F;$\ ^U3TCR[_-.#P:7
ME&O7A2 I^Z3#[;HJIQ(R2HK.OW$V6=XGM#Y&:$E**NR3XN%T!PIP'M1C'PZ
MJYCLBN3HC9


MILZU*]C3D(7!SX

M


':KNG[4Z*D
$:&9#Q%!8._QTD?Z@\.:Z:;N


WL2?:R\Z3R'C^'6T)\<CI$U8R_\+?<JS.Z&

ZT_ J.88%O3C
M2J2*]J ]46-QL[^( ;#_PEX^S]02P


ME?0C2 (T[8;UTYHM_4P[*#83Q4ECQ)CMM_/TIVO QH@V&[Q!+)]_A(F\RL


[A*UDH]N\MM/@\B)P@%9M8Q
M

X+423SRWQ3RX#'#:N%?5#-


YEQNX8EIS:0UL] 2


1O)4#OA0(&R5HVIR94\7[B0.U 28$

5JF ]


$%

3DN

MW#3WZX^4;

M]4364.%*+E7)#4[5=JIK!3RS1F4QC8)@/BVYJ$97%U9VIZXN9&




XN1P$!@@)20QXX?AYA#45!CA#&S];GJ-^2
M#(?CSOLG&SO&LN$:UK+X4V1F=SE:CE@&.6\*\TWN?X
VGAGY2V6A[7^V=[IQ


M O;7]48;A17Q]XDMDGZ+Q&Z1_$\*3UM_E098&$W8T$TW
0B[5O)1V!XXVT %
MN3#O&38C
SM@!^!*
W:VBA?^C(:MC[,H[M=/UDNVU7G-VM]H=TLZ-0B/XGF;N*M=[S: A

MPUT_%Q@&KU) J)W9F!VMOB
_1^Z(

MR=QNXW !QJ4]CMXX0I04JAZF[-7ZX
9ZZ. = 5MT43@)V+OVTZ9E,YG%5@4
MG7U;;6P^6:%=/(G1[ [P)*RH!FY[G)BJR8R]?]=]O8]]0';CU7O SK!O\%J

M^'C_5?A@**D

M? 



MT





M_Q8F+6L/F+CIV_Q4EEH]PM5G9L
M/$B/VLBR*28%92[J)W]J^G!6


VISLP71TTG6L
][JC71@
7&2P=


(HO((7
MMPV('5Y\ :_Q#6L\2&5RL8
?-QM-CE/S\PI\TL(G#C[Y5_V]#O]9&@06^_!7

M.%M9T VWJ#F1PX9&Q$

7P
*NS=.\0$U(

Q[UQ?P!LZ+




0$!!0 EJU_?LX!$*TWCZ?3%)L&]G+-[=H6SC?.?
M0\
FX
M5=H.+\[2V8V_.'-=--KRC:?0M:WRVRLV;G




MPV64 K_UGS-QD@@P/BRBSGL4XKCX?,^^LO$'5P6*OU
Y]T%9OSX9
A5;Q4








M5QH'H0-_9:.4I7+=(I);LZ?8





MT4\4F:R+WR24T0QW:25&BNIYI;9)\X?5WS
9)&GWQJ7K3(6/%  Y+'72OG==



'
#+-0
9


&R;/HR




M0%HC[N6AZ 
EC21B*5)+4JNX7]\9TE:]:+

M[I1VFZ3UOG^;IJYLL1-N87K4M%

MVL%NUV;P2FH\6'!#UPE[VJ
RXR;)DLO)]FTGA?2[;H7#1[1_](?+,W2:62
M'6HGC0:+]2;996_W-VP?#'Z5.+JK


R/G9*=@/CO@X![NS@17ARGQ]W.^^ ='WUCR11R^LUV@7\#/A




K'1A35FH
M2L_?'%V/7[V;3&@C_C3Z(T-/BNZRJPL[^C+I^S-T8A.I'.=UK1$@O_N]7N=
MY[02SO&76_2HW9,FAI_]ZA_Y\KC,++'Z?9G_TV3U\LW1U9'*]#QI\OISN?E%
MNPM-:;VTSW_JS8R=CH]4FECZW+E)N
$*U/(_\F#(T0PX6IT8

M
S4W15*D)LF5K?$#-*FVRA1IWF1:U4L=[1V =?$
:Z_62;%529&ILJG49EGF

!(&+2TK#*B3+0Q]5+]X_KZ!H;RK\: ^+ 1!:PJ


67K*F
X]E6)Y5M]P+GT[K!+7%Z








H *_VJR!7\ %9RGA49V@D4DS?4#'P$P


=_XYN8&7BTI_;,MA-JFI+?/1W96N__S+)
LL0442C)315;2F:&VK:(C8;L=9M=%





M-2RXU&7Y!@-RMLG:')1E]5V;^;BB7-5]\E9'^O
X.H)U.+LLS$!D)V2 UQ



MXFH?



M!K%*







*4
MKZ



='@@Z?(7OW^.PNJ

-V&L;P3 WJT8



MQRMR0WHEXL@&*(&*0IRWG$SGP.2/\+*J=UF.A\GN[$GH1^NF@@&5[-2KZ&-3
MP=Z29HOQ?:#/]I6:B@A'OR5%
T_26D2[KWYM!-/^_$J=.]''N2_=$G]J6+\\

'
M1^\RC.T*KTR21#XJ#/S*&84HEFM=E5V:M3-W*T9W#/)/=[+Y?N%@52 .*CRS
M8XX7*!\/=\$3!#/$R:41?2LDRSR2'4N@B:Q$F6:*!' 3L?BD&2@_.T-3N.






MY.A)A




M5]+HO)'##K LD@ YI!=NK2+Z0M0-;?G@.(PLQ0+!/%L%8BNR2Y)!4X_^#;
M3G#9 &OM!M]1+FW(^K68D&/'*Z+GGIYV W[5):G5Y6)3$I?J1\@W%=U]LS

MV)YN$;;H7;PDZ4@.?MG$^/1]PKI![)2TFO^BGDW'TWA\
95T[/3\*CY_.?:M





MO2)?V ]J)FW.QZ686IO8SP1\.XT5KG0M H?+Z'YO& \BILP)\=EUD@X6WL==



MLL-GAY%)?[@YK)3(K_





O[IT42)!U.JT?*(GM4&*/
M.JUPR1F[[QWA^D52GZ\(-FAI5W
&AU/$NV3)83X$_U+H2&W$6XX6$VCY]JN+

M(PLF']A!
M#\Y&)T

BN#9+^3 YBZTUY0F4WR:R30:/
WG[1#DX?VOXYC&DC
MZSV5
!^I=W#75+0W)L=!7.!
CK
X'9CW)?^XO6R;XXM=0=$UJA1ARXW#(H^W
MBP+

UUO
MJ+&-(!GUWE-ATTB-@$4T#EZQD%6X7IK)2R?T
HA0F%N/AUZ=[?IA)\
]K1^2
-HZZ]XZZB/7D+A04O+_U F[0'BS@1Z
M^\D@;O/U@(V6C%/P8@PE




/Y3W[;:B=:]D(AU=&_90YE;/H


&=02=W^Q6O7AP/ 9?(!(.T
.$.3PZ+!H%/W@NG3]9.(?DCO7W-/E#B8 ]:].R
MJL#*2@Z\NU!(+70FA0)'[,9[16=U8VOCV$M8G)S=-E9+:BRT(R1KUYV$QC#
M&PKKSNZ$;@IN1V-]F_ED;5G=[MI*)]-T]@V.* #%QT%$]8RDP=D![K;'PP

MQA#G'\22GS:TWH'/V-HK_@ _6,Y_PM02P,$%     @ MH.4I& Q 1^ @


<%K%

8/72OSDE6WF7NY!A6NV
M%?91[;[B/I^QPRN5
A.:,+M4NFL1QZ?Z4)ZOIE5.<7=S)%Y16Z3<X_\96
M LW%++$ZUZ#<H^Q[#'B3SB&.Z5M(V!+[+ZE^ @ 0-JN*#JF5\$O$&RTM(
M(A_B


$

M

V$+W[5PR$/22 $


MKW2'BK[LM&FYHZW9)[8SR.L :F7TK1(6BY4M%Z&LXU9+W7OI%X
6#[MN7F



+&7I!WS9&'@6










M-X5UI21VW3K&RH'
0U*IXS1)3N-2*A/-)N%LZ6836Y-6!I9.8%V6TCTO0-OM
M-.I'NX-;M=Z0/XAGDTJNX0[H:[5T[
4=2JY*

HT



0MZ!##-E]FDO'8G3T_-9H#C+PTAYC)3.81JQ=!/

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(X+GAM;-5868_;-A!^
MUZ\8&%O RBV[L/8-;!'@A9(BL7F0E'T@99HFUA)5$EZ'??7=X;2.M[#KI$&
M:/.0F!0YUS??#






+?W*9T'Z[X9/@


ML6
L
Z;YE:P^B](LSP?9 $H^9ZO*W

M2LI[HW!5H)R97LGFGBLC9A6'7Z7A&H:WO&*&E\:$CXVJI_=,&4VIS#\P'K









M9[T4Q1+U8:O71C](OK4=Z 8^]QH(3W3L/P#4!R
?HYHFHS1Z!7DV\KP#X(W\






:@G1^LTSKS,#5,?_B?9I(,;
M'R_6M3 ):7Q<+C$2O#T1GEW[_894#OW0C8.,E1YBK1*OC6E(?)P;TIQ8VIC







W;V4B6

MQJJB428$!9?UF]TU/&PHS



MGT.^D
;JBG+
&F R@W/
5ERNX

5]+XI68J'/:I8@_H6

MSJ);?%@S RD3:268$Z^
FS2Z$@VD4?%?DLPYC-AK,8G@?
M7'-S V<:$;BTA--8T(2+Y,?T]Y16//8<




M[63\YG:RK7G 9V2NB5'-VB?]AC9&N
:TTMH1=\P

M:.1T+R01QL2F:$W5K[_

MN]WSU'3J6W+STF=T!/4[;MX)?%.6B6!KT]Q6JJYA/Y3K8W+_?^
^09SQ)DDZ

'

ST/B7XB3%O<58.;?( ;)W#/4+F%
MFS+#[%^ D$EV3),#TU5R$O$:TP$,XSXD41*=P!MVE0\]WO_*K^6-E7:U@;A

NZ\AG'7V0]8FW*JL5@M[C27)_Q7;4TNT;W@0Y)+S]8[

M9*=^


M970S

M-59






L_E
B@U(8TUH9F!3


H9_W
$@X
MMGCQ.WA]BG^?+Y265!/_'
!
!LS$8B;OB=A5-(@EW# NX9&5+9K9U\:4GH+O


1*3.*CDJ#I#P@]+*I-8R\;$)V5_R9%U@7L.58DB(4@E K^E.F



MA6Z8CMTXB6D_-?M9/+ID=4[7IJGTT(TGF1O'
OO7;45RI5]4%'B[;6W:T[K YOEO/NJGXU


R+GAM;)U536_;

9?2=H&28!^;%@/[8*V

BZ#^=3;%GH^5;45
M7.)@ZG+DNFW*Q1J.POB8&=XX.O.D
XGU9LC8]HOU4+3;NP0\EYB=)P)4'C


B6
_X5M

MN8-:P7O-?J_'1P'=F$Y

@7
J;S=GCI@) 6J/

MF]ZMM)K3U&:P8:)&8!9R1@TFK+5#ZG57P(VI




1*Y[(A=G%]HXNUZQ

#$
(*@QQ/>8%$P$-'XN\6
MH7^RM5

M9-D&$X
RK]Q3/+?K\#







=T7D;5%O.*!XB*VKHBWD\Z 26G9J(08
M<(=Q+!*1Q/ Z<1K'TD:/1&$)HBB9+7TL.N.MK@P%J&C]TK8L@N#F0_OVD?;

M?Q\(A'Z#V62T
4_#Q2QVL


&SLV



JA[4]QF[L7;J[#LF_[ZR-'5(%CKW

M62T.;(]WJ+\==I(DIT=)BPJY*@0'B=G26GOS36C\&X?O!1[5V1E
);$0#T;X


M;@37N8)//




D=<(\3/<L-]]OU6

5TPOI;F ^Z*K*I*AZ@L$.I7E!-. &
M3PO-2N)L/ ?]

7XP;
HXG_BB
(F*RHU?&+1G]:#H:


' :5Q('LFA.X$0]!_8E9_ 5!+ P04



M^

R^P1
 A-U8%Q9\-W #G5A-R_+-3ZG5[6L'#YS?M
MOSKCT9@EU7 C^9^L
-7

\@!YI)K]TVV[=H)+L[7VLAZ

0+P3B)VA+9DSZY8:.I\JN27*KD9M

2=:V.G;W1&
MWPW5%2FA $4Y?R5
%6#62L!\P[0#30<!'Q*(JKP@5UI,;+#$-%HS.H;W7,#T%#I-PE!P1]RR+
MTS@[0YQUQ-D@\:)B36-SI6N\(O;02ZUZ67-3F)VE*:C\3%K=L(Z2<(H/G/\
M8;#/]


JED42$(A62JAV@'U^2DF47J)4<DEXL;O/F
MS3QSAN.-D




O


TY3

IR-FB=#3K#V8M9U6(R



?



TM
ODWX2:11V-DG*PY?S+!0SEU
M/
(*!3*5





MQ/W\-=;;AW'?2N ULO_*_K.9$%Y7(O /V^74LE]+WZ
M\PE#V#.$EB'Z@&&)&WU

*0P/J.^CE


G;MKK#RPVA$E$H=) ;S36%43;LMI \9U]]6NN
M= ^QPZWN\B!





?9&'N2X(ANF
M[T7]!=M\G
!






NU



4&26MMHME&G9O:VZR&%;:


MO;L&31E7[XW_E_MK].Z/]R-7&U8[HYLU7!^W7.0(US5DE\C'%XAXQ!MPG[[8

VFZ&



BEF!%
@U

OXR
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0P
M+GAM;(U5WV_:,!!^[OX**]I#*VT-22$I@=%L?.J%VW1ZF/9CD *N.G=F7



%MO'T+%\JN7;_9%/9]B*/I*5&F6_!






'0=W#:!*9'.4SCLR=/4AGDU4<'&;3WZN).:B5:Q7V.I8JUI3
MK];=:.**\,'ZU'2IJJF\TE0M[HZJ%1.:<%@:RLYEWVA25=NH)B@+5WD7$DT=
M=\.UZ;2@K('97TJ)NXEU4/?N\3]02P,$%     @ MH.4@BW9?9R @  608




\O$VOO#'YP:/1@3&PF:RD?[.2VF'N!#0@$
MY
8J
/P\PA4(884PC#^=IM
PY44/WEA=G
O\4@!&U8+

.M'.@+NX6


.R5

)=CGXFNZT

MA3=?U+@B-^1:&XZY0T%N:E




 V$#L=5F IC&;='H8]4-39(D*1*DG%
; ?OR
EJTKA: 6V




3I)%_%S7\.@3U_OM[9B')<1%;1%\XS1@;$7'=B
MKH?%#.3(GP]89FC^&G S[=Q




MX3-2]HO ITQ[-M36SY7!
&J:)*

M0J/\9GY-+XFF\7^%:9XA#XQ4*$N5LR/(9'1#%X9I6GOSX705NF.F'?7:
SH
M-83&;Z#UG:93:#^\@^Y]M?H'4$L#!!0    ( +: CE*S&P)&\PT  16   9

\3VN?EW=%?#NLI$R2Y8X*Y



.MNX(

 Z!'1UZ^6@:SF-JNCZJL@WJM01IY

AU3:)5#-D4@52IG(I4QPW4@)]W=[+



/1??*
/I.FZ(Z


MBGAV@9@E]G1 28E2\'8RKXPV: ^E

^!D7<=)X;S,]T@G(
M*-$ /-!L[[ZMCBHGWO%AI^7#%^@7Z+XW,I=/5H+Z[G9IZ);:W4_U%M97](W^
M;FMK*H$7IPG=CC38WD9)@9ZB%/8DJ,BF),08J1R2@+PM5U&,WXT@PP W?\*C
M:R1T5J.U\(@V_ =SQ!#D-O
PY7.XU

4UZA;=!1
M(S-,'3WM.TV,QW##WQ?K&W8:!M*M7W_7$&P6R?E@J 7]0I@3)F%'8(FNV'
M5LLYZ^GH-?L@U4IKR^Y
US1XQF5()_Q3!/$K)^%;=^)
8-OTCNT#E19;WFPE
M?Z8B


%?1P3\FU:NQ];%S+7Y:F



M3)YMF/)TXZ[(ZX V+_(EF2W%C-46
B;
LP13
MGB;\&





L5:



M7..[\R/O5-S]3Z^5='RLYU;%_KHJ[BL



&\;#6O%I_[:0'%04




MR4A]'E/]$\743Y1A##0&CZS^ :=_8E/8'7@)+


/NOP7
MM'XZ?G@.IL5R DXS L756IW*3-!E$Z87]+*)D+.)\ 1L8J(0XJG81
C91'@
M-C%1-EE$Z9


M6


MQ@4I*!7U$TGK-U6^HL^W?

M2P




S<3 S[?*-
M%L-

MWI*'

\!?EU
M


M8QX_@U!L$0+Z@RN0Z/


\34)2%\DO?53K1E
Y=YDF-]DF1(TG=4N$@XEWI
M#_%*X&



MMRQFT2:J4Z16D4?K@XLTLA/@3#)+INTBT_8'*$9?ZBK6*?+H?+1B=H+J1=8M

[7(!6:ZU?U6KH8R\!G\XR*]FCG(4[7+^^.5;AFJ[PY5N*PK0S$
M&!.Q&U-5&<[7*(DQ-7(94QM5\'@._EG]MQD?_,FQ.\S_5;%^TR3&;LB%[*:
MQZM:B\9MB-UM:JGXG@9*C
.0SE,!8_G^!VK6,9@B-U@)NR9!:7U)\
PJ6
M&L9.R&7L9%S!XQU[J3P1-WT_[JUQKV(W;V.J&][SFV\QM#(90QM5
%3I91O
M#


M6Z($.^B++4KG'I][=7F/.=US\4UN !3Z7N2EG#D;I:I[UY7)!@HF[W@%I7ZR


!ZYGP@]PL2F8 :


U-N

M)30
O '=1_


RI[A
3+UDI40YK'8CO

/ER 


M+GAM;)V4WV_:
!#'_Q4KVD

8I-Z/




'#-?O

M@T!!T;1X1G(*R(6TUVF(Q.Q.#HN6;]SP)1?XIE#T6#^^84F41

MI(R[M)


M:&5E=#0W+GAM;+5676_:




;E'/RB94$85!8G.

M+=GI#I]U#\.CC!E
$RJ0S1SBLU-S





M_


A9







<B! ZH77B3)5P8UDZ0NUI'1-G2H0_3(J.5&3O;=/TVBXIJ<I
M=G!CW3E78/^B#/IP6?2'OQ6?-QV9U!8R8XN+'B'*'Q'7TQDQ=\)GVQ?FKT





?L(-
M-H+(%9






M[PL+9:G+^&%%WP&HG0$]7RIE'R?N!=V7Q?074$L#!!0    ( +: CE)5*X$W

!3\

UGZ[ABSF3]A?6=:WG0%Q*Q;
:K!5D-*^^Y*W.80?@=SX !#4@
M.!70K@%M:[129FU-B)1*/@:A*G6;*9AL[%H[8;F9A=G2NA9JG$JFJ@*V*B

KR'VE^G6?/9K^QV?]D
MFNU3TAPTRPS.DN;@I&/ZONK@



MYTL^#+!S! PRXRB(?3S!!AS3-;'GRUI4&DZX'Y[Q_[)+]XN9D8T33[27.S
M' :] .4P)RMF;N7Z

/'QJ/M:JAP:;PS
MRKZE%F=&$\DY-38O1B

MO[T8A

M]![%.
8UAB:OAD?]!CM)%



M=#4R+GAM;)V574_;
!2&_XH5[8))@WRU24!M)&B'-JE(B([M8MJ%FYRV%HZ=

M:Q!F92U51=$

W=JGPB&^1
P*TBNJDJJIZO
M@
O=U N]UXD[MMFBG?#S24TWL 2\KV^5&?E]EI)5(#23@BA83[W+\.(JL_$N

U#2/






M^-8/ 0;'\!L9#8,2WI8\B[LAT3*NV-6TV?W%H?@R0$\3+,DH;I:4]/WZ4O

%9:C*H]DIK!RAK=XVL))I+R76WYB\ R@:8
M];64^#JP-U/_7\E? %!+ P04     V@(Y2MW9ZSE8

MLCYO


MJZX^5WGT;9&G



X

M/QP\[ =$



M

:-3O+)#2JV:R
[P2)

L5-[0'NR]6B!/2!(V@M(<FXS;G%HS0O1=4WXL/)Y^09W(JBX$ZT-WG+T3=B
M+.8K9P'8]S7EW.87YYPX O2:U:2M^0<M'CFA;ZN=U6W(,KMIU71CDZ0IR/(*
MW#,^^O_A;(W%YZUQ)X.'
! RLJZ7UE=H-N434.BD37G@]SM(IJF+YS9Q^N(



Q[76T8:RR6[:N1P$7G6S6ZL50+A.
MZQ$TB]65ZT8W^3J-P8*[*6^)-V

MJ[KGHDWB_$5\^0
FV%K^U2R@%*@TP!EW4_Y
=U1GZ[V[[HE*/(85&G /A-W9


 4
$))V:%_@H 42AH.
MS3S\X!AJ1-YXM (E\X9FZMV+2?L
1S/;6Q4;L4''7SD943LKDDP:F9DTQZ$G

4

3;B )


M9PSY

_

MX0-B\8)%C)/!&



MR=F%C7-):'.]4SB7!S7#%CS/K/J[ 7P 7U4.MBL%;E'.-S]QRJ4GN%;D8*

(WM)GV\E%)* 1? JC280B9H0Z9G*U(OOF

MCB%1D9SB!(5(@)CM.RX?6BPBE79TF)4\2

MPKS7O^

M7R25Z.69.=VA 4


UXTDL]
Q8:'^+HQ74.R8D

 :W_(E7OKF
/6CI1%:
M



M_@]W^XQM2[ 
S&#Y(:=%+#H^XTU'X@C)!C@#9S!*8 SD, 9G! XYX$. 
4
MNIJMNZ3XF,&SM=(=YL'PQ,-Z(6.JW-ZB:/!\3BJA?5Y,#S0*%'=$E&$D?#
ML3R=(]A#.
S'

9Q^\;$59)XG#
M;J+U2*:UG-\V)NRE1I_B3@KLIBJ/)!<?<[:YE:F].;G30? 1G+O?BR582N]
M/TWTK!AV$^E&

7%.MA-41O)43MNF%7Y&+K8$'83VZ!M


M]WSN\ZK*E_7C@M&8%:( __XASZOMB_B)H-W/5%W]'U!+ P04     V@(Y2

MVC 4AO_*4:1IG;3FBT*@ J31#VT7U:JB=A?3+DQR  L[SFPSRK^?[:0IW5*O




 \JW2@C=B$P&G9?TD]TTB


MC.2;X[G1HVJFX%K2W

I3D_CE*_R)9__=H:\H_Z+(P&?DH^RUEWVMT0]4&+B4B
MT%*C1*5!$HVA;^/\CG'8BSN)_+(DS+Q @Q9H\] WCWR.R;A(.D$\LO2
!OZ
M@+(6*//ZG-
?M
E:;_<7BE\2/7[O8G[/Z\+XD9\G!)S1YM:S]P6I82[NR]2_*&B@Z* \X




M#B*VG1C8V+_X'J[6



0$/;!$K@6:)P$$;0!3Q5L'3?9!


.NZ
D:A$?U
0'


MJ'HK'VUHE &B4HVBWJNEM^(TD9=DN'[0O*^\$2GU86*HQE$ WX Q15VS^@%






M[_[$
B!+


.;T^HA$]LRL4B@R2'/;(1&O<;JP
(0^9
4F( .(



M5;1]U6C5-=\4O6(]O6BY'YA8ZE@@Q84V#2ZO-$=1=+'%@^)KVSG.N=)]J+U=




DU3N7352B)+K5-9N('G




MJM /8O

M0]3A$#8.H4VT)K-IS9AFHX$4&Y#&FM3



8%28@J:@GZU71_S=;P)5 X



MI8'Q%+Z(.8P34ER8L]\_E4C_Z R$D1?%1[4_MHNBV!RJ@WS=O:94HES:7DU)






/9)TI

MPQ+4TV8A]
BM61*2 Y.$

F#9V2LK#A_-H.[9.)X

M

DZ-0I.C9%
MYT2*62$$


XL9-K?BZ!UH:)3?$-4MV#ZIA#F)MFP2)




WR%QJ;0H:C!F4.2\^J<O]3D< (+!



1.JQ
/\=;U6

AE(^2RD^D&LX^M






M//#5VKJ-







M;]8SD&B'5!\E=//TVM0LQVE  ].@WF0P5;_C]/FW&X]Z[=3/W*](I+ P)+
7-M D+1:@68-F;2^*7=#6D2U4$CV2

M%9


M?54Q\=\EE/RP\+#WU/&EV&R5Z?7\QW;P#VHK[L[H5M^IY(5%=2RX#42D^\
M]_C=)24FP([X5L!!'MTC

MJYD;.U4;K8LK:K

M5=0;](E+B:Z8T
\TC0




H

MVMO;+; 

M=(C
IK6GFL:1%#V1QAK9S
'6QJ(Q&\9-%T]:XBU#G(YWG4*-4N0$)39'*T)Y


XNN
JXA^R&A/X;$GB!]X^ DO^&^^^OA!/.

_WCOUJIE]9^M4_6/7I-@D49!T:J-:



   


!3]*U:T2JVT)7$^205(!39M#T@(


;.P#TW2Y$BI@];MKLH09B.?UA
F95:
D:0X%

MA21Y_*M C?J=JO!XO$?_IL5+

MI

MU1( UM2G$L;7

MWV/(Y\#^M*CW:U3_-NK]


/8M(/&EEM'QZG4N-2W




MTBRT(8=T_0)V

[:\QE;NI


+5U/GD7]WYG@64$7]R
MW.F#

M5

W4&3F0X(H5J;F7N\]8%Q1:OEBFNOR%714;A0[$A38RJ\&D

[-$-: \%Q 5 .BTOO*
MK-+I.3-L-E%R!\I&$YL=E

)YJ
M^(

&
MO.^?A
^[X7.
&[C7 K\]&^Z/6^!WY\-'QW7UJ=9I*!9I*#D&YS@NV%Z TPD
M]EKHWAL


MHK::NU/]0-@PHHNE
%P4Y)V1H/E:\!6/F3#IGGPE-39(=F;?.3M)_YU8M:

M]MDE?!% ?5_0#E^V?0_

M4K58+5] UU=-^@6:K!NRU5V^H


H

%NB


MYWGKO:


M_BL'80%:(+/EM[S!-M#$*=9A+8*FW3X
^T!)9XL(1:HD9=?#?OSN*%FU



B4OZCV?R$33P3MI<:Y<(O;.J]9Y
(TLIY4S1@8E!(

8/@(
QD\ 1@U@]%P/XP8P?JZ'20
(H??KV$/B%L*+


+!ST+W8'A^L-X.#@OWD&



MEL2DD\0O1F@@55Y1.VA8H$NM+#GB8Q2Z37W*$6Y

0EMY':[URN\Z:@
MZ!)TC'2WU4$<]^+XI.7ERV_RQ<3E.MN4Y^:XCN%32[3G&X'OJ(^XN);DO70
MM^Z4NTGH;TU&KW8$LX3!R6DH9TF*0@J@%

M5.0M9KP55F:-5G-'UEU#]S2TO$IEB:8&(YA@_C@ZDX?Q'4KNT=%?0O(P*'
2]HKW:4L75=MP[)QVP]=V^?OF#)?7Q'BZH=A3I]#
M:'D#K2\-'5'SP/?A]@-K_C=02P
$%     @ MH.4B[GQ&$B P  %!(   T
M  !X;]S='EL97



!%/1F)5




=$
CR \=C9L _RZ;X]ZE?1UO5+
'



_50M9G88F8&)ZB]P
M.$2N[15&


OB&V3!MX('%@4B_EVN\VGB'/-\'6$V?



 !96D*88 D\CCF *0 .&I*D]!P_.HZ0]
MIY+M[T37U!+ P04     V@(Y2EXJ[',     3 @  P   %]R96QS+RYR
M96QSG9*Y;L


P[PS=)_
O?S##5%

MW&
EC'%BM/XU@LD/['X 4$L#!!0    ( +: CE+ ]'+



M!?'$_I\PFM5*%VIFBK96C=_%T:HJ #9NH[=N)!I9J^EHOXN032DN&@]!$I?-
P[*I= EG+\476<FF4*(+KD.
M
0$8'PQ0'


M;
D29A5\C6LA =B+L'IJH=%^2-B%LA<
M/L!1BEOQ7-$KVLK:Q#('&-2!HGX%7(7BJ%P7:\!%.RV#VBX#3$FY9(62(S

MQ^DOHIP1
4OCIO5P[J:$H(E_I+60!7MQHU01L;NB

SR&*Y;!J-)^21F]@E9


M_CV*
2GSI










MSD=O74@3\_3[N




M%%

MA19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:%(JMD56AR*I09%4H
MLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:/(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ460M
M4&0M4&0M4&0M4&0M4&0M_E/69VN7?QP_///6U-TAGPW__YJ] 5!+ 0(4 Q0



4     V@(Y2&+'OP3T$  #&#P  &               @($.


4     V


M   ( +: CE*!'SM##0(  &@$   8               @;DB  !X;]W;W)K

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ MH.4HZ)^+1D @  104  !D

4




M A0#%     @ MH.4A_*M@C.!@  @!,  !D              (!!F
  'AL




O

4     V@(Y2_3/6WG




2YX;6Q0


-0@

M
C


4     V

4     V@(Y2[.TU $
%  !@

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +: CE*
0G&XP0  %P.   9               @1&V



Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (


M% 

4     V@(Y2




&UL4$L! A0#%     @ MH.4LLDPA#; P  N@X  !D

4


M=#0Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +: CE)5*X$W;0(  -\'   9


M='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     V@(Y2@DR3N'P  !C!@  &0

M Q0    ( +: CE*W=GK.5@P  +)*   9               @:T3 0!X;]W








M A0#%     @ MH.4M[[MNMQ @  . 8  !D              (!KS4! 'AL


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     V@(Y2*M]QLY8#


O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     V@(Y2K_2!,*,#   ?P  &0

M   ( +: CE+^D1P)4 0  &P-   9               @:A% 0!X;]W;W)K
6QE<RYX;6Q02P$% 
4     V
M@(Y2EXJ['
     3 @  P              @ %\30$ 7W)E;',O+G)E;'-0
M2P$% 
4     V@(Y2P/1RS/P$   W*P  #P              @ %E3@$



MU# =*ZQ^B_R$7Q&TXBNA8U6_@'^HF$,HE4*X\K'@7%D3[[: ;3 (4S4$/O
M$TWR+E$
($P?0B*R]VC*$3G\


M($
%?DFH='GSW^]^Q6I*D'5-




GI$K'39W

!S\')L4-#/$I^HHB]


MVZXYI=2

LT*
4:E
MM$XI)2;1GV808)X^$OZ)





O)-AF@S9D6TZL0TYF#P5MLDA

&R&$IC#&3?_]9

M]ZHPC!8AHG+R^%8K/(Q

PBFV=75@37W#


M^)9=YDM+DM22X5BWYAI^2*ET@DQ0POW$5OXS
D


H?S;%/@Y4?PKG/+D(R
M51'=I(8'(C$JYQE]=LQ'QW4B!Y42&I+CLE7BY4[.TGWD]Y1L4$-1(5_SZ]




H4KCDQ1(L6Q
L5F
MOZ*ZV/RALL:V2NN?E
W!8




H3$#B.1W'\E?9I@QH




&Z%?V

M]L;%T;2 ;6Q![*T1[

^
 E(EN:XSPQ'N7M


M-Q#1Z](W:=SU#ES^QJWO).5OW/\V'SJ5VC@5SE:.YEKIP\P/(H@NP.E2J19P
(1Y=0-P
-.*P@E_


S
 N&:

:!^_(FG=
J^N
7L:[$)??!NOI75$7'3478:ZBE/EBN];

8Y?J5=Z;U'3L.%T\!RMTK2G[_[L5
MR'5O\9R$M.'GSY?'(5' 0[?3^#4)U02JCJJ[


MCR? (Q]''JE7M@(YL%


'.\G(&OO.1-_O[E'7+Q0J;APV



933) _J_I/QS'&(\]@:2(YK$&T:O7
M^*-O!C;%\






M_/YP]3

M





MUZN&O2


&8C.4!@@/_+E
@C@

CQW%




8+NQ_8Z
'PEZWTZ3^

;<.3(]
MOKQ'Q^SBO<$1?P:G&S]!7E3FT9;G94DPYH662HS

N6[G

X988P:6$R)R*233$_&O

G9Z4W=%R


-T%O/5$%NOC6_;(
MG?E&KMQ BS=Z:I[=PPEOHQD*OLU

G#

_EZ8MIW\781-W S;BV-'

99EN@M2C'V&=F7\^?L.N0#/^

G*





. ]%'8DG]L=FXKD(;&'[2^Q?;LV2V3QU


S^92% A]'E/:#2C.M9UY

8P<KD0.)XHH[XLJ(ST/
&KXQ?264TAG

@

\=R&QLE


E349
MXV#..8]RDQ$FHJ;CC88UHGK(F&JJ
=$TY60VF2PNX_D1]X8B;@%W4FS.\;B0



MP OJ@
M#4T
XRQ$.L4$/'%K!D.DS(5%6CGG


X


 OX-.
M


M*-=*GO=IA5 8';U:





D
T\UV;
MNYECN_69U%MDU?_#6R1YHNO=%^@TL-Q?6*!9).D/-'



2- D9]MCFW09Y(G7O
MCWX'*[DE*&VU;7+O8D]@.)MFH
==Y7'KA/







M@(S0EG B+XEZ;C'73M(5(D;NT@RY+42UI^Y?.Y!(YE4IS_#K)ND($!N%#%$T


;/%7KLJEL$A=?D



=\P%F==T3:NU9NJ1;@(*$Q_H




MB$^96G'^ZG&^D
\**DW1'(+-[+QB.@G8!96804A-R1O/\N?HLQ^RYM]LV/]%


M7LMII=SPS69N3 A1PHJ9-YBFOO3#Z'9ZCYZ1M^R%401-EQ6I$!O+S=!T^N:;

M@&
[J#2FMRSQJE9
T!@P*DDJ=C+4Q4KV;@5'J7@#DZ0#Q? C X::9!B*.D $
M*W.Q6RPAUDB\(!PH@BPKJ*BB;!@'BN E X*BH2EBOPH3\M?


]](

MY3


SKWY$4G^:  D\




U=P:#&%5=YMMEY82??=
;4E$^&/D1/@ J
MG'K.):3B



ND0V/<T]XSL#79=.F*,7T68*&#RD,J-!%?\X0D[:00)?\HM%U3#@H8


.Q+J(&@']$27(VT SJ#;R

XSO

M

]68V$T;X
5LR@!L4_'DFSXE!R*15BQ52

;&!8^Y$_]3
M
/A8YNX-XL876K8#

9GX -@


4T[:%I<.5/-B +6A.[0]-:[;0@

MS9=8:@PF-EM)]R'B!M_A3];;T()T#GR ^Z


:!@*

MR9

M&(H




+9.2/V+*63+S##K//F^
M31T&+*:6&67/4YV2?(:7C#+@7HAQ'D
7@HPDP&63&$R9Y):3MLC)EXS  _



?HG%*I/0 8 TH=Q Z31A'B^A-).0#
2





MTX7]@$ =[WHV!L^9.O2B!$18IOA)NHEBA?N$2'321@MPP6*RQ-MG[FDP-0GS



DG S$O.#8DJ

V_G7+YH+77572M^ASC?









M\R-=4 8$O5/
0!:[VDOOX])?4IIA;7
MQ&157IUP7E(X#M9VC+E2<K'$Z2W,42WT)T*9]*0)5)2-*,@W#F+.+@Q)R<
MJISS/BL/ TO) /G1@W0U

MG(Z#*N4*:I0&?G(PI2G3Y-0^C_=P^$J)0I'B-6.&@1CH['-AT/45Z\
A.#
MQ9_8


MPPH(F5B?PZ%K
;N#6'!8&_WDQ!.FHT$E#F*I!31$1
U7BX0?R/

;48





MGET 2N/TS[Z[G*

=4J?B

.QJT!\;(

M\:8%62]A%MQ(3-+


MGZG1UDVQC5N51^=$F2Z'\N;Q5=/



N


MRQ!@)AU/2+W5B!JF)/1



^-)+*G[!FI(ZF+2XK/F=QIA*3$6^I^(%H5G @+



E


5T68UK2GB5FVQU_=R&/+5

MX:;U[$E&AI54B &#9)GN\=3GT+';S.5\B!RG$KGY%]YJ\-YSGG


M^O;TGB3=Z9(P+;FDF/ K*4E'[--G$E#+STV@H?

Z_%%L\



'L7B!F/'H;SG_\=^RW.6$<(8+ME4#SM'3LK*9O+#O
M9-BHI)<2O!@PN,OZO=#/I$@:*.GT&OML'DW!*MX @3A_.V# *J<*Y\46B'P

/7Q7HAYCVA5N)JUBTWQ*LFD50.M -HQQ$E4M&IJ
MO!BT\&+B'D


NH\R@(6;(







DJP')%HI+6;4D,TW6IC48JA0G32:!X8S $ ^5!X%Z#


M0')HIV5Z%1;1ZET@C;'; (? U/^BYZ
@CN1PLE X.'].'[L;V&^PXCI!%CT9
MBF=*ZWYE:87)L=4;Q*C2:4C









M-B%_T
6)8


M+3;D1$G?
F'F
ML/TEMM*W9AUNGKH+8\9!@T3M9+ALEH%V_.S-C#M[EW8]0!5'+[&-=RI$VN^


)X_YV[Q5$E7\J47(AKYQDMJQMW!'I'K(#@V!CSPZN(G
ME][4?/8#&D!<1O26.22-QX&[N1]5IVPVBS.O'(Y8,V0O770[_0)IPR3YA':_
M_8:^15ZC+X!2$.*4U_3


(T)*@&R%A7! HN40]


ME7VFZK!9'618;RWS=N85UDC@7N=PH37A!;L,V1M4^EZ]-,J;G05-W3(!D]



G]@_

R5@]EV_^O]XOW&TU6G_\-VE%YG!V[7CPIE?N^E*HZQ.

ZFN



\T

MV0@KX-T:B



M4S506T6ODZCN';V5J
'JAMZWR(J*W YK!EAW3XI.@BP*^IY)0?/@EX[W=)N5

U

^ HRZK\J'B^-5AVA(U25#D T7Q&Q.C

$$-JL8DK&^-L0^4-/RVNM=0\W0=(82]<69^P*W


4NZ9$-S7= Q&VI&/[%Z_]Z4T:-Z%5



M[C&(@0

MQK
X*U.5T57M/Y+< *Z95AO!;]E,S0H%CI!DCSL_8!
M9O-#@HO2IK:*YAW 5K@33K1LW$AB O/OH6../1Z3R]\:Y! <S= MH9.\Z60


M3XFQ30H&_H6]@2BI'/'.\$/7&=/^*%*MB_O:AC357SB=;5
[6&IWDJE(CW


[[[9YRK4_2UVKDOH/=SC7Z+2
M0F]U2FBRO
OY$IG
S;FC+AA'RS79_=!=+B36F1$TG=CEG
&*? RW_P][/S=5
M9&^8EII

;I23A7.Y()X99?MQC4YW&

R71\_
HJ%-
M%)&U%]/A
K



_G]+S/P


M3
[/SI0UASRK5&Q&L








U0]T3*33#-W0M7Z@:]8DM-1!

\N\

M/3=06!142=T?L)_ANN+
M

YXP:=M/X
M1DDWW[UH[]01)K%0?%:6EJFO4&O*F%
4S1#1HFNJBR+ G-H*D(/L=!ZD[F





.!K?&ZZ;N

7
X+FGF\U

MA#.IEM*]@1C3PHACFPUE' 5Z4N#A+1(4V%'-*4REW$KJ_SURIHY4ERF#77O
M L=PI;-Q;\7*/B;-'FH4![YJU[


[I:LG3&\

M:J0X(9GI9N


;%H+*I3^ P
M4?IBZ# 7./
YLAT
I_O&068JLI

M!E4QW.57CC2L


MT)-R4#5]HJMR63E

B\K-:3:H.8WB=82$


V

M=8'VW/F01OJFB/[G(LI48(!Q,&%5H.$$^!_%0L$\$D2RR*)JDFB?DR0/82
M
FS C3(1,_)#

M

MODPF??&7KLW-



M1WUYM]

\:$7
+-


=X]%T1]W]A!*2@I




\&*R/

=9@
M[&/=B91X/S3D!,HU\V\/3L8T95Y4)6.K</;FA(V@J1]@LG8RE+6-78HDUS/
MS[[W!

MF 9M8M)L=79*:LD?H-7I? BX6;?A6#;X;@K1QI8=!6T]%[!!Q%'CY7#?6
MD64%XP,E4M=PI'NK&6?8Z%3/Y'*G=-IY_F_781.Y
^E?3#3SHG4_0Q . 4R
M':[

M=#O+.3'IK/25S^@9N1+3N8*HJ$JNPE'_X.^'0$9/!K[[D=GY7N6WI(PNR
MINR/




X#FR*)$+PGFSHDK



.D.
S+=:\3L*6Q($F68DP'9UFS=('C


%Z[_AI(
GW%#






MG6M:9*V;'W3R6P5XPW;/#J?2!LZ. 23!6$B&:N%0YGRBVH;.*J&E^:L05@
M]T./#=M '3T$197R.2!'0X]UUF]]R+G6?.#[







M0*E1
&)Z2E


HR-@9?N
MK6A GI?ZR'IIB


M&$55(?]]_42MP6E^?T-1=945G#0=.G[PFW]A_6?I!-@0\?$;T=N=BRUGJ%V$

X#C)3/:F.[E)9AJ+BXL+2BK9


MN






M




!*@CXFY
_(?=;;Y9MV_?D'I^_'



MAF&2A%/S\^H;8_T-$P68?0QOX0H
).-'EE GON+- /I&9Y:47P5.!3@
_O(G

7K9XZIPP\\E



M3[EH=K[@5GSFM)YS=1_!U!ZN\3G2Q;;:_?XS)
^*'-XJV%WLH-B;%2[FKF



M1=#QET92V?
3(=;G5+R?3.0(6ZEGZV!_*^P2'HP\WZ/+7[FDBN]WTLBFP!P*




77Q\O2A\5&

M[?)E.6NJV(U^5:BR_Q?NF*







M_3Z+ZPTUFV.(B6R72=YO@\%JEPT:[!PO1Y1SW[(;[2WQ5&*78TC=S*[3VY
W




$X^3_X6AN/X

W WGK39[;2ZW6W!_1B



T JBLPD1.V6(/P2^MYH7J64

MBE?PG8Q'D3?;X%W_?^PG_W]PA\&('OW^)0H3A#$


0

E)(
T4?L#X
:


MG\0+MX NUQ@ */(J?%_]?#PRB%IZ;/FO8!CI#,D+&85Z#;ZC!+BN:F48DO

EXN%G
MI_FX3ZD%NIR=@[5^MV4730 LCDW/E=[W]..S!!G=TUMD/V#0X#% F00]R$



Q$_V_WFIV!Z8<LL;$&=BR]GS^.
M)M%UF83&.0)8VAJ_7!=V]+J]\3 $;^^:?'5UOV?K$L0$/M5[GN FUH_4*



9P3E]99T=-1=+SK=OF6W;-;=8%7)
M-N*7+U\R-X&


M6+SLM1I#6QZ3L.CCDC





M=2[&B^+I)'(QECVKI3&P
LU

MSQXY30O*@R425JOG$JS;

MDI

M_Q?NF 

M



?G#8&^\VP&9=#7$]27@X




JYV'.W


ME)4GX^](TBI-6:DS-JOM=*TS-NN
S3ICL\[8K#

MC
TZ.?HDP-KHE20*$\X@(SIKL_S-&B'Q=NO'_[^\V^@+M@\7].DS@!LQT
M/8H1L'9#& +?0QU3!#8X4\#?MSF[%O!;'@89XK#W*=ZQS0T
#2@\82 N6N




4U

8Q!@(.CC[43H)MPJ'W7^\9#MT;NIBJ4:89)^





M+.K8T(%B0YN*K:.-_JC[M*%@.G77\%;(??]#1B
OEK3_
!(_94#-=+!G^4\4

M


M
8;0Z)=MIEN%$[\4KCJ-=MG&M54X[%[0M&
X=B9-M_;X?R2+ZX6\!COPX5IV
MIVNUVB_JR#W(21OM#DJLWI&?] 4@J@+DAU?RG+2#7:N\_TCOO67MM7J0R;
MS7PIL7#9KG''Q'HUY$=\W;=^WTW#:





T-^W-_]D;1A9X









M%OR4;=EV&^/A MB-CH$&%?X0'BZY?A,^&*=S*2;21P!1(KOU$$T
VO-E'Z

8//
MA00FOK
U9[\@<
T:*

BW
M8.3-7)]@(1$$=R.-8(&&^!R(7]P(3H 097!E$&@AI(!8]@M!N2[-\!%*XF
M D'R@



9?\S:7;JY0UZTH7ZH596G[[MMWXKK3J.O/*]






IWH$*;*NC-LUL[U@ZJX4N4\G*'SWEN)4#:0U_7/4BU_?9_555Q


ZVRH+;M0BO




(R
MV+UDE6=$%+TB7%JY[




7@I





#JK'L%06W[[
^+KQJ-U



.)N'P%YG5:38)(_0B92$

7OCQG=N


3;3(7S7* <!X+;SJ58P]@
 ]?'\0E'Z!<DI ^D@P/ <Y8FV*$M(6\QZ:+?O@@L9T6

Q% =*Z& 'Y#SP!^V:*M




M877RS*6V?YSFFZ+;(+.
:Q-GJ/ \(CK?HUXB-TS[<A;ESPLUM


VQ%-1S N%]=SP(!5YP)QILS7D&P0L& \


ID[$#KBI_C*0R
MU^$6Q#$HA2'^)LY
V%
M@DW8*F;'9Y8+A11UD+^0?3RD,OEX:WY1XK:7F8:BVO%+0A_SR%'EL$<0]?7
M$B(WP&VV#+/V=N38X..RL4_.B/]ST66_&

L]'?@*-

!W#
:;S&G6LS

M_%&






$BO



$
/=^$A@YDS
M.\KB@!C



M):





H


%:?;NW;%US7+202;9@72\6YLH?7DR:]:=S
[3KJMDC47/7
MBM13K@:MJV;+X:FNFJVK9I_@$78 'I&I6G6
YBEJIVP1GW3-+.F/.S:QCA@=


M=9@EM][*M=+I6G:KK)%2D^: I!E@EX'!MF[YND!V72PNRW'E*L!0T*%CX0[#


* 1#V%
M2'6B97PG84T7B]/L3M]RVJVEJ3G+VQ)$-VD48=;K)\\=8C*-)VD1
+3[S?:*

?V@LV)16(6 65XI65C)
MG&A(6=M6K]VT.ET;4! ^!#K;\BEBZ$&

M^TTA*WF^3'25&]VWK4';L1Y?BK]


TK
M99-[S]CMD





M8C^

-7ZB@_J.*EY=_-IB^OH








M7HF'.U

MJ4CO9)K'E$&;_V7T =]1L95*N[ E8?X T]X:XAOZ12^1D.5C4.(_!1'X-0

?B;W!79^)C


]5/(C' $73\
PN:
9]?&=^[N:
M+#^)W-E

MT1:2@%4F$7QW$D93]+/13$
WOYQ@




B+6?9H01'80OOZ1^I!]P-^P7PCM)44'2PP9
II$8L
 H(GO

/PB3OT$3S%7
W#AK0^G
M^)78.

@9-BP C=B/SV





M-Q$.FY\+BLKE_ZE=30OF*6P*-Q\_#)3(Y&CN\#[ U0[1LNM=Z\_?N?=WJ&[
M7ZU#WIT_TA%!P9CI5)@J0DM\-?OF!?F9R:Z]3-?6+Y\-[N[!^&H3#6$;W

0QS@D\JDT*) V21$# 5H5K+#/+4

$484:(G@(_0/.N.8&8M22V*56Z(8TSB$$D+GR3@M8!PS!I2_)2HQ
MA^!A_P
0R)3C2]1']&XC/5K


K(C2**



/1]8;=:


+PIP
M%%N#26:

0=(+!
M6*)1K:X.?TD-N

ME1LDOO;RJ3WIC6$/;4-\- /3;&*AYXV]LZU.4ZQ@A1@
Q+^!C'GP?)\.]QD-

\^ \%3*/P
Z


MG/.&/.7+6S 



*ABP:R\E92


GX%



&VO ]9=)5KXHVLX)F;O+C


MHZ30$C+QN45CR0QFA4

L\14B13%=]Y
Z=I3\N^1+UU%:S)M62]LK!K)B2\Q

MRJJJ*&X4+[3*F\ :G1R%GU
N5.Z@UVVK


M[P5'@N$'#'-2AF=F^E%ZVD1&5%N.GIEPR.Z]#\J\5%!8Q3-XRL


4P!\6WP(5Y=!B=N5[X
5B



Y_1DJ-(
M2W1T Q7R0?/

M09$]#%2PF


T


75SSWK)NBCR?K?]HFK

:@36.



5:
M&D'S 56K+?2=J8(4:HJ/UM*
760(UW4A@4@U9J.L6_TM;U+

Z(63G/540(S

2B7757L0O%I-*U40\1E*00U.$VB?VX@VR
D6KY;G9G@ K0K<F
M Y

0UQ
L)W+':JXB3OSX]@^4 -VKIJ.:O?M9.5.LF[A:





M[Y$.

M5D6JS\
W]




/)6TEF#(GQ(


MZTON)[B&=DHO7W4SN=_D*

/X4SU3&M/,<(
MTB4XF;<&3VBA@T0LDE
FF?!PT7Y]9VZ')
O/7D(K[!K ^?EHS#$A)W5U\ X

 0/X(&%*:J)%;NZ=+MMJSL\%FB@J7Z4ZCF

M:U7=IW*%S&QE[5U#JT%/0




PT;N9Z=

M

&KZP'
 -&JDW?B*





1:54*NXY3D!E3U


L/\%







MF@Y]F^




3MNES


Y^K*A,I+D'PT47B9K<EFV[O
ML(/IJBYYY-0MW2.OTR#ATM_Z /YF[0?74^GA#N[8ZT)%</TG?(3=?\98I
T

M[]7:'7;&.3NXWU^QI^Z'2

MHYKTL9A[DNI&@H*B=KQR^VH_ OODFXP:=F/L3O-*AP=
^@Y0F8'' 4RE?L]J





GVW*M5^YD]?%
M#*U[]

/C7Y1^PWP^3SX(5


MG=;#SG&N/J!N=P(#@+C')?[2J-3XYOT0O^7*$%9%NI




M'LPI3
$
-7F[T4(_UJQX/ELINST$1'9[J(.SXBDM&9:^S

C0H:5




&*JFXRBQA



FJK%A0DVP237ZP*.$/;'+CC 5+64?_6($




XSYI;^A#%0H1UC-3%V2 SM8U[&N8?Q


M_C*KR=WD46KFA

MJ^5RVXU2]CXO!K=

M%)'D/AY)%_$3BI8;S=3(UFY3?O3

A=1Z&)QW7SV8_9AGS!

#(P
3(S

M==76=C\HMIQ.TO'$

MT[.+BSWG+W_^K_]TX+\/_ST8.&.

.K#]!85^1#[?7N1L%W&\
M.MK??WQ\?!5&#^YC1+[25UZT[

M'OS5&?_FC
;7KYYF(
S(C8$.JH= =O 3_#/\Z6[XYFCX[NCPW=\[/C1VXX3F



;0TL%DZ R<K'GY
MIQOZCN#EE)A]V*^S*3%/*/)OPC_SWRL0 =CP1I=0D#9

M99.T(-/V1OH_=0
L6_[JYXYX<*XQ^WTAYKNC-[&;%UF7PM-3A&^KT

4OT'U

GA<EL%P
YQ-0FH=19HENM'K3_
P6IA#.
M!A%-&)V$EQY]RCX.@5C)^.\E0:Z!] E(BD
T?QIU[-[^MJSAMNI18G)()%


MR/L*73E&'GL4_)H3=SE9K2XC-\W2M%+I-?]:&CA2?D[!T$DYP@)Q
OG185RW



6@G?)V
MJLRWTE*7&




:R4G=]NA7?-2)8-T;.-WD!2_-LSE[G=YE-F+LNVTA'H#2/%T.H$





HMDZUY2.Z-Y


M_-B#BJO(1T%UR\VWXJYW ?E[-)4+5';85*.%FSQGR!=U'-*40TJKG!24PU'M




M-'Z QM([%
+Y943I&4R=:^C










ET!&B'L$K 41(
MMUG3WO(*F *CWJ9^;#Q9;1XZ<M?\G(()TLVFI2FM_XM-^^?/KK_EDLB_X$]

4RVZIKK+7#O]
R#,D*,HN8]G29 MS^OBM=#:*BK$'80MRT=(_!\$$?.GGTZ@N:=

M ;G'0N(IC!?8*T*2-BI+I1NS][6(98W]^GF4Q:J;CMPXE[17BPW7/SZT?KG9
M37PJ5IO0\L+NAODF*[32%YLI


1\

M.ZSS;5TGH9]U:I'=RL8YAD^
?!.2C@_U!KE7O  CT\.)O)M@)G83T*&\_T=%
M8FE\PD*HF]G'*/+9AK\TM3R- EB]KV $Q)5%?5=B6U\EE-X\CR.B#ELT%+:*
M57JI SV'C98B
(X[*VE[5N=J6W8OI6- *6)H?A,51*M,[4-HN5?.DMB*&ML
M@%Q+ 5XAMI1OR _FE9L]R







FH?TEN4'N[.[T$EZ&[!CL0*
MBX_\;F93-Y#R8YNVMD;N
[5 9_8A':F1CNQ!6AT\KK%^ 5:I-XY]L]].R:

M^=ESU3E146$36FE(::@SCEGEM+9YJS00@P9O9OP%K2^6I=GA^9X'C068VAKP
M62R


6397&41??H35]L-!8;QS[A1JR7&P<:?Z=
M?\-F;3LS:_(G\\H:XWC+7WOH
]2=*(W+4_W^0R]11UKC


:E:=C8;^%N_H\-ZQ7[
M^J5\!

L0.Y]&]8)2KC

C Q
M
C
PDC'ZT?K7]E'X2



3.TGCZJ%'+T?%
M?SGX3[X7?/M$?SS8

'@^/CXZFA_]S=7GG+
G*

WWJ2\35*8N]3
MG)%W&3IVDEE:YV





\4V#NGGAH1
M;?#'CQD1]1L9#1

/$?UCQR:#&



\
M?&3[^
4CD1TYRTVY28%)REIQ;Y:B]KC!

M\-O'8X?*QGG-M 8AJ)XFTH+:KS
DBB2X5O.]\F



CT\WMV1-$YG@-0ML

MRR?P
%TGCR:-OK0ZKV0^(G

M[XFZ_ NW?1+H=KLU SE)'*L,((@YO/!M$1O1T[#/-BK6L6(PYAZ0(IFXH$=
ME/+*%S)I%M(

M.35.+\W;9Z*HQY3X0!08O(JE3%C_)(T



B5EL'F!D!@4!?*):-4U3MG+LS3..--2 Q



$Z
M)=%XW:$.6C]RAHW33ZU ^XP\=)^CB
;C]/-!OW[D#!NGGV84794D=^JIPZG
MKX_Z]8430(]ZXQ0RW,Y^^?W$?:('MCM5WS!TU'M03@I_TVCE'E4&SH5N/7I



VEVH]^5M!4A
M29/









M4/?J+E1):V% 2LXT+L^,2CQM2[:LD,79#N11RK
03GQFFKXBWOV42;.R&6






H%2.6%Z#-HOVY^6;A[AMT%74C

(Q6


-QZ
ZNMR

&6[BQ

MHR




M:%L







F%CW2

XC0B]#ILCRR[S;M%96WS6%N%@5WBK6UY\HG]H$UT;/QA-W?G*.HW3HS:-


D
MAA6
1@%


MR&-EK4577[ XAP2)K#'X


:;!YS/A$?+ )+K+X;=#6
2@F
M[VDB4\ BXR956

N
D9='V.()NAMTRXAF'


);(LV'2
MDNPM1UF?





=2%
M]\IMX1IBF/MGXC^1JS!(EI(

)\Y3:2F;S'?4_0[E/(P[](
M:+C;L&.M%Q[V[4(C9]([KB/@]EE

M[2N48YA
ZZR6A5YEDVXV][W9T=J*4AJLC BK1@4MGG!'*97806QM$*FXF%J;




+N0B UD4'H)R:6&S9DO&Z


MRH(%# LS5/!7LB0\L

MZZQ-F7$E5))BV4E#J(%E6Q5%5D:2$=*L!/:+1R*8[
PBYVMG'E]YZI

Y:I&)M@CE-



MST=NO
IT

S 

MK+5_R885]-
C
'I3X'RU]L
-(31J/?


M5LB^6H=!?MI]31+&LKK[)G[@7
!ORJI1NUX^COX%#[3*)]:EQK1)U+^\5**0

MJ.S8!^9P7K$5]*CI






MH5ZS'U]3+*



(5JP
M295^N@_L]=7#PP6VI2NL:O]NJ#W&5'NI%@LE_1Y))4,59NO?K1DO0E:#I.
M-]2?H

RN5 )4-FZ;HJ42!.H6N7:T8



HC )TN
9TK_;O


M-XB=[E05H_5#O!FA2Y:CJ

MLCZ97E ]Y

M'Y+ML[N@/WS!#O)4C1D]/[=_Z13
DW&SE-1SNJ5D9Z-3^F3\C!#3UA

T[6PW:(U]Q<#8S 9XA^E+87M[HFD[V1VB) Y03=X:#.@BM&._LJ3U(IG$
M6S]@/PEYO$04DR4*Z#8O;]S(QMSA(WK4!DI#&M_KWU]@0H[I&_9
 ?AN!\YL

7T%5K]$C\B-T])Q8




!QXJR$E\0]!\TG^7_BD@2(7V+@0-N
MNFPD?(O.]PV'
A[N=AQ!0'\T]AV_1-_C7UJ^T7EWXP%5YT+D)3(/Q629:0]C
7,IG3
MI71!\X;=:LE0&PV TJ'-1?@SK@#M<$ 4Q(T572O#HKCCE4?FK '*D3'5B25

]MAS



M

8+^^


E@









MC6XI#N\#%!
$@LC:0\UU97II^XIA19; -U+OK'O&Y(I8J56G:J+(LH&SPICB


J

M..2:N;
\]#S\G14C.











M!EP-S5P
-+'Y+=Z,DL$H<O?LRTLM57P\FZLN2U6D1@KI28OB!3B
MXHY.V@()ZD4I*:CM1R:*M53IK2&T_IC07RY/NAIO3&1N=J%/)HFLUR2F\\


MDT7@/H2%/43]%0&[F(N2$N4*&YXAC=NJI3'5#)JU*GN-BV1.ELW)LOGC6#;+
M4X78K

M7BD)M=)JOJ?ICI:R4+D$PY-IUYIZZ#MJ@N6TG.^9O%()B08%W&WFS2FLM*?K
MGU-8Z116^L.%E3;-+SVTDZEA?FFA#VGX:;AQU.[0UO.&4;LBZ_B!7L/3S0H'
MX2T*ULPJ*L]:30W=#44$PTJO%F R*Q-8 =-UDAL7 &&X'[ H;(U?C[O ;
M- CGQU\=?L=WZYP1&S?.77O5R%?B,G8;-!YII,+K+7!6_%$ 18UPY%5=)D
M,26-QYE_?#&PE7FD/LX_+W
6Q8(SRH;..ZCZT2V!Q^F@::&;B5@@L&-G7[A
M_^F&J_BB ;OYNW(?;O&I'[KA
[AL\;B4#3+\85T


MP7 70Y
ADP5JS9:%7!;2PY=7TUG9D

M-Y!-CJZYMQ'.@'%64B96&1A-OSV\UU-MS$:O&'55  P'^*U_I:1D=)K;[;

TVP_M !W9!#G
84[9MA/Q;7(W'3UOVES9S_$M.
;9
MACW?82EC52X ]O

ME(MCN7AMYV]U)2'I\TW'2ER#(+UM&UP#H81)J X3M_'\K:Y=U5 X=@&@=K7
MFP2_8-)G?@%X[JTTG.]KNC:EG(J$2S $@]Y5M)B\ZWJ3YX==^8J 
69^2^Q
MOTC^@#%J-H[Y$+;A!SSM&)0WXYQN P)$PFO*42P


J*)8[#



(]K./
(99FR8*K$#XJO?2K+9RJ0[4%8C-D^P

MH2JV

+.0S8Y]K
U8-RFK]3/



M

@%)H0ERCA]NEN,'+)*O&JBTOTJ[F8Z;( HB=7AL-





M%#*APCW

G+ 
C/7ZV
CM-&\KS*M0,XM; GD*U^WQ/5VK)9HD0E-B


FV9K+E*J4/85[Z+$VV0M
M F4$Y6R[P\9D:_/6^.FP-=L;$RS=3U6^5#2*JHVARU(J?5OJ9KP&# UL/\V(



*(8%1@1
%5


]O.I
2S:8MA3G1A7DL#VYV9?XU8-EW7



M[C\H])?U6R&SI4SX2GUUY7UJ@H0Z(Q L'_1N!*:
YH)%Q#ADIHSFYFW7IHSF


M76
C=IJS 6&CV\18B\6ILM DLK'6V6 (FS*AX$

MY5@M87^S37/-I&:3SLGN; D#H?RG$P:L-HCZI200J N8F@C+/WZ8#;9*O@


;^-L7



!V%=Z$]Y-B!??5MBCVDE._XXVF?PD

M+5*0.Y91/\@!HQT2+$0E+N/#+H.LW(=;?$HG]! V%OXE TRL&5(H0 
#5Y





&P[N^ZD+#?-(

JPD^B]4
M;NL(3A!

:A3\DX5V

M=R) \Q'M0H0

'!V[%D

WVJ*[6R4:*$%2Q#
FBV.?$Z2)$Q;




5MFMQ
RXX5S$D3Y;ASPQGU-1O&AFR J&B^X1C@!4(.875R
MF1G4]A=HPX\HQEC4SVSD&K  HJ;7')P4V0[=.P^=H#M!O9!*PU'@PJ49!**M
M'128U*[1PD6/*#T09LX-P!G


U*X=XGF
1G
D$



;#4W

M6EF3C:]@

\;!2JTQO?H%)U; H4




M;F)RTI^LE KILCZ9TK33Z\,2!934RU!AIA6Q/RW)1RP0C(3MMU^@[;GO=J

MX:OWM*RW*X%%-LCP]6G$0 @ 4ZP_;$(]&QU8&IFFJ#^\3:NC

MUO 5=*9Z6WIE:NJ\\J/4VS*N'E25.G.V4(V+;0U=H+EAL2UA-67-J:?:WK#=

M )%P^%E20








./VR&*%G
C+:KRT







MH


M%'&_



MK]$##I@N9*,)G3-OMQ-3V<V5TF3=/5LQ57DWPK[*=L
;8*K9BJP/A58[^'*
M3O&EA&]?\MJ96S88YJIG=XF2S)

!CI

XC?7==6\FS2.]0#I)\


!U!*
MO
+B
:09Y
+].W(=-WQ6

'

Z])U+
M[-N;;PJI(.'


_ UU9RUR8K]O_LSOVC[3$A7
2

%*#!U

MRI-%X

#3I=OA8(.83Y


Y<^
M\P+;+(GPO4LW3XB0300U\.)(^YDK?77RS=PZ,@OF)F&YV(-5,'IRNYB+DA+E
ME


M[+L_T__U_L]/[__RT_L??OKPP_]G^=$B*


MF6;\#%)*L/]ZUXB]8W]Z]_[#N^_?_^DMC[YJ&I^W8);&^ $O$*_F3\5V0]F;


?OC#?U7#R)^*^BDB:
&)M
M8X'Y%_C$4)?=EIZ&O7)C9LW33%IW7N0BR)]YN7E6?
LFU&]Q7.3LO]ZQ_WKW




B.#RR*3'J&%8IG2NAKX'9@(?5VE6/.%L?8&?BR?Z

J+?
@

+K\J$G
M (8/


MO:6%3@$
^M9J



)
M$9IP_TX%T4YRWC/H1YP1G)_?<@]5DKS@7/^$7_OS'C8P&XMB$[8.SUL$0H/


BOGD:]
M;AJ^&IDYV


*WE%7EC_]([ENH4G$;1
M
O$O3. AMTII,F]DK4+2^T)]-J65^\4)]*JP1!\L)T
M(BWP@BH FT8Z,1=O2/!,8A8F)0YR7=P:@XZGV)AJ^(J0F**=Y*-02FL6AI!

ZEAS6Z?-O@L
H%)(]&/T;1)\_4

TU%78-J Q4-0R(_FIQ3@DY3F

MHC98PAHAR=_M2#Z*TLE#HRG;!]_MSAE3SJ6V/#J3B'K--;#FXOX)M
$ RG



 2ES=0!_'%%)SO[*?[V)TRW&.7-Z?L-AR6ZX-)VOEW?WWM\


-G=CU\YLDO59]PV$+)MS^J)J&P
M40

'3)++H
M9:F8N[&L!KD;SZ(

/@AP50US']YPWLP=V5*UI[Q9RP&]5Q


(IJG

^]T(35Q78=05GIT%:5Y8TD AZ8X'6J@[(DC%@#!!ATV@ A5VRX5@&ZYP
M^,=]1M?Q_.4D_=<R^0!H^Q4'#H76X'O^!IKY8'PQ0JD.(%46FBGAFH]]YOZ
M*IO

M^?NW;&2NUSZPKBWERQ)*5GE@IU&C/

J
M-LR.9:?MG6*3(0O[DMO*Z?_\=O;UY@!9?OE6X3D373! U?U%) 5W%I( Z2
M/'*
L8B;[LV!C[!<!N6=LK
M@*RQ7A3)[-



Q0P

M@_BO.





M/@5]&A54Z:!:R0N%KL-%=EI&A)9V6A0X+_C+=\6YG$[8%8'
=J3I2/JA

9


.AD$OR0%VJ=67
M $,B*2S!VX8+0:)?8UAQ0A!UCTQ%'!%?@P$@=%$CD[E=Q-PG9]@T(9E4V=O


MQ$IHV5M:#T6=^R(N*20#UZ5




H/OFR:U/;9 0I&J-*Y01MF!*W1;A1XY
C.YZ

MF1+*F-:[=/&NI/]1V3M B[1A[C ZLB[?PKADU]0?TS1Z);%Z66JCZG9U;U^9

( 9K]C;D'X 

M)M!=TJEDP1#- %XC*[%8=G JU=I_I8UZL7]!!7\MHE/*0+O!L2/).8% 3G




M/%( EG!H( F-/W)X*NZ\U-(PR



R7ZSV46
MK&'PJ)

M;+K &7D)6-PVZ[




MD2DSWO?VHDH7(9.PLP-K(^#V[%HI2JKM@GE49\'&#W.+/0 G KH?=
2E#X
M-A;PD9P2)

MAA
'L$=8VK


M&

6*(]9QCU?.8('*Z.?


64@A]-D5P8
W13 9!-BFFB(]N_HPX\:

?OO^A$:^)R 

MN[YW#W:[!EB''4I\\C./7+)A@




+32XQ.CP3-IM

M.KH8
.2=CEW
O
A+@D'B\S0O[A8U).5TT)-Q.[U*X/7GTXX &++(4(DS9L[?

M
1]I@:&:'4S!:

)0Z&8V:
BH^%W3IUM6%P<2K@&3<^TT^EN9%U6E?@VR+$B4
M&8


Z%VN4EOBU9:*[!:]_QU5VT!2*!IQ:F$L^[U?A+KVG
ME02&[7O!%_8'=6$HJ$H#ZS9M&./3+ 







]'&T/M5A6')W51OY3QZ5:=HXB%7-V


G]?AE]C;(M CH)H$#CP$K L%
 9&-H#U
N#H1\&X:IB'


UL





MRMO!\X$;2WE&?:#O@+%8
U9N.-0ZGV)O1K+F8]R_F8U!]E?V[Y!9P3*O3\=W

W.


M\6D8IJ4BGHV=GKO\TR.JL4L_;:'DG5]CD0I.WUR5N1D&C3)?($6U.ET?5?HS
.9
MH**Z&'?/5N5Y58S2/A^Q2G*J&$2]$\<.G\V35E@Y5.2Q7G1WJA)AYX%6E8%





O:RD V^W




MB4+/%^^TU513ZH$DH$ZI&8:\GBKH%.(=NO:22;5]?S6M(Z@X8N%N@J_@W$
M03)/CE$


M(]8D5:H!4*X5NUB
;&B


MWGMW#?788[_CCJ

A@OUP



E


MS6V5P7!Q+&)A'9XF[_CJN[
=3Z)9?&M4!X\J)\K*;K
C!OV#U
FEN#NJG%S%


M4-40UK-#SPEJC.N2ZR5#':
ZKPI'156ZX&DVTXCHWYKQ#!/IHLSE+Q:L-)QQ
MV0YZ2U2]. P66F$4LD'VKS&K)!_OTL6[N9-\- &&NB&1^V-DY^761*.53RU3





FFLFRM2HP.*6\SC.8+PL]

*F5P+#




M8=\'U/ _94&2


MGM3#=);EGCKXQ_D*AW_0W5.!.=/IOY99L+Y)@T1EMT9IN@P+






M__3RCGFPF*:0SFCIY!&$
0!8;%M2-)4\YV$#EC@)Q\P-(\MP&H5E2O5Z$2K&

Y@S:VV7W!Q9

Z6E_ ^*N+/* JEHQFLXRA-9Z?]XZK2
MGO;;J7GGW'BLPHOZG1+Z]4 OD _E



N 5##+U9E


M0R0S1HG[_TZ#&QZN@9@*$(95::)
::2&^0ZYN54UTUY%NLZRMV_EAPG)II8'

1TT#W'6&N$+75=
G-4
M=;JLM%($P\@Q:!7!9'.TDX=!Q3;@GIUM5(M[B99H8?E4LDYI]8*SYS3'-UI'




E
M40T0%VVQ2DYKN2:WG1W=F?S!'E=DLZERM#]2G6)S].\6;)H?<1L-9WYC8VK

O;*JL34[DLM&
H T[XSZIV : LC9).P4^$
M
!N3I)8&8Y&
6)O2?8?6(:LSESOAB7/)Y


MA+/U!.[9%N.'C^



)WA!QEXK32C1#_TG5UT^ $87!W (


T7
MNB

MK3'YC


4D)




'7O5:++

/L[F//JF+XE/'IOD&C &R
MNS=61R!DQL-X[6Q2]^

)]Z:78MG$MFZ+X\*WY_8(XOPP[J_0G^2PQ.P2=+V?%R0,XB;
M2C5. /GO*$ED/*VUT@1AMO5GM19J\ VW\:1V%PVW/:%]@;+(;6\R'H+73Q1C



AQ6CT7I





M'9.&NP2X5M!W26^UXMYG:'N


 5K9^%N


NJPKTSKT&MYY-PJF8/9ZIF[!G@OTW[S8)W.S(O9
MU&_Q6_'TBN

M0?;TFAZDJ=JRX-)\4-WI[*X+.E)2]]%+N/SA:+E
/S\^GH:A-.!\[E9Y3T:S






:






!9U=8
M4F#M=57O5^_]K80T[.!:!A$N--?#GX!D+


M$I)-$*/G(.8)T



MLS#+Q78W0^0?666%JW(7'W2:?'SVANL_0IOK:V!&W.Q55 W+927EZ;:8KN*?

M)_GOE8]T+9G?I'F.\[OD\JV@Z\J2Y*O*1T%ULFE4^OU[
+UDCU4
=]L5KI(;
M/ 
Y;))5I+J4C2#3L'E*L ,O$LTM308?ADA#FG%(EX$KPYZ*78WK
!H!_?
MW2VI3MK9!M\


MQJD?#R6-CH


3-M0$I3X+;<Y1'7S?O:;A1^<8!2RXP=X4A
M+]B**(*X%ZXH0$OI






N^<:@



MQC9%/D:Y#LR7


 S2
MH1

S-/U =Z=M!U=PR6-RJ,RY]TS 1&.
M:9

M/O0Z8.812Z!RMK4/[^#D+.O7Y%?
#R.3NEPY:XC4'.?V0^^*IU[OAB_-DZ
M^TJJC:Y##

HBOL/)J/.[6S,X@-6W=_6/8&@R
M11:

MH*T!]ZS'D/2 GJ1:5LSP&G5L*1#YK'N#.JZ(8V6O_@&JZ9DI4-+2#X_9WQC*

2'E<5Y
M'_N8/BD0R=$RN:D:6GT&Y-'7$%+H3D'. /?:VCBY*YP=U7CS]97KR\^OM5

MDQXDE_*X3X-9\KJMK_BNMYOTG$W%:54LXM_7IEUV/
*?S6WTK&BC7W#.FB6)
MF


L#2?FP1N5A

K/W

MTU=
?/K'QUA]BE6D:%

NDV6?.[Y%K[K1#K^$
M%;\%:U#.5T%]Y.N\



A)B\L.R)7!'6C


(.628
AK\FA/)+\/IF;G X


(WZ
JS!Z*JZPY'=Z**@

M!)(GC5.+!#. #E


+ S
.]JV!_0A($WZN=




ML]N4;Z5Q]20KYQ'4NK^?IWEQFQ9_Q45]2?(/Y2GLC-]S.3QF;[;N*)KM8V &



M7_@_D^TW)VA=E?3/8P.-\\VH 'PI=F ?L.ZM@'5U_^I;$ORGO9@*JD+] &
M/)#\CZL

M6*QE7]DU]FP'CY%[X&7NF+&2%KRZ-L9!,PCCV'7'/'(/D'GG)6TX%$=E U'
MWUZ:?;X!4\K39.?6+%73W64R*Z'4E1P[W5WR__MEK#D[11F77-*OG-
:TYE
M


 &&=VOAO^ZC+0;
 X;#G


M/5V@);OW\K'IGZ




DM3CCR

R:/KEH_1[*U.I@1
M
!ZS$+VOR5Q9!&\HP05*FQ)03(M (2LCI5

MZ+].3M=IF12*=AM?C$LB3ZUDE\UCRP!#Z8G A[RNA-AR[:4I$ 5-B3X/-KR
M0C&TX^SJ$9C1T5;S5F$H4:TWD^^6&N?PUMPL[LQCR@)TZ^RDD?5.%DN 8ZF









_W*-?QX:=7#@'I5R

P+

MQSEC!
MJL=LV@/)_[C'&?M#L%1&@=6K./6AMP#?\Z#7R(.Q(A8@)=?#M00S)GPGB[**






MGU[3IU5:YM0^W)($%Q@GGS [69#-I19*SA8UUA5HES!&C=^C-'3&(OHM3HY
MM::TA2LDM=AD)$;O3UA\D1_1;Y7L7?D_&,2!.+3#H.260'O\


M]RNEUW W=JV@=RBC$X=&' NL(GT&
X
O$EESQS=E[)AR! 09QPN_%GZX
++K

YU)%NIP
@287?QU.KHJ)!P*FR:DODA*G+1GE5.JJTM%K?1R



M]?2EJYY^P!M:7Q;B
%E^2C/

M)@LGU4%)UFYIB!6'6'GH_7?_G7G9\():.FNW3'
QX(H:(T^LKV;HG,%5C]

IL
M^AQ9F1VK[/2 
6P4:(%MM38Z9:Y4.WW4*6!N[EVN-W&ZQ?BQ2

_JH3MVLL)

H IKR^)!/^*TXHZ3\0^PB:U5@?386M_HH5RO@VS+MMVX



 TM@;

I4J*6'G?N


4(#LF6#1 86$]0 ARS@DJ@1=

]AAM




M'PGJCHSK_E9?2PT%0/:WZ2*JZ6_;T







?
M9



MDFP8S.LDC







  &D*H1-U10@]V1PJY'#!::$$*Q*!4J




*
M@V_8I[@N!LW&!POK3Z(5]F_DAYTSAH2?,3#?SJ @$B3TR6OW<+@
B
MC6
(+2+GKD)?1Q0(PCTDWWA978UI/8&08Y1A




%*U)0O(BXQNXRS?VEAOG
M%S@/

M9?--%V6.3_

C1VD4T44
$U?

MI$&BOKVU4X/5;:



MRDL U8HH6/-;PRC%.?



$6K^U?TIEUG''(%GY+(I,+!99HAW2J%5#U^Y?
MS5'FQR]XC#U2B[NT12;073NDDH7%'C-0

M(J4*+#99X]58(Q_F:$6R8GL1;*V



NI$%=;K4K32S]=D804^(:\\%?P%#$[=*U\\G;7W?E%
M4(A]9J\*J_]&XQ[V954 BED)[-U_743ED)AW+O9S%-%2?.[6V+(71ZH-6O4K
MK-Z105-MPP@7\C-N I+5P4AJ-#P^^SW.^#&+.%CT\K#ZP ZL,RHUBY(2A
Q


M@-(N4A8?.MY[8Q?OR]PA UFX?2('JN^63M R&#W37




MT!+Z7]_IQ^V5]*=:9D1WFV
^Z;KO7=!4#H%LL_.Y^'#3&9SK@IR
]:IF3.
MX#N/G\LWNE$G.8XNLI)E7Z5@4W'9::4%BR%C( NO5;ENUX^)]EJMSIXJDZR.

M0:^T5!YM (RW(LO6&*;+A/RC)OISD/=;Y%?





MU9$.;
Z#3:-99Z-CCP;:

M-(XN

M%Q:(T$XO



V/CJKS 7;X6U


#N_]9O; [

$!=!=I4)KZBQ$%4'U5^N@

MO3#X_??O?X^?8V?-WT/=;785+
6KY4;.3Z 





!9KC?*





 1^X$NQ_I_





L%_4('4#1= \U^2:[(%IL\AZ)L=K=0 S2[CT%K]VB^HXZXOJ^%
M]![)



CD4+7^
!7-$
7
MDCBEYJ7B./D5OXY!E%B(=C&AAJ(-@7$FFWXZAH-J-Z!.JT1=FH4;%%0
L@

$J J
M$B@ %!+ P04     V@(Y2!%H*O0M+  #?) 4 %0   &)R9F@M
C R
#$R
M


MO;

]=4G.UI$)%XQ+?F6_?%;EZ)D%R


MV#I$P9*3$PU\,AFBX




F.7I3A




M)^PVPTU]
EM4OP

/H4M\J#-#\W?U2Z?F

M$U9W(TA)!Q_C5D#5+^F)]MECP=GG) +#^K?V:M3C7QE$=?,!7A-Z*2P_:K1
M/5WLS\DBC$@UN.LP:H/0B_'!OJI!,K4CW'H3!GG(XQVAFQ(1
V\JK&2CWG



M4;P3.K5.K)*J_B












W:DJ
MR75WWG X&6ZE&@J-PO\!!:75W-@-K%C73!P6,6!!DLCR()^Z/^P6-QGV\_
M@)(L^HN:&%FD

=(!\9'9;&;MN
M[H%$%W\X)#^/R

8Q#EQV
MD\WSC F3%_/J'J!#


M&J:I\/:($0C:0V$8P^4@D&

!@5Z

C(1W' #=

M2)N[9 #KX%!

M[ICSS']G:;(*(^_?V_DM0[--9SIOTF P\D2%[Z\B*D:=6-Z01* \.V*PJ\
MD(F3C H8[)-E5-L-Q
#@:4I .J@K1GT;!!&;SK^T!Y(*PD&')GS[$Q*9SMDT








M&/_-*OI\=2EWR-_$+G1YX?%!_%2;F:[62SK*6E6J::$CRM9XB['-5]7!@








.-A-EKDZ$(6(8FS6*$+**;3

_@2 SCX \E1=0Z




3




M 8X








M^E+OW7UZF2/(^_IM+A:+(CH#WV.* ZJS\S

M0Q2F&TJ1O?H
Z.Z1$K?82
) L)Z..PJH=NM/33V2=O?$Z3!*WGYY&JZ0E_(]
M)@?JV#(:1


A
EL3*(?%XYCN%:&1
(;M&;MY'S@*

J7
MH?JBS7NSE[Z
(ZN/+0*@^/HB5H74,UN3+V KR/N#!D[D_7:SMZHP/SED&6


DB])0&34L=H:%V#^B*D


MP8SDOJ7:F8BG[5VL)+
*.H-I)
/0??'\PGNVPXW*_J;8C=FK1
[P0!L?@-CP
%,?&7.LA)P1S;FZ_.2OB?*8[=T*R =.?EI&]
MGF\VMZ$==,_]RV;M.C&VO9C%1U97\_G\[]866<F$W0_)2H;(:_]P&']%YVR

MZ\_ZNMS;V!&OZC/;Z=Y
%O$U.I=TL #8P+@$DYA?
B;0S*EV@ ?7$ORA.8&V




SK1N?YH6ZJD00S*)9FL0)
MW;OHI&\%Y.U
HU882XW2JDC-J6
Y!/8JBL6

BOFN^P



M^3.EW5VQ8%'.WM6*
MF2606=P86]P0)@?^)2F-R?&H.[$I\$M-[D023YEXD
MXQW%3(&\K!&^L'G7BA.!O[QOBY_

I9FN  



X8#
[5,M^%P4T4 QQN.U
MDDL QTR\LJ. <L5J+SVLJ3 <$D)H9CA\5P!98$#N&R$YW2EW\EZ/-L404XW





V=6
M3


+ !M4'VVZ^&=Y
M!_



MZ]R.O?A3$#[%)

=A+7UQN
MZSR6=+8A['5\L

+B^9T*VL;-^$U

/E$V7J_U#?S8;XSB1S:6F2+




M!FON4
J
5.M-D7CF_.VC_:\P*B4?G[]5 RZA45^V^_=M.C&\8I&2P:2)8*+#








4.''(=1I=A^I0L4K]=LJ9(
MV,XEZEU8_I, (:]EWAP3,EY%#Y[,15HQ] %5H60RG1A+3!N$.9QP%0EQ:J

U$


S!+3&LYNHEG&#
MP3',EJ-EX4LQ'3.L-HZR@B*B$V?T/? 4X39.&QRE
7](;\@@45+ &-2?



M+
_=JW*K()1P5=X]CF:?MHIOLU]4M-UK^7$%U\#8EQ?)TW?Z'P-ZC@$]./$\






C84^23E!C+7 +#5G(O

;)=LK:CSPJ@M6A
6[


QNYEWK

M6(9X6EAP.
#Q/.-8AGAR98BY=H&P&K&4RK2?:(BQ$#)')-)#K.^'5-&'FS*
M2%UY#4VDC$2=U] AQ(VO*3=W=,F*Z0(F/ASP*0S?_:B4(13RW/O(/D#]4%[D
MLN]E[@5V+KZF'Z5GX8#$\9Q$#I/PDAN\+*
MGMLC=B)O(TO3PR4Q?5TGEE2MA%$9ER$ 9VG5.F;/(7T0W4WF-EI;*?Y_8V








;P*$GJ(Y.Y!75S).C%_JA!J


V$J

?J0A
YG



M

Y7GD%,H
M7L(N3.?T[0D?0S(T61YQV-6Y'J[4!0NBHR-Q\A;+D7.EKT[-OVH<W_DU40X

1:




0KVTO^LWV4[IN%I_-5DZZGF:^ XY8I51


M^U

M




E
MYUQ78C.J'. IDB4($Q! Y6W0PR)C =-TV/H3BJ@R4$R/F
IXIFW%K4;
?0=.
M6 N'G3PX*^*F[!WH-I0@CM-UQE#\B1Y&BII?%7


M!(XB9%WCDST#%]'@@$:F; 04*7 : [PZG5#'+JKL^MV63H,*WI-XQR+90@


M7S):R )!M15]=2R
%+#1%Y5CNH#-L2Q(UXB/94&.94$
++/'LB#Z7IR:J0LB

MAV'OA3NHC[?!Q]O@XVTP%B2F?AM\K#&Z1+X6&%LM ICC5U=5IN*W]RXP0:O
M07C69



M
?]P3EZ81



MY6?CJ\((5

M''VX@'CX. %AB0+SM&C;W]T1T.&+2VK:#=0#*8D8L*%6*R#7UK8W'BR'DS[
MB7I@!




9

93'.



MN*D]J;BFP$ASLID=DNEE3=&?8Q VW8Z[T5C+ D)0*61M1*:O:[#J8PNTZ6_4
M;4'L!FRR1)RB=Y-C?-OT3=

HK&

?]Z



MQ+
-86



F8TU/

X




M39FU)-K)B[GUX*/]*A7M;A-C435RT7;Q@F

M
SH[<'NUH*Q6NY@ 3'HJ*^L M8JET%FX1I.RRF:[/%
M(]6HV':R1!HROSJ %@EP


CG

MYOH/@XQ;L?4N)L


M].R_F BJ'4JFM8-]Q7ABV3$64H%\)ZXYN2T[3R-GQ?Y$CS;9KS5H#_=+0 W2







MNC?]YN




_1E/,GM4]?Q


)' 9UR/OSKN?-IUHSNRFW 4#\GO


M.



M:

RGCE


2&5R.R@
*'=E9'!.J


M_W#7^9F1E

G!7X6FRLY3
M@^U?K.H3UM?%1_ZXM'!01DS%VG$%/R:T!E#W_V*ZMB%L2DD+C FR4CG)S1





E%C


9*RPWPL1ZM@:&;X.YPD]:N4$
=C


*XW
G(




),T+XW=E?:5Y,:PTA[$RBO[FG)7YF?^W4M6
MY9BO7AT_94F=6=@C_0^+@.2;(;TZ
WTY)I9#2-E#TE-/^Y[YZ1V[\6?YR1B
MO[71%2


SE  [D&M#$
M/;-ULV/\\:7






&R[L?)^D-TT--D$

M ( !     &)R9F@M
C R
#$R

M9F@M
C R
#$R


M% 
4     V@(Y2)5]J6Y5V  (\08 %0              @ %/*0$ 8G)F
M:TR
#(P
3(S

M !4              ( !%Z ! &)R9F@M
C R
#$R

1    !@ & (H!  !5ZP$    !
end



