

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001415889-14-000987
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140328
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				680678429
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-174435
		FILM NUMBER:		14724826
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST 30TH STREET
 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-736-2310
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST 30TH STREET
 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPER LIGHT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120109
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERLIGHT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120109
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERLIGHT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304









    











Washington
 D.C. 20549






























For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013





































Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
































Great Neck
 NY 11021









(Former name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)










Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160; Yes&#160;[_]&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;No [X]






Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;[X]&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;No [_]


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such&#160;


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or amendment to Form 10-K. Yes [X]&#160; &#160;&#160; No [_]




Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company. &#160;See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221;&#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):




































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30
 2013
 was $1
935
758.


As of March 24
 2014
 there were 208
016
154 shares of common stock outstanding.



















Be Active Holdings
 Inc.







































































































Market For Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities









































































































Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence









































































This Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements
 but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally
 statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements.


Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our Management
 such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently
 forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include
 without limitation
 those specifically addressed under the heading Risks Factors below
 as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our electronic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and any amendments to these reports) are available free of charge on the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s website at http://www.sec.gov. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 including us.


We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report
 which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.


































Be Active Holdings
 Inc. f/k/a Superlight
 Inc. (&#8220;we&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on December 27
 2007.&#160;&#160;On January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 a privately held Delaware corporation (&#8220;Be Active&#8221;)
 and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 the Company&#8217;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;). Upon closing of the transaction contemplated under the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.






Be Active was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 10
 2009.&#160;&#160;Following its inception
 Be Active commenced the manufacturing and sale of its frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of Be Active&#8217;s products has grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states but has been limited in 2013 as a result of a lack of capital. Be Active&#8217;s products are distributed principally through warehouse distribution and a local distribution company. Be Active manufactures its product under a co-packing agreement with an ice cream manufacturer located in Lakewood
 New Jersey.









We manufacture and sell low fat
 low calorie
 all natural probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and ice cream under the trade name Jala and have trademarked our Jala cow logo. Our frozen yogurt is packaged as low fat sandwiches
 bars and pints
 which are designed to appeal to the health conscious or weight conscious consumer.






Following inception
 we commenced the manufacturing and sale of our frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of our products has grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states but has been limited in 2013 as a result of a lack of capital. Our products are distributed principally through warehouse distribution and a local distribution company. We manufacture our product under a co-packing agreement with an ice cream manufacturer located in Lakewood
 New Jersey.






We had net sales of $117
333 in 2013 and $1
028
729&#160;in 2012. We do not currently have sufficient capital to operate our business
 and
 we will require additional funding in the future to sustain our operations. There is no assurance that we will have revenue in the future or that we will be able to secure the necessary funding to develop our business.








On January 9
 2013
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with Be Active and Acquisition Sub.&#160;&#160;Upon closing of the transaction contemplated under the Merger Agreement
 Be Active Acquisition Corp. merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
















All issued and outstanding shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class A and Class B common stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 29
502
750 shares of our common stock. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 holders of Be Active&#8217;s Class A and Class B common stock were treated equally as it relates to consideration paid in connection with the Merger.


























Following the closing of the Merger
 we sold an aggregate of&#160;3
852
403 units in a private placement (the &#8220;January Private Placement&#8221;). $419
999.88 of the units were sold at a per unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 and included in the foregoing unit total
 an aggregate of $385
000
 plus accrued interest of $9
612
 of bridge notes of Be Active converted into the January Private Placement at per unit price of $0.19. Each unit consisted of (i) one share of the our common stock
&#160;and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an initial exercise price of $0.30 per share.











Immediately following the closing of the Merger and the January Private Placement
 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 we transferred all of our pre-Merger assets and liabilities to our wholly owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation. Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 we transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of Superlight Holdings
 Inc. to a former officer and director of the Company in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397 shares of our common stock held by such person.










On April 25
 2013
 we entered into subscription agreements with certain accredited investors whereby we sold an aggregate of 28
333
334 units with gross proceeds to us of $850
000 (the &#8220;April Private Placement&#8221;). Each unit was sold for a purchase price of $0.03 per unit and consisted of: (i) one share of our common stock&#160;&#160;(or at the election of the investor who would
 as a result of the purchase of the units
 hold in excess of 5% of our issued and outstanding common stock
 one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 which is convertible into shares of our common stock on a one for one basis) and (ii) a three-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an initial exercise price of $0.05 per share. The sale of units includes the conversion of certain outstanding amounts for unpaid fees and expenses into units at a per unit offering price totaling $62
500.











In connection with the April Private Placement
 the Company was required to issue to the investors in the January Private Placement additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such investor in the January Private Placement who would
 as a result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such investors under the terms of the January Private Placement.&#160;&#160;As a result of the foregoing
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional (a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional 22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share.&#160;&#160;Furthermore
 the exercise price of the warrants issued in the January Private Placement was reduced to a per share exercise price of $0.03.











In connection with the April Private Placement
 management determined that it was in the best interest of its shareholders to issue additional shares of common stock to certain of the original investors of Be Active
 who
 as a result of the Merger
 became shareholders of the Company.&#160;&#160;As a result
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock to certain of the former shareholders of Be Active as a result of the significant dilution such shareholders experienced as a result of the April Private Placement. In consideration for such issuance
 the shareholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&#8217;s reverse merger and various financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc. dated as of January 26
 2011.


























Additionally
 on April 26
 2013
 the Company designated&#160;four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and issued one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to each of the Company&#8217;s three members of management
 to wit: Saverio Pugliese
 David Wolfson and Joseph Rienzi.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to such number of votes on all matters submitted to shareholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held by such holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (taking into account the effective outstanding voting rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number of shares of common stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 on the six month anniversary date of the date of issuance of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 each outstanding share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was to automatically
 and without further action on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock as shall cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company beneficially owned on the conversation date by them
 13.334% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company
 calculated on the conversion date.










On October 25
 2013
 we amended our previously filed Certificate of Designation of Preferences
 Rights and Limitation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock would automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock as shall cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company beneficially owned on the conversation date by them
 13.334% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company
 from the date six months from the date of issuance of such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to such date twelve months from the date of issuance of such shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.














On January 6
 2014
 we executed a Reserve Equity Financing Agreement (&#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with AGS Capital Group
 LLC (&#8220;AGS&#8221;)
 pursuant to which AGS has agreed to purchase from us up to $5
000
000 of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over a 36-month period. Also on January 6
 2014
 we executed a Registration Rights agreement
 with AGS
 pursuant to which the Company will file with the SEC a registration statement (the &#8220;Registration Statement&#8221;) that registers for resale under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 the shares that have been or may be issued to AGS under the Purchase Agreement.

We do not have the right to commence any sales to AGS pursuant to the Purchase Agreement until the SEC has declared effective the Registration Statement. Thereafter
 we may
 from time to time in our sole discretion
 direct AGS to purchase up to 25
000
000 shares of our common stock on any such business day
 provided that in no event shall AGS purchase more than $250
000 worth of our common stock on any single business day
 provided that the number of shares sold on any given business day shall not exceed 350% of the Average Daily Trading Volume (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and at no point shall we issue to AGS such number of shares which shall cause the number of shares of the our common stock then owned by AGS to meet or exceed 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. The purchase price of the up to 25
000
000 shares that may be sold to AGS under the Purchase Agreement on any business day will be based on the market price of our common stock immediately preceding the time of sale as computed under the Purchase Agreement
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Purchase Agreement. Moreover
 pursuant to the securities purchase we entered with certain accredited investors (&#8220;February Investors&#8221;) on February 18
 2014
 we are not permitted to exercise our rights pursuant to the Purchase Agreement without the prior written consent of the February Investors.

On March 18
 2014
 the Company and AGS mutually agreed to terminate the agreement.










On February 4
 2014
 the shareholders representing a majority of our then outstanding shares of capital stock permitted to vote thereon approved and permitted us to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock
 par value $0
0001
 from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000
 to be effective upon (i) receiving the approval of our Board of Directors
 and subsequently (ii) the filing of an amended Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.


























On February 18
 2014
 we filed a Certificate of Designations of Preferences
 Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock authorizing the issuance of up to 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

Concurrently
 on February 18
 2014 we sold an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of common stock
 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 (the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (the &#8220;February Warrants&#8221;) with gross proceeds to the Company of $1
799
999.99 (the &#8220;February Private Placement5&#8221;) to the February Investors pursuant to a subscription agreement (the &#8220;February Subscription Agreement&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Each Share was sold for a purchase price of $0.03 per Share.&#160;&#160;February Investors
 who would
 as a result of the purchase of shares of common stock
 hold in excess of 5% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 were afforded the opportunity to elect to receive shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Until the earlier of (i) three years from the closing of the February Private Placement or (ii) such time as no February Investor holds any Shares
 Warrants
 or shares of common stock underlying Warrants or underlying the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 in the event we issue or sell common stock or common stock equivalents at a per share price equal to less than $0.03 per share
 as adjusted
 we agreed to issue additional Shares such that the aggregate purchase price paid by such February Investor shall equal such lower price issuance
 subject to certain customary exceptions.

Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible
 at the option of the holder at any time
 into one share of common stock and has a stated value of $0.0001 per share.&#160;&#160;The conversion ratio of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits
 stock dividends
 combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions.

The Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as lower priced issuances
 stock splits and dividends.

In connection with the February Private Placement
 we granted the February Investors &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights. Additionally
 February Investors are entitled to a right of participation in future financings conducted by the Company for a period of 24 months.











We produce high quality
 low fat
 low calorie
 all natural novelty frozen yogurt and ice cream products. Our proprietary frozen yogurt and ice cream are all fat-free and are a result of its proprietary recipe and the quality of the ingredients in the mix. The low fat
 frozen yogurt bars
 our original product
 remains our flagship product comprising approximately 61% of&#160;total gross sales during the twelve months ended December 31
 2012
 or $1
087
961 and 68% of total sales during the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
 or $111
132.&#160;&#160;&#160;Jala bars provide consumers with beneficial antioxidants and bacteria flora. Each bar contains approximately 10% of the recommended daily allowance for calcium and about one third of the recommended daily allowances of vitamins A
 C and E with only 110 calories. Jala&#160;products are made with naturally fermented yogurt using Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus yogurt cultures with the addition of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus debrueckii bulgaricus bacteria which are clinically shown to promote a healthy digestive system. The frozen yogurt sandwich
 introduced in March 2011
 consists of two low fat chocolate cookies that complement the frozen yogurt. In 2012
 we added a Greek formula to the line and introduced Jala Low Fat Greek Frozen Yogurt in pints. The pints come in seven flavors
 Blueberry
 Strawberry
 Vanilla
 Peanut Butter
 Pomegranate
 Chocolate and Honey Vanilla. The pints are 120 calories per serving and contain 8 grams of protein. The frozen yogurt sandwich contains 2.5 grams of fat per serving. The fat content of the sandwiches is contained in the cookies. Our products are sold under the Jala trade name. Our products had been available in more than 2
000 stores principally throughout the New England
 Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern regions.


















We promote brand recognition by packaging our products in a unique and distinctive manner. Each package prominently displays the Jala trade name. The Greek frozen yogurt sandwiches are packaged in clear plastic sealed trays in packages of six. The trays are shrink-wrapped in a clear polywrap for freshness and product protection. Flavor combinations are: vanilla/chocolate and vanilla. In 2014
 we plan on introducing a new flavor to the line of the Greek frozen yogurt sandwiches The bars contain four individually wrapped bars per box. Bar flavor combinations are vanilla blueberry
 vanilla pomegranate and a fudge bar.
















We participate in the ice cream market which is part of a broader frozen dessert market. Our Greek frozen yogurt sandwich and bars are considered novelty ice cream products. Novelty items are separately packaged single servings of a frozen dessert that may or may not contain dairy ingredients. The Food and Drug Administration
 which regulates the standards for many foods
 has set labeling requirements concerning fat content in ice cream and frozen yogurt. Based upon these requirements
 our frozen yogurt sandwich falls within the low fat ice cream category
 while the bar is a reduced fat product. Low fat ice cream contains a maximum of three grams of fat per serving. Reduced fat ice cream contains at least 25% less total fat than the original full fat product (either an average of leading brands
 or the company's own brand).






According to an on-line report (www.idfa.org/news--views/media-kits/ice-cream/ice-cream-sales-and-trends/) from the USDA
 National Agriculture Statistics Service
 over 1.5 billion gallons of ice cream and related frozen desserts were produced in 2011in the United States. Of that amount
 reduced fat
 light and low-fat products accounted for 20% of the market.









We sell our products principally to supermarkets
 and to a lesser extent to convenience and other foods stores. Distribution is made through warehouse facilities and commissioned food brokers. Through a 2010 agreement
 we have a preferred vendor status with C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers
 pursuant to which we pay a monthly fee (based on gross sales) in exchange for allowing us to leverage off of its warehouses
 inventory control and billing systems and promotional and advertising campaigns over most of the Northeast Region. We market our products principally through in-store advertising and promotions.&#160;&#160;During 2012
 we expanded our distribution to approximately 2
100 new supermarket locations throughout the Eastern region of the United States and in Texas.&#160;&#160;Due to a lack of capital
 we reduced our distribution to only the New York Metropolitan area. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 three customers accounted for approximately 100% and 87% of our sales
 respectively.&#160;&#160;Sales were substantially discontinued after March 2013.













We generally enter a new market with three flavors of our bars and two flavors of our frozen yogurt sandwich. Thereafter
 dependent upon the level of sales from the introduced product and available cash for slotting fees
 additional products may be introduced to the existing market. We have experienced strong product demand and loyalty in each geographical market that we have entered. We believe that product demand is generated principally by our unique product packaging and in store promotions. We also believe that our proprietary mix
 which delivers a rich and creamy taste with little fat content
 creates strong customer loyalty.


























We attract new markets through the independent efforts of its principal officers. In each new market
 we generally will be required to pay slotting fees to the supermarket for shelf space. These fees are common in most segments of the food industry and vary from chain to chain. Supermarket chains generally are reluctant to give up shelf space to new products when existing products are performing.&#160;&#160;During the twelve months ended December 31
 2012
 we paid approximately $50
000 (or 3% of gross revenues) in slotting fees and during the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
 we paid no slotting fees. Consequently
 our expansion into new markets
 if any
 may be constrained by cash available to pay for slotting fees.&#160;&#160;











Our frozen yogurt sandwiches and bars are manufactured through a co-packing arrangement with Mr. Cookie Face
 Inc.
 of Lakewood
 New Jersey. For quality assurance purposes
 our products are tested by the manufacturer at each production run. We believe that the manufacturer's capacity will meet our projected production requirements for the foreseeable future. Our low fat Greek frozen yogurt pints are manufactured through a co-packing arrangement with Ronny Brook Farms. Our arrangements with both manufacturers are not exclusive
 and we believe that we could use other manufacturers if necessary or advantageous. Under our contract
 we pay the manufacturer a fixed fee per case for manufacturing and packing the product. We may cancel the agreement on 30 days&#8217; notice at any time. We purchase some of our raw materials and packaging supplies from single sources; however
 we believes that alternate supply sources are available throughout the country at competitive prices. We have not experienced shortages in the procurement of raw materials or packaging.






During years ending December 31
 2013 and 2012
 we did not expend any amounts on research and development costs.









We are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Our manufacturer must comply with federal and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality
 waste management and other related land use matters. The FDA also regulates finished products by requiring disclosure of ingredients and nutritional information. The FDA can audit us or our manufacturer to determine the accuracy of our disclosure. State laws may also impose additional health and cleanliness regulations on our manufacturers.
















Our business is highly competitive. Our products compete on the basis of brand image
 quality
 and breadth of flavor selection
 price
 and amount of fat content. Most frozen yogurt and ice cream manufacturers
 including full line dairies
 the major grocery chains and the other independent ice cream processors
 are capable of manufacturing and marketing high quality
 low fat or reduced fat frozen yogurt and ice creams. Furthermore
 there are relatively few barriers to new entrants in the frozen yogurt and ice cream business. Existing competition includes low fat or reduced fat novelty products offered by Ben and Jerry&#8217;s
 Ciao Bella
 Yasso
 Stonyfield
 as well as private label brands produced by or for the major supermarket chains. In addition
 we also compete with frozen desserts such as frozen yogurt and sorbet manufactured by Dannon
 Healthy Choice and others. Many of these competitive products are manufactured by large national or international food companies
 with significantly greater resources than us. We expect strong competition to continue in the form of price
 competition for adequate distribution and limited shelf space. However
 despite these factors
 we believe that the taste and quality of our products and our unique product packaging will enable us to effectively compete in this market.
























We are engaged in a business that could expose us to possible claims for personal injury resulting from contamination of our frozen yogurt and ice cream. While we believe that through regular product testing the quality of our products are carefully monitored
 we may be subject to liability due to customer or distributor misuse or storage. We maintain product liability insurance against certain types of claims in amounts which we believe to be adequate. We also maintain an umbrella insurance policy that we believe to be adequate to cover claims made above the limits of our product liability insurance. Although no claims have been made against us or our distributors to date and we believe our current level of insurance to be adequate for our present business operations
 there can be no assurances that such claims will not arise in the future or that our policies will be sufficient to pay for such claims.










We own the registered trade name Jala and the trademark&#160;Jala cow. In addition
 we rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary mix formulation.









As of March 24
 2014
 we have 3 full-time employees
 who are our Executive Officers. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements with its employees and believes its relations with its employees are good.










Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below with all of the other information included in this report before making an investment decision. If any of the possible adverse events described below actually occurs
 our business
 results of operations or financial condition would likely suffer. In such an event
 the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment.









Be Active was formed in March 2009. Our operating history consists of starting our brands
 marketing and distribution of our products. We have only shown a loss of money from operations because of the expenses we have incurred in manufacturing
 selling and maintaining the administration of Be Active. There is a strong possibility that we will not be able to sell enough of our products to cover or exceed our expenses.




Since we have a limited operating history
 it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business.




Our limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business or prospective operations. Since our formation
 we have not generated enough revenues to exceed our expenses.&#160;&#160;As an early stage company
 we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization
 financing
 expenditures
 complications and delays inherent in a new business. Investors should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. Our business is dependent upon the implementation of our business plan. We may not be successful in implementing such plan and cannot guarantee that
 if implement
 we will ultimately be able to attain profitability.
























We do not currently have enough cash flow to operate our business. &#160;We will therefore need additional capital (i) to pay slotting fees for supermarket shelf space
 (ii) to purchase ingredients and packaging supplies for our co-packers
 (iii) to pay co-packers for their services
 (iv) to cover general and administrative overhead and (v) to repay outstanding debt and pay interest charges on outstanding debt. &#160;Therefore we will be dependent upon additional capital in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations and expand our products to new markets. &#160;At the present time
 we do not have arrangements to raise all of the needed additional capital
 and we will need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. &#160;We may not be able to arrange enough investment within the time the investment is required or that if it is arranged
 that it will be on favorable terms. &#160;If we cannot get the needed capital
 we may not be able to become profitable and may have to curtail or cease our operations.









We believe our success depends heavily on the continued active participation of our current executive officers. &#160;If we were to lose the services of our executive officers
 the loss could have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of operations. &#160;In addition
 to achieve our plans for future growth we will need to recruit
 hire
 train and retain other highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. &#160;Competition for qualified employees is intense
 and if we cannot attract
 retain and motivate these additional employees their absence could have a materially adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.









Our business is very competitive. &#160;Large national or international food companies
 with significantly greater resources than we have
 manufacture competing products. &#160;We expect to continue experiencing strong competition from these larger companies in the form of price
 competition for adequate distribution and limited shelf space.






In addition
 these larger competitors may be able to develop and commercialize new products to compete directly against our products
 which may render our products obsolete. &#160;If we cannot successfully compete
 our marketing and sales will suffer and we may not ever be profitable.









We sell our products only in a limited number of stores and the products are therefore relatively unknown. &#160;Initial sales have been good in stores where we currently have our products
 but our products may not be accepted in other markets we will try to reach.









Our intellectual property consists of a proprietary recipe and manufacturing process. &#160;Together
 these two elements give us the ability to manufacture foods traditionally high in fat and added sugar without fat or added sugar. &#160;We decided not to seek a patent for this recipe and process
 and the time for us to be able to seek patent protection for our process and recipe has passed. &#160;We believe that by treating the recipe and manufacturing process as a trade secret
 we will have greater protection than a patent would give us
 because a patent would become public knowledge. &#160;As a result
 the only legal protection for our intellectual property is protection as a trade secret and our trademarks for our &#8220;Jala&#8221; brand. &#160;If our competitors were to learn our trade secrets
 or develop their own methods of manufacturing competitive products
 we might not be able to become profitable.
























Our business could expose us to claims for personal injury from contamination of our products. &#160;We believe that the quality of our products is carefully monitored through regular product testing
 but we may be subject to liability as a result of customer or distributor misuse or storage. &#160;The Company maintains product liability insurance against certain types of claims in amounts which it believes to be adequate. The Company also maintains an umbrella insurance policy that it believes to be adequate to cover claims made above the limits of its product liability insurance. Although no claims have been made against the Company or its distributors to date and the Company believes its current level of insurance to be adequate for its present business operations
 it is possible that such claims will arise in the future and it is possible that the Company's policies will not be sufficient to pay for such claims.











Our industry is highly regulated by the Federal government
 as well as by State and local governments. &#160;We are subject to regulation at the federal level by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U. S. Department of Agriculture. Manufacturers of our products must also comply with all federal and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality
 waste management and other related land use matters. &#160;The FDA also regulates finished products by requiring disclosure of ingredients and nutritional information.






State and local laws may impose additional health and cleanliness regulations on our manufacturers. &#160;We believe that presently the cost of complying with all of the applicable Federal
 State and local governmental laws and regulations is not material to our business. &#160;However
 to the extent that complying with all of the applicable laws and regulations becomes more burdensome
 compliance requirements may adversely affect our profitability by increasing our cost of doing business.



We must rely on a number of smaller ice cream distributors
 rather than large distributors to distribute our products.




We do not presently have any independent capability to distribute our own product
 and we do not believe it is feasible to develop our own distribution business. &#160;Consolidation within the ice cream industry has made it more difficult to distribute ice cream products not affiliated with large ice cream distributors. &#160; In addition
 in some markets the largest ice cream companies control substantially all of the ice cream distribution to supermarkets. &#160;Therefore
 we must work with a number of independent ice cream distributors
 rather than a few large distributors
 to distribute our products
 both regionally and nationally. &#160;Our need to rely upon smaller distributors limits our ability to distribute our products and/or makes that distribution more costly.




One customer has accounted for a substantial portion of our sales
 increasing both our&#160;




Sales to three customers of the Company accounted for approximately 99% and 87% of sales for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&#160;&#160;While our financial performance benefited from substantial sales to one customer
 because of the magnitude of sales to this customer
 our results would suffer if we were to lose its business. Additionally
 if this customer
 or other significant customers
 made substantial reductions in orders or stopped paying their invoices when due
 our results of operations would suffer unless we were able to replace the orders or collect on the payments due.


































Our ability to increase sales
 and to profitably distribute and sell our products
 is subject to a number of risks
 including changes in our business relationships with our principal distributors
 competitive risks such as the entrance of additional competitors into our markets
 pricing and technological competition
 risks associated with the development and marketing of new products in order to remain competitive and risks associated with changing economic conditions and government regulation.









We expect that we may experience a period of rapid and substantial growth that may place a strain on our administrative infrastructure. As our business needs expand
 we intend to hire additional employees. This expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial and financial resources. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel
 we will be required to:












improve existing
 and implement new
 operational
 financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures;



























train
 motivate and manage our employees.







We may not be able to install adequate management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner
 and our current or planned personnel
 systems
 procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to manage growth effectively
 our business would be seriously harmed.












We have reserved for issuance options to purchase up to an aggregate of 8
550
000 shares of common stock under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;As of March 26
 2014
 we also have warrants to purchase 34
383
921 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.&#160;&#160;In addition we also have issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 which are convertible into an aggregate of 33
263
921 shares of common stock
 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 which
 using the number of shares issued and outstanding as of March 26
 2014
 will be convertible into approximately 112
229
168 shares of common stock on April 26
 2014
 subject to adjustment based on future issuances of common stock prior to that date and shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 which are convertible into an aggregate of 26
666
667 shares of common stock.&#160;&#160;In the future
 we may grant additional stock options or issue additional warrants or other convertible securities. The exercise or conversion of stock options
 warrants or convertible securities will dilute the percentage ownership of our other stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert them when we would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than these securities.



















As a result of the Merger
 Be Active became a subsidiary of ours and since we are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 this can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing its ability to grow.




As a result of the Merger
 Be Active became a subsidiary of ours and
 accordingly
 is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;). The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if Be Active had remained privately held and did not consummate the Merger.






The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company
 we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2014 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company
 we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.




If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.




Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result
 our small size and any future internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operation and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical un-discovered failures of internal controls exist
 and may in the future discover areas of our internal control that need improvement.





As of the year ended December 31
 2013
 our President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms
 and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our President and Chief Financial Officer
 or officers performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




We have a going concern opinion from our auditors
If we cannot continue as a viable entity
 our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.




We have incurred net losses of $3
278
150 for the year ended December 31
 2013. We anticipate generating losses for the next 12 months. We have generated only $117
333
in revenues for the year ended December 31
 2013. Accordingly
 we may be unable to continue operations in the future as a going concern. No adjustment has been made in the accompanying financial statements to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities which could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity
 our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.



















In addition
 our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their report on the accompanying financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result
 we may not be able to obtain additional necessary funding. We may not ever achieve any revenues or profitability. The revenue and income potential of our business and operations are unproven
 and the lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the future prospects of our business.









The stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:
























































































































































































In addition
 the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.


We are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 this can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing its ability to grow.




We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
 as amended 
 and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.&#160;&#160;The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if&#160;we had remained privately held.
























We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings
 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates.









A limited liquid trading market for our common stock developed only recently. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become. We received approval from FINRA for our stock to be listed on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the &#8220;OTCBB&#8221;) on January 9
 2013 and our common stock is currently traded on the OTCBB. Our ticker symbol is &#8220;JALA&#8221;. There is currently a limited trading market in our securities.&#160;If
 for any reason
 however
 our securities become ineligible for continued quotation on the OTCBB or a public trading market does not continue to develop
 purchasers of the common stock may have difficulty selling their securities should they desire to do so and purchasers of our common stock may lose their entire investment if they are unable to sell our securities. Should we fail to satisfy the standards of the OTCBB and our common stock is suspended from quotation on the OTCBB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies whose securities are traded in the OTC Bulletin Board
 it is more difficult (1) to obtain accurate quotations
 (2) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
 and (3) to obtain needed capital.




Our common stock is currently deemed a &#8220;penny stock
&#8221; which makes it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares.




Our common stock is subject to the &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than $5.00 per share
 other than companies that have had average revenue of at least $6
000
000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least $5
000
000 ($2
000
000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require
 among other things
 that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than &#8220;established customers&#8221; complete certain documentation
 make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security
 including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and
 as a result
 the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period
 it could have an adverse effect on the market
 if any
 for our securities. If our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities.








If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period
 under Rule 144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an &#8220;overhang&#8221; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.
























We expect to utilize various techniques such as non-deal road shows and investor relations campaigns in order to create investor awareness for our company. These campaigns may include personal
 video and telephone conferences with investors and prospective investors in which our business practices are described. We may provide compensation to investor relations firms and pay for newsletters
 websites
 mailings and email campaigns that are produced by third-parties based upon publicly-available information concerning us. We will not be responsible for the content of analyst reports and other writings and communications by investor relations firms not authored by us or from publicly available information. We do not intend to review or approve the content of such analysts&#8217; reports or other materials based upon analysts&#8217; own research or methods. Investor relations firms should generally disclose when they are compensated for their efforts
 but whether such disclosure is made or complete is not under our control. Our investors may be willing
 from time to time
 to encourage investor awareness through similar activities. Investor awareness activities may also be suspended or discontinued which may impact the trading market of our common stock.




As a result of their existing ownership as well as the issuance of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 our executive&#160;officers and directors own a substantial interest in our voting capital and investors may have limited voice in our management.




As a result of the issuance of shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to our executive officers and directors
 in addition to their existing holdings
 our management in the aggregate beneficially owns approximately 40% of our voting capital

 the holdings of our officers and directors may increase&#160;






As a result of their ownership and positions
 our executive officers and directors collectively may be able to influence all matters requiring shareholder approval
 including the following matters:





























effecting or preventing a merger
 sale of assets or other corporate transaction.








In addition
 their stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company
 which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our stock price.






The Company's executive offices are located at 1010 Northern Blvd
 Great Neck
 NY 11021. The Company entered into a five year lease effective as of March 1
 2013 at an annual rent of approximately $39
360.




































 5.&#160;&#160;Market for Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.







Effective January 9
 2013
 our common stock was approved for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board.&#160;&#160;Since February 4
 2013 our ticket symbol has been JALA and currently trades on the OTCBB.&#160;&#160;There is no established public trading market for our securities with only periodic sporadic activity since February 4
 2013. There can be no assurance that a regular trading market will develop or if developed
 may not be sustained. The following table sets forth
 for the calendar periods indicated the range of the high and low last reported of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board.&#160; The quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail mark-ups
 mark-downs or commissions
 and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.&#160; The quotations may be rounded for presentation.























October 1 to December 31
 2013



















July 1 to September 30
 2013



















April 1
 2013 to June 30
 2013



















January 1
 2013 to&#160;March 31
 2013



























As of&#160;March 24
 2014
 we had approximately 70 shareholders of record of our common stock.















The registrar and transfer agent for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer located at 110 Green Street
 Suite 403
 New York
 New York 10012. Their telephone number is 917-746-4597.







On January 9
 2013
 we adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and reserved 8
550
000 shares for issuance thereunder. As of December 31
 2013
 no awards were made under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.







All sales of unregistered securities of the Company during the year ended December 31
 2013 have been previously reported in its current report on Form 8-K or quarterly report on Form 10-Q.






























This report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include
 without limitation
 statements containing the words &#8220;believes
&#8221;&#8220;anticipates
&#8221;&#8220;expects
&#8221;&#8220;intends
&#8221;&#8220;projects
&#8221;&#8220;will
&#8221; and other words of similar import or the negative of those terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include
 but are not limited to
 expectations of future levels of research and development spending
 general and administrative spending
 levels of capital expenditures and operating results
 sufficiency of our capital resources
 our intention to pursue and consummate strategic opportunities available to us
 including sales of certain of our assets. Forward-looking statements subject to certain known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to those described in &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of the reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.












Be Active was incorporated on March 10
 2009 under the laws of the State of Delaware. We manufacture and sell low fat
 low calorie
 all natural probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and ice cream under the trade name Jala and we trademarked our Jala cow logo. Our frozen yogurt is packaged as low fat sandwiches
 bars and pints
 which are designed to appeal to the health conscious or weight conscious consumer.


Following inception
 we commenced the manufacturing and sale of our frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of our products had grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states but has been limited in 2013 as a result of a lack of capital. Our products are distributed principally through warehouse distribution and a local distribution company. We manufacture our product under a co-packing arrangement with an ice cream manufacturer located in Lakewood
 New Jersey.






















The Year ended December 31
 2013 compared to the Year ended December 31
 2012


The following table presents the results of operations of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2013 compared to the year ended December 31
 2012.











December 31
































117
333







1
028
729







278
122















(160
789







(94
300

































111
779





241
513









1
081
928





584
299









1
921
761





























3
116
428





826
267



















(3
277
217







(920
567




























Interest expense
 net










17
560









































17
666





















(3
278
150









(938
233



















































77
483
225





29
377
101











Gross Sales were $164
552 and $1
787
947 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 respectively. Reconciling items that included sales discounts
 returns and allowances
 trade spending
 and slotting fees totaled $47
519 and $759
218 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 respectively. Gross sales as of December 31
 2013 decreased $1
623
395 or 91% as compared to 2012.&#160;&#160;This decrease is primarily attributable to the lack of capital necessary for marketing and production which resulted in the substantial&#160;discontinuance of sales after March 2013.





Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31
 2013 decreased to $278
122 from $1
123
029 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 a decrease of $844
907 or 75%. The decrease is primarily attributable to the reduced sales and purchases related to the deficiency in working capital.






















Gross loss for the year ended December 31
 2013 was a loss of $160
789
 as compared to a loss of $94
300 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 an increase of $66
489 or 71%. The increase of gross loss was related to the decrease in sales and the $151
023 write-off of product which passed its sale-by date.





Operating expenses
 consisting of selling
 general and administrative expenses
 and depreciation and amortization expense
 for the year ended December 31
 2013 increased to $3
116
428 from $826
267 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 an increase of $2
290
161 or 277%. The increase is primarily attributable to the $1
921
761 in stock-based compensation related to the Convertible Series B Preferred Stock
 in addition to increases in professional fees of $177
871 and officers&#8217; salary of $288
424
 offset in part by a decrease in selling expenses of $129
734.


Selling expenses consist primarily of advertising
 promotion and marketing fees. Selling expenses for the year ended December 31
 2013 decreased to $111
779 from $241
513 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 a decrease of $129
734 or 54%.&#160;&#160;The decrease is primarily due to decreases in storage of $24
042 and freight and delivery of $111
728.


General and administrative expenses consist primarily of office
 utilities
 computer
 internet
 travel
 insurance expenses.&#160;&#160;General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2013 increased to $1
081
928 from $584
299 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 an increase of $497
629 or 85%. The increase is primarily attributable to increases in professional services and officers&#8217; salaries.





Other expenses were $933 for the year ended December 31
 2013
 as compared to $17
666&#160;&#160;for the year ended December 31
 2012
 an decrease of $16
733 or 95%
 as a result of&#160;&#160;decreased interest expense.





Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2013 increased to $3
278
150 from $938
233 for year ended December 31
 2012
 an increase in loss of $2
339
917 or 249%. This increase is due primarily resulting from a reduction in sales due to the deficiency of working capital
 combined with increases in operating expenses.






Basic loss per share for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period after giving retroactive effect in 2012 to the shares issued in January 2013 to the stockholders of Be Active Brands upon consummation of the merger. Diluted loss per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as outstanding options and warrants
 using various methods such as the treasury stock or modified treasury stock method in the determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each period. Fully diluted EPS is not provided when the effect is anti-dilutive. When the effect of dilution on loss per share is anti-dilutive
 diluted loss per share equals the loss per share.





Total current assets at December 31
 2013 were $109
880
 current liabilities were $793
614 and we had negative working capital of $683
734.&#160;&#160;Significant losses from operations have been incurred since inception and there is an accumulated deficit of $5
784
122 as of December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;Continuation as a going concern is dependent upon attaining capital to achieve profitable operations while maintaining current fixed expense levels.






















We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
 including unrecorded derivative instruments that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources. We have certain warrants and options outstanding but we do not expect to receive sufficient proceeds from the exercise of these instruments unless and until the trading price of our common stock is significantly greater than the applicable exercise prices of the options and warrants and mainly following any necessary registering of underlying securities.
























We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate
 to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by SEC Rule 15d-15(b)
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.&#160;&#160;




Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management has employed a framework consistent with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c)
 to evaluate internal control over financial reporting described below. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



















Management
 including our principal executive officer Mr. Pugliese
 who is also our principal financial officer
 and Mr. Wolfson
 who is our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of and for the year ended December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. As a result of this assessment
 Mr. Pugliese and Mr. Wolfson concluded that
 as of and for the year ended December 31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as of the year ended December 31
 2013.


There is a lack of proper segregation of functions
 duties and responsibilities with respect to our cash and control over the related disbursements due to our limited staff and accounting personnel.&#160;&#160;Management is aware that there is a lack of segregation of duties due to the small number of employees dealing with administrative and financial matters.&#160;&#160;Since an officer of the Company is a partner with an accounting firm which provides support services to the Company
 in the future
 management intends to continue to utilize additional staff of the accounting firm to handle certain administrative financial duties.


There is a lack of effective controls over financial statement disclosure.&#160;&#160;Specifically
 controls were not designed and in place to ensure that all disclosures required were originally addressed in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;Management is working to ensure that all permanent file documents are maintained in a working file which becomes an essential component of the financial closing process.


There is a lack of controls over the control environment in that the Board of Directors is comprised of three members who are officers of the Company.&#160;&#160;As of yet
 there are no independent members
 no formal audit committee and no compensation committee.&#160;&#160;As the Company matures
 management will expand the Board of Directors accordingly.











There were no changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.































10. &#160;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











The following persons are our executive officers and directors as of March 24
 2014 and hold the positions set forth opposite their respective names.

































































Mr. Pugliese
 age 48
 our President and Director since January 9
 2013
 was the co-founder of and served as President of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. From July 2004 to March 2009
 Mr. Pugliese was a consultant to various companies in the ice cream industry and invested in an ice cream distribution company. From January 27
 1994 to July 2004
 Mr. Pugliese was co-founder of and served as President of Silhouette Brands
 Inc.
 a company specializing in manufacturing and selling fat free
 novelty ice cream under the trade name Silhouette with the Skinny Cow logo. As a result of his experiences
 Mr. Pugliese brings to the Company extensive experiences in the frozen ice cream business
 along with strong sales and marketing skills. While earning an Associate&#8217;s Degree in business from Nassau Community College in 1986
 he founded SD Brands
 Inc.
 and began manufacturing and marketing &#8220;Slender Delight Non Fat Ice Cream&#8221;
 a soft serve ice cream mix.









Mr. Wolfson
 age 52
 our Chief Financial Officer and Director since January 9
 2013
 served as Chief Financial Officer of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. From July 2004 through the present time
 Mr. Wolfson
 while partnering with Mr. Wexler and Mr. Pugliese
 managed the New York offices of his CPA firm
 Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP . Mr. Wolfson served as the in-house accountant of Silhouette Brands Inc. from 1996 to July 2004. After earning a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting at S.U.N.Y Binghamton in 1983
 Mr. Wolfson was employed by a local CPA firm. He attained his CPA license in 1990. Mr. Wolfson was chosen to be a director of the Company based on his knowledge and familiarity with Be Active Brands since its inception.









Mr. Rienzi
 age 43
 our Secretary and Director since January 9
 2013
 served as Vice President and Secretary of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. Prior to Be Active
 through the present time
 Mr. Rienzi has served as Executive Vice President of Rienzi &amp; Sons
 Inc.
 a company specializing in importing
 farming
 production and distribution of Italian foods worldwide. As a result of his experiences
 Mr. Rienzi brings to the Company extensive experiences in the supermarket business
 along with strong sales
 marketing and promotional skills. Mr. Rienzi&#8217;s received his higher education at St. John&#8217;s University
 graduating with an M.B.A. in Executive Management as well as Executive Programs from Harvard
 M.I.T. and Universita di L&#8217;Aquila in Italy.






Our directors hold office until the earlier of their death
 resignation or removal or until their successors have been qualified.






























Except as set forth in the director and officer biographies above
 to the Company&#8217;s knowledge
 during the past ten (10) years
 none of the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers
 promoters
 control persons
 or nominees has been:


























subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or






found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law.












During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 all executive officer compensation was determined by our board of directors.





Our Board of Directors held 7 telephonic meetings during the year ended December 31
 2013


We currently do not maintain any committees of the Board of Directors. Given our size and the development of our business to date
 we believe that the board through its meetings can perform all of the duties and responsibilities which might be contemplated by a committee.&#160;&#160;Except as may be provided in our bylaws
 we do not currently have specified procedures in place pursuant to which whereby security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors.





The Board of Directors does not have a policy on whether or not the roles of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman should be separate.&#160; Instead
 the Company&#8217;s By-Laws provide that the same person may hold two or more offices.&#160; Accordingly
 the Board reserves the right to vest the responsibilities of the&#160;Chief Executive&#160;Officer and&#160;Chairman&#160;in the&#160;same&#160;person or in two different individuals depending on what it believes is in the best interest of the Company.&#160;&#160; The Board has determined that the consolidation of these roles is appropriate because it allows Chairman to bring a wider perspective to the deliberations of the Board of Directors on matters of corporate strategy and policy.&#160; The Board believes that there is no single Board of Directors leadership structure that would be most effective in all circumstances and therefore retains the authority to modify this structure to best address the Company&#8217;s and the Board of Directors&#8217; then current circumstances as and when appropriate.


Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes.&#160;&#160;The Board of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management
 auditors
 legal counsel
 and others
 as considered appropriate regarding our company&#8217;s assessment of risks. The Board of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company&#8217;s general risk management strategy
 and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the Board&#8217;s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees the Company
 the Company&#8217;s management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Although all members of the Board of Directors also hold management positions
 the recognition by each member of their dual roles addresses the risks facing our company and our Board believed the leadership structure is effective.






















While we do not have a formal policy on diversity
 our Board considers diversity to include the skill set
 background
 reputation
 type and length of business experience of our Board members as well as a particular nominee&#8217;s contributions to that mix.&#160;&#160;Although there are many other factors
 the Board seeks individuals with experience on public company boards as well as experience with advertising
 marketing
 legal and accounting skills.





Our risk management function is overseen by our Board.&#160;&#160;Our management keeps our Board apprised of material risks and provides our directors access to all information necessary for them to understand and evaluate how these risks interrelate
 how they affect the Company
 and how management addresses those risks.&#160;&#160;Our President works closely with the Board once material risks are identified on how to best address such risk.&#160;&#160;If the identified risk poses an actual or potential conflict with management
 our independent directors may conduct the assessment. The Board focuses on these key risks and interfaces with management on seeking solutions.




We currently have three directors serving on our board of directors.&#160;&#160; We are not a listed issuer and
 as such
 are not subject to any director independence standards.&#160;&#160;Using the definition of independence set forth in the rules of the NYSE MKT
 none of our directors would be considered independent.





































The table below sets forth
 for the last two fiscal years
 the compensation earned by our chief executive officer and chief financial officer.&#160;&#160;No other executive officer had annual compensation in excess of $100
000 during the last two fiscal years:







































































Marc Wexler
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 






5
000



























5
000







14
424



























14
424



Sam Pugliese
 President and Director






5
000



























5
000







150
000



























150
000



David Wolfson
 Chief Financial Officer and Director



















































































1
000



























1
000







135
000



























135
000















































































































































































































































Resigned from his positions as of March 22
 2013.







President and Director of Be Active since March 10
 2009. Appointed President and Director of the Company on January 9
 2013.







Chief Financial Officer and Director of Be Active since March 10
 2009. Appointed Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company on January 9
 2013. Compensation does not include payments by Be Active to Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP 
 a public accounting firm that provides consulting (non-auditing) services to Be Active. Mr. Wolfson is a partner of Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP .







Former President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director from August 7
 2012 to January 9
 2013.







Former President
 Treasurer and Director from January 22
 2008 to August 7
 2012.







Former Secretary and Director from October 9
 2008 to August 7
 2012.

































Effective January 9
 2013 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its former chief executive officer
 Marc Wexler
 for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement included other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer resigned from all positions he held with the Company and is serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 per annum
 plus other consideration as provided for in his employment agreement. In May 2013
 the former executive officer agreed to reduce the annual fee to $90
000 until the Company obtained sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
Through December 31
 2013
 the Company paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former officer agreed to end his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31
 2013 and paid in cash in February 2014.






Effective January 9
 2013 the Company entered into an employment agreement its chief financial officer
 David Wolfson
 for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $80
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. The chief financial officer&#8217;s employment agreement has been amended to provide that the base salary under the agreement be applied to accounting fees to the public accounting firm
 where he is a partner
 that provides nonaudit services to the Company.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred pursuant to this agreement for the year ended December 31
 2013 are included in professional fees.






Effective January 9
 2013 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its president
 Saverio Pugliese
 for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.


Effective&#160;&#160;January 9
 2013
&#160;&#160;the Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary
 Joseph&#160;&#160;Rienzi
 for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.


Since the Company currently does not have a Compensation Committee
 the current Board of Directors
 exclusive of the executive for which the criteria was adopted
 unanimously set forth certain financial and strategic milestone that
 if achieved
 would give rise to the executive&#8217;s bonus eligibility.





















There were no outstanding equity awards issued to our named executive officers as of December 31
 2013.













The following tables set forth certain information as of March 24
&#160;2014 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table below; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
 each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person&#8217;s address is c/o Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 1010 Northern Blvd.
 Great Neck
 NY 11021.&#160;&#160;Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants
 conversion rights or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 24&#160;2014
 are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding such options
 warrants or other rights
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder.
















































2
500
000






















6
839
555























454
028























6
839
556























16
633
139













































37
575
074























21
877
253























13
725
971
































Based on 208
016
154 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 24
 2014.







Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company.&#160;&#160;Resigned from both positions on March 22
 2013.































Based on 3 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock outstanding as of&#160;&#160;March 24
 2014.







Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Holders of our Series B preferred stock are entitled to the number of votes on such matters equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Corporation&#8217;s common stock (taking into account the effective outstanding voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number of shares of common stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&#160;&#160;Accordingly the Series B Preferred shares are entitled to a total of 112
229
168 votes as of March 24
 2014.







Konrad Ackerman
 as Director of Alpha Capital Anstalt has the voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this beneficial owner.







Shaye Hirsch
 as Director of Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. has the voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this beneficial owner.







John Stetson
 as Manager of HS Contrarian Investments
 LLC has the voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this beneficial owner.







Consists of 20
908
408 shares of common stock
 8
333
333 warrants to purchase shares common stock and 8
333
333 shares of Convertible Preferred Series A Stock.







Consists of 13
377
253 shares of common stock 4
250
000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock and 4
250
000 shares of Convertible Preferred Series A Stock.







Consists of 12
059
304 shares of common stock
 and 1
666
667 warrants to purchase shares of common stock .




















. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction
 and Director Independence




Except as set forth below

 there have been no transactions
 whether directly or indirectly
 between the Company and any of its officers
 directors or their family members.





On January 9
 2008
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of its common stock to Mr. Zeev Joseph Kiper
 our then President
 Treasurer and Director
 for cash payment of $300.


On July 20
 2009
 we issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock to Ms. Hana Abu
 our then Secretary and Director
 for cash payment of of $100.


On April 12
 2010
 we issued 450
000 shares of its common stock to Ms. Hana Abu
 our then Secretary and Director
 for cash payment of of $9.000.


Three notes payable
 dated 12/31/10
 12/31/10 and 12/31/09
 in the amounts of $161
021
 $161
021 and $25
555 were issued to two officers
 Mr. Wexler and Mr. Pugliese and one former officer
 Mr. Haramis of Be Active. In November 2012
 Messrs. Wexler and Pugliese advanced $200
000 to Be Active.


Be Active held a revolving credit facility at Signature Bank for $200
000
 with interest at the prime rate
 plus 1% per annum. The primary obligors on the facility were our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 Marc Wexler
 and our President and Director
 Saverio Pugliese
 and the Company is a guarantor. In March 2012
 Messrs Wexler and Pugliese were repaid $14
000 each for reimbursed expenses.&#160;&#160;On November 15
 2012
 two Class A common shareholders who were officers of Be Active and currently are officers of the Company advanced Be Active $200
000
 the proceeds of which were used to repay $198
000 of the revolving credit facility.


Our Chief Financial Officer
 David Wolfson
 is a partner of Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP
 a public accounting firm that provides consulting (non-auditing) services to the Company. For the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 we incurred $80
140 and $69
246 respectively
 to the accounting firm for accounting
 consulting and tax services.


Be Active rented space from a company that is owned by Marc Wexler
 our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 Saverio Pugliese
 our President and Director
 and David Wolfson
 our Chief Financial Officer and Director.&#160;&#160;For the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 rent paid was $ 31
175 and $40
154
 respectively.






The following table sets forth fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the years ended 2013 and 2012 for (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements
 (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees
 and (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation
 compliance
 advice and assistance.






























65
000







125
000































































65
000







125
000

























.&#160;&#160;Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules

















Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of January 9
 2013
 by and among Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 Be Active Brands
 Inc. and Be Active Acquisition Corp.






Certificate of Merger
 dated January 9
 2013 merging Be Active Acquisition Corp. with and into Be Active Brands
 Inc.












































































Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations (Split-off)









































Employment Agreement between the Company and Marc Wexler dated January 9
 2013






Employment Agreement between the Company and David Wolfson dated January 9
 2013






Employment Agreement between the Company and Saverio Pugliese dated January 9
 2013

































Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 dated January 26
 2011













Preferred Vendor Agreement with C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers dated July 22
 2010






Reserve Equity Financing Agreement between Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and AGS Capital Group
 LLC
 dated November 19
 2013






Registration Rights Agreement between Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and AGS Capital Group
 LLC
 dated November 19
 2013


















































































Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15
 2013










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24
 2012










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31
 2012










Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23
 2011










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1
 2013










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21
 2013










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18
 2013










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31
 2013










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31
 2014










Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25
 2013.










Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20
 2014.
































Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.







Be Active Holdings
 Inc.









March 28
 2014





























March 28
 2014








































Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.













March 28
 2014



























March 28
 2014



























March 28
 2014


























































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2013 and 2012











Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012











Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Deficit for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012











Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 











































&#160;


Be Active Holdings
 Inc.

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&#160;&#160;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.&#160;&#160;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&#160;Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160;&#160;An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.

In our opinion
 based on our audits the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company&#8217;s recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficit
 and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations and sustain its operations raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.






/s/ Cornick
 Garber &amp; Sandler
 LLP


CORNICK
 GARBER &amp; SANDLER
 LLP




New York
 New York
March 27
 2014


















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.










December 31









































5
670



6
452







3
181



36
157











276
644







101
029



7
297







109
880



326
550













&#160; Property and equipment
 net



3
579











6
560





















120
019



327
227









































75
371



248
363







195
177



57
384











50
000







523
066



584
789







793
614



940
536

















6
576















393
663

















800
190



1
334
199

























&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 150
000
000 shares&#160;authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 as follows:










Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 40
000
000 shares designated;










&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 39
441
458 shares issued and outstanding at December&#160;&#160;31
 2013



3
944

















&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013











&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Common stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 400
000
000 shares authorized;&#160;&#160;97
325
231 and 29
502
750&#160;shares issued and issuable at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively



9
734



2
950







5
090
707



1
496
050







(5
784
122



(2
505
972



&#160; Treasury stock at cost; 4
339
555 shares















(680
171



(1
006
972







120
019



327
227





















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.









Year Ended December 31





























117
333



1
028
729

















278
122 



1
123
029







(160
789



(94
300





























111
779



241
513







1
081
928



584
299







1
921
761























3
116
428



826
267

















(3
277
217



(920
567

























&#160;&#160;&#160; Interest expense
 net







17
560























17
666

















(3
278
150



(938
233

















































77
483
225



29
377
101





* Includes $151
023 write down of obsolete and unusable inventory (Note 4)


















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.


FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 and 2012


























































































































Balance
 January 1
 2012



28
730
900



2
873



















1
326
127



(1
567
739











(238
739



































































































771
850























169
923















170
000

















































































(938
233











(938
233

















































Balance
 December 31
 2012



29
502
750



2
950



















1
496
050



(2
505
972











(1
006
972























































20
851
336



2
086



















(2
086

































































Conversion of bridge notes and interest




2
076
906























387
767















387
975

















































Sale of common stock in offering




1
826
087























395
465















395
649

















































&#160;offering
 net of related fees



8
083
334







20
250
000



2
025











697
167















700
000





















































3
789
473







19
191
458



1
919











(2
298





































































23
054
778



2
305



















(2
305





























































































1
921
761















1
921
761





















































































(4
339
555





























































3
584
229























99
642















100
000





















































3
500
000























69
650















70
000





















































1
056
338























29
894















30
000

















































































(3
278
150











(3
278
150

















































Balance
 December 31
 2013



97
325
231



9
734



39
441
458



3
944











5
090
707



(5
784
122



(4
339
555







(680
171





















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.








Year Ended December 31































(3
278
150



(938
233































1
921
761











70
000



































32
976



52
636







276
644



20
347







(6
560











(93
732



10
542







6
576











(35
198



154
361







(1
103
774



(699
892





























(3
862



































(188
001











385
000











(7
500







(50
000



50
000







1
120
000



170
000







99
011























(61
723



237
192







1
106
854



646
691





















(53
201













&#160;Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year 



6
452



59
653



&#160;Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year 



5
670



6
452

































9
083







3
944



3
153

















































1
921
761









 Inc. through the conversion of 1
000 and 299.6 shares of Be Active Class A and Class B common stock
 respectively
 for 29
502
750 shares of the Company's common stock
 the cancellation of 90
304



844
251 shares of common stock and 19
191





















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.









On January 9
 2013
 the Company
 Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 the Company&#8217;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;) and Be Active Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Brands&#8221;)
 an entity incorporated in Delaware March 10
 2009 and based in New York
 entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;). Upon closing of the transaction under the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Brands
 with Brands as the surviving corporation
 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. At the closing of the Merger an aggregate of 1
000 shares of Brands&#8217; Class A common stock and 299.6 shares of Class B common stock
 issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into 29
502
750&#160;&#160;shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
&#160;&#160;$0.0001 par value
 per share. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 holders of the Class A and Class B common stock were treated equally as it relates to consideration paid in connection with the Merger.


Immediately following the closing of the Merger
 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 the Company transferred all of its pre-Merger assets and liabilities to another wholly-owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;SplitCo&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of SplitCo to a former officer and director of Holdings in exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by such person (the &#8220;Split-Off&#8221;)
 which left 20
851
336 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by persons who were stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and which constitute the Company&#8217;s &#8220;public float&#8221; prior to the Merger that will continue to represent the shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock eligible for resale without further registration by the holders thereof
 until such time as the applicability of Rule 144 or other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) or the effectiveness of a further registration statement under the Securities Act
 permits additional sales of issued shares.


The Merger was accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization with Brands as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Company as the acquired company.&#160;&#160;Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger are those of Brands and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Brands and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger include the assets and liabilities of the Company and Brands
 and the historical operations of the Company and Brands from the closing date of the Merger. The stockholders&#8217; equity section has been retroactively restated for all periods presented to reflect the accounting effect of the reverse-merger transaction.


The Company has sold frozen yogurt and fudge bars and offers ice creams in various flavors to retailers with stores in New York
 New Jersey
 Connecticut
 Massachusetts
 Rhode Island
 Maine
 Pennsylvania
 Ohio and Florida but&#160;substantially discontinued&#160;its sales operations&#160;after March 2013 as a result of a working capital shortage (see Note 2).&#160;&#160;Upon the resumption of sales
 the Company intends to expand its regional growth to a national level and global presence in sales of premium quality low-fat
 low calorie
 low-carbohydrate
 vitamin and probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and products under the brand name &#8220;Jala&#8221;.




















The Company&#8217;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred significant net losses since inception and at December 31
 2013
 has a working capital deficiency of $683
734
 an accumulated deficit of $5
784
122 and stockholders&#8217; deficit of $680
171. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating expenses until it become profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
 it could be forced to cease operations.


In order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&#8217;s plan is to obtain such resources for the Company through sales of its products in combination with equity and/or debt financing. While as indicated in Note 16
 the Company obtained approximately $1
800
000 of gross proceeds from an equity offering on February 14
 2014
 there can be no assurance that this will be sufficient for the Company to continue as a going concern.


















All references to common stock
 share and per share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22
701:1 of common stock for each share of Brands stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger as if the exchange had taken place as of those dates.




The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.




The Company considers the carrying amounts of financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses and notes payable to approximate their fair values because of their relatively short maturities.




















Accounts receivable consist of amounts due from customers. The Company records an allowance for doubtful receivables
 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which may be unrecoverable.&#160;&#160;The allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&#8217;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness and current economic trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 no allowance for doubtful accounts was required.





Inventory consists primarily of packaging
 raw materials and finished goods held for distribution.&#160;&#160;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.&#160;&#160;In evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount of inventory on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory
 remaining shelf life and the current expected market conditions.&#160;&#160;Adjustments to reduce inventory to its net realizable value are charged to cost of goods sold.





The Company classifies shipping and handling costs as part of selling expense.&#160;&#160;Shipping and handling costs were $0 and $109
775 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances at several financial institutions.&#160;&#160;The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&#160;&#160;Federal legislation provides for FDIC insurance of up to $250
000.






Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses as they are incurred. Improvements and betterments
 which extend the lives of the assets
 are capitalized. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets retired or otherwise disposed of are removed from the appropriate accounts and any profit or loss on the sale or disposition of such assets is credited or charged to income.



Revenue is recognized
 net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations.





The Company recognizes compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees
 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant
 as subsequently adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 9).&#160;&#160;Common stock equivalents are valued using the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
 an expected dividend yield of zero
 the remaining period or maturity date of the common stock equivalent and the expected volatility of common stock. Shares contingently issuable based on the future value of the Company&#8217;s stock and the common shares outstanding at a stated future date are periodically revalued at each balance sheet date based on the common shares currently outstanding and the current traded price per share.




















Basic income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Fully diluted income (loss) per share is computed similar to basic income (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There were no dilutive financial instruments issued or outstanding during the year ended December 31
 2012 and the effect of outstanding warrants and convertible stock for the year ended December 31
 2013 was anti-dilutive.


All per share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22
701:1 of common stock for each share of Brands stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger as if the exchange had taken place as of those dates.




 which requires the use of an assets and liabilities approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when realization of deferred tax assets is not considered more likely than not.


The Company&#8217;s policy is to classify income tax assessments
 if any
 for interest in interest expense and for penalties in general and administrative expenses.






Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Total advertising was $5
843 and $26
115 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.














December 31

























91
814











184
830











276
644




Approximately all of the cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31
 2013 resulted from the write-off in the quarter ended June 30
 2013 of $151
023 of obsolete packaging materials and inventory which reached its expiration date prior to sale.




























December 31





















6
138



2
276







(2
559



(1
599







3
579









6. NOTE PAYABLE
 RELATED PARTIES

In 2011
 the Company received advances from two common stockholders who borrowed amounts under a $200
000 bank revolving credit facility
 which was guaranteed by the Company and collateralized by the Company&#8217;s assets. In November 2012
 the $198
000 balance then outstanding under the line of credit was repaid by the Company from additional funds received from the stockholders.&#160;&#160;Such funds are included in &#8220;due to officers/stockholders&#8221; on the balance sheets at December 31
 2013 and 2012.&#160;&#160;The line of credit with the bank was discontinued on December 3
 2012.





As of December 31
 2012
 Due to officers/stockholders was comprised of unsecured advances from three officers/stockholders and one stockholder. As of December 31
 2013
 amounts payable to an officer/stockholder and two stockholders comprised Due to officers/stockholders.&#160;&#160;One of the officers resigned on March 22
 2013 and is solely a stockholder.&#160;&#160;The other stockholder had resigned as an officer in a prior year. These loans are payable on demand without interest.





On August 12
 2012
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement to sell up to a maximum of $600
000 of the Company&#8217;s 10% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (&#8220;Notes&#8221;).


The Notes were scheduled to mature one year from issuance with interest of 10% per annum
 being accrued on the unpaid principal amount of the Notes until paid upon maturity
 or earlier prepayment or conversion
 as defined. The Notes also contained a provision requiring mandatory conversion to common stock upon the occurrence of certain events
 such as the Merger and were converted into 2
076
906 shares of common stock on the Merger date.


In August 2012 and November 2012
 the Company sold $135
000 and $250
000
 respectively
 of the 10% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes to investors. Through December 31
 2012 and June 30
 2013
 accrued interest on the Notes was $8
663 and $9
612
 respectively
 and was settled in shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. On January 3
 2013
 the Note holders were notified that the conversion price in connection with the Merger would be $0.19 per unit.


The number of conversion securities issuable upon conversion of the Notes was determined by dividing the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and accrued interest on the conversion date by the conversion price in effect.&#160;&#160;As a result
 $394
612 in Notes and accrued interest was converted to an aggregate of 2
076
906 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in January 2013.




















Following the closing of the Merger
 the Company sold an aggregate of 1
826
087 units (&#8220;Units&#8221;) in a private placement (&#8220;Private Placement&#8221;).&#160;&#160;$419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 an aggregate of $394
612 of the outstanding 10% convertible promissory notes and accrued interest converted into the Private Placement at a per Unit price of $0.19.&#160;&#160;Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of the purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company&#8217;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share.&#160;&#160;In connection with the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;) whereby the Company agreed to register the shares underlying the Units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration Statement to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.&#160;&#160;On May 15
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was amended to extend the filing date from 120 days to 180 days after the closing date.&#160;&#160;On July 2
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was further amended to extend the filing date from 180 days to 240 days after the closing date. The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on September 25
 2013 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485 shares of the Company&#8217;s stock
 which is currently under review by the Securities and Exchange Commission.


On March 8
 2013
 the Board of Directors approved the authorization of 150
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 of which 40
000
000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote on all matters and the shares are convertible to the Company&#8217;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of common stock for each one share of Series A Preferred Stock upon notice to the Company
 as defined.


On March 15
 2013
 the Company commenced a second private placement
 offering a minimum of $1
000
000 of units
 each comprised of one share of common stock and warrants to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05
 per share
 for three years at a purchase price of $0.03
 per unit. The warrants are subject to registration rights
 as defined and cashless exercise is permitted. On April 25
 2013
 the Company consummated the private placement which began on March 15
 2013 and sold to certain accredited investors an aggregate of 28
333
334 units with gross proceeds to the Company of $850
000 less $150
000 of offering costs.&#160;&#160;The offering costs include 2
083
334 units valued at $62
500 for legal fees.


In connection with the offering
 the Company granted the investors demand registration rights
 commencing 30 days after the closing of the Offering and ending one year after the closing of the Offering
 pursuant to which investors holding at least 50% of the outstanding securities sold in the Offering may request on 60 days&#8217; notice
 the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 covering the resale of securities underlying the units.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 the Company granted the investors &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights for a period of 180 days beginning on the closing date of the Offering. The Company added a Supplement to the Security Purchase Agreement
 offering any investor of units who as a result of the purchase becomes a beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding number of common shares
 the option to purchase units consisting of one share of the Company&#8217;s new Series A Preferred Convertible Stock and a warrant.


In connection with the sale of the Units
 the Company was required to issue to investors in the January 9
 2013 private placement (the &#8220;Prior Investors
 and such offering
 the &#8220;Prior Offering&#8221;) additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such Prior Investor who would
 as a result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such Prior Investors under the terms of the Prior Offering.&#160;&#160;As a result of the foregoing
 in April 2013
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional (a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional 22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (collectively
 the &#8220;Ratchet Securities&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Furthermore
 the exercise price of the warrants issued in the Prior Offering was reduced to a per share exercise price of $0.03.
















In connection with the Offering and in consideration for such issuance
 the shareholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&#8217;s reverse-merger and various financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc. dated as of January 26
 2011
 management determined that it was in the best interest of its stockholders to issue additional shares of common stock to certain of the original shareholders of Brands who
 as a result of the reverse-merger consummated on January 9
 2013
 became shareholders of the Company.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock to these original Brands shareholders
 exclusive of current management
 as a result of the significant dilution they experienced as a result of the Offering.


Additionally
 on April 26
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors authorized four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the &#8220;Series B Preferred Stock&#8221;) and issued one share of Series B Preferred Stock to each of the Company&#8217;s three senior members of management.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled such number of votes on all matters submitted to stockholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock (taking into account the effective outstanding voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 on the six month anniversary date of issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock
 each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock was to automatically
 and without further action on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as would cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company&#8217;s beneficially owned on the conversion date by them 13.334% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock
 calculated on the conversion date. On October 25
 2013
 the Company amended and restated the Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series B Shares would automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock
 from the date six months from the date of issuance (October 26
 2013) to the twelfth month anniversary of the date of issuance of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock (April 26
 2014). The Company previously recorded the three shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as stock-based compensation based at the then current estimate that the shares that would convert to shares of common stock of the Company based on the shares outstanding and current price per share at each balance sheet date.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recalculated the estimated shares to be 38
435
217
 and recorded an aggregate of $1
921
761 in stock-based compensation.&#160;&#160;&#160;The estimate is based on the current common shares outstanding at December 31
 2013
 a stock price of $0.05 and is subject to adjustment based on any additional common shares issued through April 26
 2014.





In March 2013
 contingent with the resignation of the Company&#8217;s then chief executive officer
 the Company agreed to purchase from the former executive 4
339
555 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for $0.0001
 per share.&#160;&#160;These shares are reported at cost as treasury shares.





As of December 31
 2013
 the Company had warrants to purchase 55
217
258 common shares outstanding&#160;&#160;as follows:




























3
902
993














28
333
334














22
980
931














55
217
258




























The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on September 25
 2013
 which was amended and re-filed on February 12
 2014
 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485 shares of the Company&#8217;s stock. Such registration relates to the shares and related warrants issued in the private placement through December 31
 2013 and are currently under review by the Securities and Exchange Commission. As of December 31
 2013
 a total of $55
009 in professional fees related to the registration statements were recorded as deferred offering costs.




As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has filed its income tax returns for the years through December 31
 2012.


As of December 31
 2013
 management has evaluated and concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's financial statements.


As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $4
000
000 to reduce future Federal and state taxable income through 2032 and $1
922
000 of temporary differences in the timing of the deduction for stock-based compensation. However
 as a result of the recent and potential changes in the share ownership of the Company
 future utilization of the net operating losses may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Service.&#160;&#160;The maximum net operating loss carryforward which could be utilized as of December 31
 2013 pursuant to Section 382 for Be Active Brands is $185
000 a year
 based on the approximately $2
500
000 losses incurred prior to the Merger.


Since at present realization of the Company&#8217;s related deferred tax assets of $2
249
000 at December 31
 2013 is not considered more likely than not
 a valuation allowance of $2
249
000 at December 31
 2013 has been provided. The valuation allowance increased by $1
275
000 from December 31
 2012.


A reconciliation of income taxes and the statutory rate for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was as follows:











































Sales to three customers of the Company accounted for approximately 99% and 87% of sales for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&#160;&#160;Amounts due from these customers represented approximately
 100% and 86%
 of accounts receivable outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



















In accordance with FASB ASC 605-50
 the Company classifies the following allowances to customers as reductions of sales:







Years Ended December 31





















164
552



1
787
947



















2
383



26
826











5
449



















44
329



676
943











50
000







117
333



1
028
729








An officer of the Company is a partner of a public accounting firm providing nonaudit accounting services to the Company.&#160;&#160;For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company incurred fees of $80
140 and $69
246
 respectively
 to the accounting firm for accounting and tax services.


The Company rented space from a Company that is owned by two officers of the Company up until February 17
 2013
 the effective date of the lease for space in Great Neck
 New York.&#160;&#160;For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 rent paid was $31
175 and $40
154
 respectively.


As a result of then existing cash shortages
 from time to time during the year ended December 31
 2012
 certain officers/stockholders advanced from their personal funds amounts due by the Company for outstanding invoices and costs.&#160;&#160;Such amounts which were repaid without interest aggregated approximately $28
000 in 2012
 exclusive of normal travel and entertainment reimbursements.





Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company adopted a Stock Option Plan (&#8220;Plan&#8221;) to provide an incentive to attract
 retain and reward persons performing services
 including employees
 consultants
 directors and other persons determined by the Board
 through equity awards. The Plan shall continue in effect until its termination by the Board provided that all awards are granted within ten years
 as defined. The Plan is administered by the Board and has 8
550
000 shares issuable under the Plan. Awards terminated or canceled without having been exercised shall again be available for issue.&#160;&#160;The exercise price for each option under the Plan shall not be less than the fair market value of a share of stock on the effective date of grant of the option and no option granted to a 10% stockholder shall have an exercise price per share less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of stock on the effective date of grant of the option. Cashless exercise is permitted.





As of December 31
 2013
 no awards have been granted under the Plan.























Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its then chief executive officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 resigned from all positions he held with the Company and was serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 a year
 plus the other provisions as provided in the original employment contract. In May 2013
 the prior executive officer agreed to reduce the annual fee to $90
000 until the Company has sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
000 per year. Through December 31
 2013
 the Company paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former officer agreed to end his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31
 2013 and paid in cash in February 2014.


Effective January 9
 2013 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief financial officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $80
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;The chief financial officer&#8217;s employment agreement has been amended to provide that the base salary under the agreement be applied to the extent of accounting fees to the public accounting firm
 where he is a partner that provides nonaudit services to the Company.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred pursuant to this agreement for the year ended December 31
 2013 are included in professional fees.


Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its President for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement included other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.


Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.





On January 1
 2013
 the Company entered into a five year and one month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 effective February 17
 2013
 with base rent at $39
260
 per year
 subject to certain increases as defined.&#160;&#160;The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security deposit and the personal guaranty of the President of the Company. The rent is due in monthly installments commencing April 1
 2013; rent expense is being recorded on a straight line basis over the term of 



































40
370






41
811






43
275






44
787






11
292






181
535







In August 2013
 the Company entered into an Investor Relations Consulting Agreement (Agreement) with an investor relations firm to provide consulting services regarding financial markets and exchanges
 competitors
 business acquisitions and other aspects of or concerning the Company&#8217;s business. The Agreement is for a term of twelve months commencing August 16
 2013
 with a one month cancellation option for either party. The Agreement calls for a monthly consulting and services fee of $2
000. In addition
 the Company agreed to grant to the consultant an aggregate of 3
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s restricted stock
 valued at $70
000
 ($0.02
 per share)
 the price of the stock at the time of the Agreement. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has recorded $52
500 as consulting expense and $17
500 as prepaid consulting fees. As at December 31
 2013
 3
500
000 shares were issued under the Agreement.





On October 25
 2013
 the Company entered into a Term Sheet with a capital investor whereby the Company has the right to issue up to $5
000
000 of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the investor over a term of three years in exchange for cash advances to the Company. Upon execution of the Term Sheet on October 31
 2013
 the Company paid the investor $30
000 of the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock (1
056
338 shares at $0.0284 per share)
 priced off of the closing bid price the day before the Term Sheet was signed.


On November 19
 2013
 the investor delivered to the Company a Reserve Financing Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 which was executed by the Company on January 6
 2014.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company may require the investor to purchase advance shares
 as defined
 at a purchase price of 90% of the market price of the average of the three lowest best closing prices of the stock during the fifteen consecutive weekday trading days immediately after the date on which the Company provides an advance notice
 as defined. The dollar amount of common stock sold to the investor in each advance may be up to $250
000; however
 each advance is not to exceed more than 350% of the average daily trading volume for a previous 15 day period.&#160;&#160;The Company is required to reserve fifty million shares of its common stock for the issuance of the securities to the investor and has provided certain representations and warranties under the Agreement. Unless terminated earlier
 as defined
 the Agreement terminates automatically on the earlier of the first day of the month next following the 6-month anniversary of the effective date or the date on which the investor shall have made payment of advances pursuant to the Agreement in the aggregate of the commitment amount of $5
000
000.&#160;&#160;The maximum advance amount may be increased upon consent of the Company and the investor.

















In addition
 the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investor whereby the Company is committed to preparing and filing with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 within thirty days of signing the Agreement.&#160;&#160;The registration statement must be declared effective by the SEC prior to the first sale of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the investor.


As consideration for the Agreement
 the Company agreed to transfer to the investor
 common stock of the Company equal to two percent of the commitment amount which is $100
000.&#160;&#160;The 3
584
229 shares to be transferred was determined using the purchase price formula
 applying the ten previous trading days prior to the execution of the Agreement and have been included as &#8220;issuable&#8221; in the statement of stockholders&#8217; deficiency.


On March 18
 2014
 the Company and the investor mutually agreed to terminate the agreement.








On February 4
 2014
 the holders representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000
 effective upon receiving approval from the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors and filing an amended Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware representing the amendment.


In January
 February and March
 2014
 an aggregate of 6
177
537 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was converted to 6
177
537 shares of common stock of the Company.


In January
 February and March
 2014
 an aggregate of 86
233
334 warrants to purchase common stock were exercised in a cashless conversion to an aggregate of 70
580
055 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.





On February 12
 2014
 the Company designated and authorized to issue 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 at a stated value of $0.0001
 per share.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote all matters submitted to shareholder vote and shall be entitled to the number of votes for each shares of Series C owned at the designated record date.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock may convert any or all of such shares into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock for each one shares of Series C Preferred Stock.





On February 14
 2014
 the Company sold to certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of its common stock
 26
666
667 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.03
 per share
 for gross proceeds of $1
800
000. Until the earlier of (i) three years from the closing of the Offering or (ii) such time as no investor holds any shares of common stock underlying warrants or underlying the Series C Preferred Stock
 in the event the Company issues or sells common stock&#160;&#160;at a per share price equal to less than $0.03
 per share
 as adjusted
 the Company has agreed to issue additional securities such that the aggregate purchase price paid by the investor shall equal the lower price issuance
 subject to certain exceptions
 as defined.

















The warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of $0.03
 per share
 subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events
 as defined. The warrants contain anti-dilution protection for as long as such warrant is outstanding such that if the Company issues securities for consideration less than the exercise price
 then the exercise price shall be reduced to such lower price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant shall be increased.


In connection with the Offering
 the Company granted the investors &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights and the investors are entitled to a right of participation in future financings conducted by the Company for a period of twenty-four months.


The Company paid placement agent fees of $144
000 in cash
 issued an aggregate of 599
999 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and issued a warrant to purchase up to 5
399
998 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock as commission in connection with the sale of the shares and warrants. In addition
 the Company permitted the conversion of an aggregate of $13
500 of unpaid fees owed to a consultant into 450
000 shares and warrants at the Offering price.


Pursuant to the subscription agreement
 certain members of the Company&#8217;s management have agreed to invest an aggregate of $250
000 into the Company within 30 days of the closing
 on the same terms of the agreement. The investment required by management has been extended to April 15
 2014.

















    

















I
 Saverio Pugliese certify that:



1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Be Active Holdings
 Inc.;





2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;













a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;






c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and






5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.









March 28
 2014






































    

















I
David Wolfson
 certify that:

1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Be Active Holdings
 Inc.;



2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;













a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;






c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and






5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.










March 28
 2014


































 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



    















18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350









In connection with the Annual Report of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Saverio Pugliese
 President of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



























The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.













Date: March 28
 2014




























 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



    















18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350









In connection with the Annual Report of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 David Wolfson
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



























The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.











Date:&#160;&#160;March 28
 2014







































        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013
 the Company
 Be Active&#13;Acquisition Corp.
 the Company&amp;#146;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&amp;#147;Acquisition Sub&amp;#148;) and Be Active&#13;Brands
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Brands&amp;#148;)
 an entity incorporated in Delaware March 10
 2009 and based in New York
 entered into an Agreement&#13;of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#147;Merger Agreement&amp;#148;). Upon closing of the transaction under the Merger Agreement&#13;(the &amp;#147;Merger&amp;#148;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Brands
 with Brands as the surviving corporation
 and became a&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. At the closing of the Merger an aggregate of 1
000 shares of Brands&amp;#146; Class A common&#13;stock and 299.6 shares of Class B common stock
 issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted&#13;into 29
502
750 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 per share. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement

 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 the Company&#13;transferred all of its pre-Merger assets and liabilities to another wholly-owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware&#13;corporation (&amp;#147;SplitCo&amp;#148;). Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company transferred all of the outstanding&#13;capital stock of SplitCo to a former officer and director of Holdings in exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock held by such person (the &amp;#147;Split-Off&amp;#148;)
 which left 20
851
336 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock held by persons who were stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and which constitute the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s &amp;#147;public float&amp;#148; prior to the Merger that will continue to represent the shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock eligible for resale without further registration by the holders thereof
 until such time as the applicability of Rule&#13;144 or other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &amp;#147;Securities Act&amp;#148;) or the&#13;effectiveness of a further registration statement under the Securities Act

&#13;the assets and liabilities and the operations reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger are those of&#13;Brands and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Brands and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the&#13;Merger include the assets and liabilities of the Company and Brands

 New Jersey
&#13;Connecticut
 Massachusetts
 Rhode Island
 Maine
 Pennsylvania
 Ohio and Florida but substantially discontinued its&#13;sales operations after March 2013 as a result of a working capital shortage (see Note 2). Upon the resumption of sales
 the&#13;Company intends to expand its regional growth to a national level and global presence in sales of premium quality low-fat
&#13;low calorie
 low-carbohydrate


 2013
 has a working capital deficiency of $683
734
 an accumulated deficit&#13;of $5
784
122 and stockholders&amp;#146; deficit of $680
171. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent&#13;on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating expenses until it become profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain&#13;adequate capital

&#13;the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&amp;#146;s plan is to obtain such resources for&#13;the Company through sales of its products in combination with equity and/or debt financing. While as indicated in Note 16
 the&#13;Company obtained approximately $1
800
000 of gross proceeds from an equity offering on February 14
 2014


 share&#13;and per share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22


 including cash
 accounts receivable

 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which&#13;may be unrecoverable. The allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&amp;#146;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness&#13;and current economic trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted&#13;and the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012

 raw materials and finished goods held for distribution. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out)&#13;or market. In evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount&#13;of inventory on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory

775 for the years ended December 31
&#13;2013 and 2012


 which extend the lives of the assets

 net of discounts
&#13;rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which&#13;occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment

 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date&#13;of the grant
 as subsequently adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 9). Common stock equivalents are valued&#13;using the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
&#13;an expected dividend yield of zero

 2012 and the effect of outstanding warrants and convertible&#13;stock for the year ended December 31



 if any

843 and $26
115 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

    
    
    
    

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;91
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Finished product&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;184
830&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;276

 2013 resulted from the write-off in the quarter ended June 30
 2013 of $151


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;91
814&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Finished product&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;184
830&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;276

    

    

    


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;6
138&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;2
276&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Less: &amp;#160;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
599&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Balance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;6
138&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;2
276&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Less: &amp;#160;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1
599&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Balance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3

    
    
    
    


 the Company received advances&#13;from two common stockholders who borrowed amounts under a $200
000 bank revolving credit facility
 which was guaranteed by the&#13;Company and collateralized by the Company&amp;#146;s assets. In November 2012
 the $198
000 balance then outstanding under the line&#13;of credit was repaid by the Company from additional funds received from the stockholders. Such funds are included in &amp;#147;due&#13;to officers/stockholders&amp;#148; on the balance sheets at December 31
 2013 and 2012. The line of credit with the bank was discontinued&#13;on December 3

    
    

 2012
 Due to&#13;officers/stockholders was comprised of unsecured advances from three officers/stockholders and one stockholder. As of December&#13;31
 2013
 amounts payable to an officer/stockholder and two stockholders comprised Due to officers/stockholders. One of the officers&#13;resigned on March 22


 2012
 the Company&#13;entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement to sell up to a maximum of $600

 being accrued on the unpaid principal amount of the Notes until paid upon&#13;maturity
 or earlier prepayment or conversion
 as defined. The Notes also contained a provision requiring mandatory conversion&#13;to common stock upon the occurrence of certain events
 such as the Merger and were converted into 2
076

&#13;the Company sold $135
000 and $250
000
 respectively
 of the 10% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes to investors. Through December&#13;31
 2012 and June 30
 2013
 accrued interest on the Notes was $8
663 and $9
612
 respectively
 and was settled in shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock. On January 3
 2013

 $394
612 in Notes and accrued interest was converted to&#13;an aggregate of 2
076

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Amounts&#13;due from these customers represented approximately
 100% and 86%
 of accounts receivable outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and&#13;2012

    
    

 2013
 the&#13;Company adopted a Stock Option Plan (&amp;#147;Plan&amp;#148;) to provide an incentive to attract
 retain and reward persons performing&#13;services
 including employees
 consultants
 directors and other persons determined by the Board
 through equity awards. The Plan&#13;shall continue in effect until its termination by the Board provided that all awards are granted within ten years
 as defined.&#13;The Plan is administered by the Board and has 8
550

 2013

    
    
    

 2013
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its then chief executive officer for a term of two years
&#13;to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention&#13;not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance&#13;with the Company&amp;#146;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain&#13;financial targets as defined. The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive&#13;Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&amp;#146;s chief executive officer
 resigned from all positions he held with the Company and&#13;was serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 a year
 plus the other provisions as provided in the original employment&#13;contract.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;In May 2013
 the prior executive officer agreed to reduce the annual fee to $90
000&#13;until the Company has sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
000 per year. Through December 31
 2013
 the Company&#13;paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former officer agreed to end&#13;his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31

 2013 the Company&#13;entered into an employment agreement with its chief financial officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for&#13;successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The&#13;agreement provides for a base annual salary of $80
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s regular&#13;payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined.&#13;The agreement includes other benefits and grants under the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. The chief financial officer&amp;#146;s&#13;employment agreement has been amended to provide that the base salary under the agreement be applied to the extent of accounting&#13;fees to the public accounting firm
 where he is a partner that provides nonaudit services to the Company. Costs incurred pursuant&#13;to this agreement for the year ended December 31

 2013
 the&#13;Company entered into an employment agreement with its President for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive&#13;one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement&#13;provides for a base salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s regular payroll practices&#13;and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions

 2013
 the&#13;Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive&#13;one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement&#13;provides for a base salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s regular payroll practices&#13;and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions

 2013
 the Company&#13;entered into a five year and one month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 effective February 17
 2013
 with base rent at&#13;$39
260
 per year
 subject to certain increases as defined. The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security&#13;deposit and the personal guaranty of the President of the Company. The rent is due in monthly installments commencing April 1

370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;Total&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;181

 the Company entered&#13;into an Investor Relations Consulting Agreement (Agreement) with an investor relations firm to provide consulting services regarding&#13;financial markets and exchanges
 competitors
 business acquisitions and other aspects of or concerning the Company&amp;#146;s business.&#13;The Agreement is for a term of twelve months commencing August 16
 2013
 with a one month cancellation option for either party.&#13;The Agreement calls for a monthly consulting and services fee of $2
000. In addition
 the Company agreed to grant to the consultant&#13;an aggregate of 3
500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted stock
 valued at $70
000
 ($0.02
 per share)
 the price of&#13;the stock at the time of the Agreement. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has recorded $52
500 as consulting expense and $17
500&#13;as prepaid consulting fees. As at December 31
 2013
 3
500

 2013
 the Company&#13;entered into a Term Sheet with a capital investor whereby the Company has the right to issue up to $5
000
000 of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock to the investor over a term of three years in exchange for cash advances to the Company. Upon execution of the Term&#13;Sheet on October 31
 2013
 the Company paid the investor $30
000 of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock (1
056
338 shares&#13;at $0.0284 per share)

 2013
 the investor&#13;delivered to the Company a Reserve Financing Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;)
 which was executed by the Company on January&#13;6
 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company may require the investor to purchase advance shares
 as defined
 at&#13;a purchase price of 90% of the market price of the average of the three lowest best closing prices of the stock during the fifteen&#13;consecutive weekday trading days immediately after the date on which the Company provides an advance notice
 as defined. The dollar&#13;amount of common stock sold to the investor in each advance may be up to $250
000; however
 each advance is not to exceed more&#13;than 350% of the average daily trading volume for a previous 15 day period. The Company is required to reserve fifty million shares&#13;of its common stock for the issuance of the securities to the investor and has provided certain representations and warranties&#13;under the Agreement. Unless terminated earlier
 as defined
 the Agreement terminates automatically on the earlier of the first&#13;day of the month next following the 6-month anniversary of the effective date or the date on which the investor shall have made&#13;payment of advances pursuant to the Agreement in the aggregate of the commitment amount of $5
000


&#13;the Company agreed to transfer to the investor
 common stock of the Company equal to two percent of the commitment amount which&#13;is $100
000. The 3
584
229 shares to be transferred was determined using the purchase price formula

 2014


370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 12pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;181

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Gross sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;164
552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
787
947&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Less:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Sales discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26
826&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Credits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
449&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Returns and allowances&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Trade spending&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;44
329&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;676
943&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Slotting fees&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;117
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
028


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 56%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Gross sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;164
552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
787
947&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Less:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Sales discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26
826&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Credits&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;507&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
449&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Returns and allowances&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Trade spending&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;44
329&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;676
943&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Slotting fees&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;117
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
028

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    

 2013&#13;and 2012
 the Company incurred fees of $80
140 and $69
246
 respectively

 2013
 the effective date of the lease for space in Great&#13;Neck
 New York. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 rent paid was $31
175 and $40
154

 from time to time during the year ended December 31
 2012
 certain officers/stockholders advanced from their personal&#13;funds amounts due by the Company for outstanding invoices and costs. Such amounts which were repaid without interest aggregated&#13;approximately $28
000 in 2012

    
    
    
    
    

 2014
 the holders&#13;representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company&#13;to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000

 February and March
&#13;2014
 an aggregate of 6
177
537 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was converted to 6
177

 February and March
&#13;2014
 an aggregate of 86
233
334 warrants to purchase common stock were exercised in a cashless conversion to an aggregate of 70
580

 2014
 the Company&#13;designated and authorized to issue 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (&amp;#147;Series C Preferred Stock&amp;#148;)
&#13;par value $0.0001
 per share
 at a stated value of $0.0001

 2014
 the Company&#13;sold to certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of its common stock
&#13;26
666
667 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.03
 per share
 for gross proceeds of $1
800
000. Until the earlier&#13;of (i) three years from the closing of the Offering or (ii) such time as no investor holds any shares of common stock underlying&#13;warrants or underlying the Series C Preferred Stock
 in the event the Company issues or sells common stock at a per share price&#13;equal to less than $0.03
 per share
 as adjusted
 the Company has agreed to issue additional securities such that the aggregate&#13;purchase price paid by the investor shall equal the lower price issuance
 subject to certain exceptions

 per share
 subject to adjustment upon the&#13;occurrence of certain events
 as defined. The warrants contain anti-dilution protection for as long as such warrant is outstanding&#13;such that if the Company issues securities for consideration less than the exercise price


000 in cash
 issued an aggregate of 599
999 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock and issued a warrant to purchase&#13;up to 5
399
998 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock as commission in connection with the sale of the shares and warrants.&#13;In addition
 the Company permitted the conversion of an aggregate of $13
500 of unpaid fees owed to a consultant into 450

&#13;certain members of the Company&amp;#146;s management have agreed to invest an aggregate of $250
000 into the Company within 30 days&#13;of the closing
 on the same terms of the agreement. The investment required by management has been extended to April 15

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 share&#13;and per share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22




 including cash
 accounts receivable


 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which&#13;may be unrecoverable. The allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&amp;#146;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness&#13;and current economic trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted&#13;and the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012


 raw materials and finished goods held for distribution. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out)&#13;or market. In evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount&#13;of inventory on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory


775 for the years ended December 31
&#13;2013 and 2012




 which extend the lives of the assets


 net of discounts
&#13;rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which&#13;occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment


 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date&#13;of the grant
 as subsequently adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 9). Common stock equivalents are valued&#13;using the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
&#13;an expected dividend yield of zero


 2012 and the effect of outstanding warrants and convertible&#13;stock for the year ended December 31




 if any


843 and $26
115 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


&#13;the Company sold an aggregate of 1
826
087 units (&amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;) in a private placement (&amp;#147;Private Placement&amp;#148;).&#13;$419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 an aggregate of $394
612 of the outstanding 10%&#13;convertible promissory notes and accrued interest converted into the Private Placement at a per Unit price of $0.19. Each Unit&#13;consisted of (i) one share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of the&#13;purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number&#13;of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share. In connection with the Private&#13;Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &amp;#147;Registration Rights Agreement&amp;#148;)&#13;whereby the Company agreed to register the shares underlying the Units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration&#13;Statement to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and to cause such Registration&#13;Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date. On May 15
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was&#13;amended to extend the filing date from 120 days to 180 days after the closing date. On July 2
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement&#13;was further amended to extend the filing date from 180 days to 240 days after the closing date. The Company filed a Registration&#13;Statement on Form S-1 on September 25
 2013 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock

 2013
 the Board of&#13;Directors approved the authorization of 150
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 of which 40
000
000&#13;shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote on all matters&#13;and the shares are convertible to the Company&amp;#146;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of common stock for each one&#13;share of Series A Preferred Stock upon notice to the Company

 2013
 the Company&#13;commenced a second private placement
 offering a minimum of $1
000
000 of units
 each comprised of one share of common stock and&#13;warrants to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05
 per share
 for three years at a purchase price of&#13;$0.03
 per unit. The warrants are subject to registration rights
 as defined and cashless exercise is permitted. On April 25
 2013
&#13;the Company consummated the private placement which began on March 15
 2013 and sold to certain accredited investors an aggregate&#13;of 28
333
334 units with gross proceeds to the Company of $850
000 less $150
000 of offering costs. The offering costs include&#13;2
083
334 units valued at $62

&#13;the Company granted the investors demand registration rights
 commencing 30 days after the closing of the Offering and ending one&#13;year after the closing of the Offering
 pursuant to which investors holding at least 50% of the outstanding securities sold in&#13;the Offering may request on 60 days&amp;#146; notice
 the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
&#13;covering the resale of securities underlying the units. Additionally
 the Company granted the investors &amp;#147;piggy-back&amp;#148;&#13;registration rights for a period of 180 days beginning on the closing date of the Offering. The Company added a Supplement to the&#13;Security Purchase Agreement
 offering any investor of units who as a result of the purchase becomes a beneficial owner of 5% or&#13;more of the outstanding number of common shares

 the Company was required to issue to investors in the January 9
 2013 private placement (the &amp;#147;Prior Investors
&#13;and such offering
 the &amp;#147;Prior Offering&amp;#148;) additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such Prior Investor&#13;who would
 as a result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common&#13;stock
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such Prior Investors&#13;under the terms of the Prior Offering. As a result of the foregoing
 in April 2013
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional&#13;(a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional&#13;22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Ratchet Securities&amp;#148;).&#13;Furthermore

 the shareholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&amp;#146;s reverse-merger and various financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc.&#13;dated as of January 26
 2011
 management determined that it was in the best interest of its stockholders to issue additional shares&#13;of common stock to certain of the original shareholders of Brands who
 as a result of the reverse-merger consummated on January&#13;9
 2013
 became shareholders of the Company. Accordingly
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock&#13;to these original Brands shareholders
 exclusive of current management

 on April 26
 2013
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors authorized four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible&#13;Preferred Stock (the &amp;#147;Series B Preferred Stock&amp;#148;) and issued one share of Series B Preferred Stock to each of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;three senior members of management. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled such number of votes on all matters submitted&#13;to stockholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder
&#13;(b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock (taking into account the effective outstanding&#13;voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number of shares&#13;of Common Stock beneficially held by such holder on such date. Additionally
 on the six month anniversary date of issuance of&#13;the Series B Preferred Stock
 each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock was to automatically
 and without further action&#13;on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as would cause the&#13;holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company&amp;#146;s beneficially owned on the conversion date by them
 13.334%&#13;of the issued and outstanding Common Stock
 calculated on the conversion date. On October 25
 2013
 the Company amended and restated&#13;the Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series B Shares would&#13;automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock
 from the date six months from&#13;the date of issuance (October 26
 2013) to the twelfth month anniversary of the date of issuance of the shares of Series B Preferred&#13;Stock (April 26
 2014). The Company previously recorded the three shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as stock-based&#13;compensation based at the then current estimate that the shares that would convert to shares of common stock of the Company based&#13;on the shares outstanding and current price per share at each balance sheet date. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recalculated&#13;the estimated shares to be 38
435
217
 and recorded an aggregate of $1
921
761 in stock-based compensation. The estimate is based&#13;on the current common shares outstanding at December 31
 2013
 a stock price of $0.05 and is subject to adjustment based on any&#13;additional common shares issued through April 26

 contingent with the&#13;resignation of the Company&amp;#146;s then chief executive officer
 the Company agreed to purchase from the former executive 4
339
555&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock for $0.0001

 2013
 the Company&#13;had warrants to purchase 55
217

902
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;01/09/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;$0.03&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;28
333
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;$0.05*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;22
980
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;$0.05*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;55
217

 2013
 which was amended and re-filed on February 12
 2014
 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock. Such registration relates to the shares and related warrants issued in the private placement&#13;through December 31
 2013 and are currently under review by the Securities and Exchange Commission. As of December 31
 2013
 a&#13;total of $55


 2013
 the Company&#13;has filed its income tax returns for the years through December 31

 2013

 2013
 the Company&#13;has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $4
000
000 to reduce future Federal and state taxable income through 2032&#13;and $1
922
000 of temporary differences in the timing of the deduction for stock-based compensation. However
 as a result of the&#13;recent and potential changes in the share ownership of the Company
 future utilization of the net operating losses may be limited&#13;pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Service. The maximum net operating loss carryforward which could be utilized as&#13;of December 31
 2013 pursuant to Section 382 for Be Active Brands is $185
000 a year
 based on the approximately $2
500

249
000 at December 31
 2013 is not considered more likely than not
 a valuation&#13;allowance of $2
249
000 at December 31
 2013 has been provided. The valuation allowance increased by $1
275
000 from December 31


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

902
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;01/09/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;$0.03&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;28
333
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;$0.05*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;22
980
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;04/26/2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;$0.05*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11.5pt&gt;55
217

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 par value $0.0001
 per share
 150
000
000 shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 as follows: Series A Preferred stock
 40
000
000 shares designated; 39
441
458 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013; Series B Convertible Preferred stock; 4 shares designated; 3 shares issued and outstanding at December 31




 par value $0.0001
 per shares
 400
000
000 shares authorized; 97
325
231 and 29
502
750 shares issued and issuable at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012



      


      



339



      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      







 beginning



      






      











 net of deferred financing costs








 net of related fees








 net of related fees



      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      





 ending



      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      







      

      

      







      















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        

826
087
        
        
        


        

000

120
000

000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

612

612
        
        


        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

921
761
        
        


        
        

339
555
        
        


        
        

009
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#


,@;?]ORWYM;YS;E\2$'*-UJ
MU35D7'
WY!



='$`XQ1P%!

M$:M`
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M,:M
:M,:M
M
:M,:M
:M,:M
:M,:M



M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@O
MYGUBETZ




^S/I#G\5C4YKQL7%JBJ?CD(?^?^?]


XPCXP#PP
M/O`(/#`H&R'4&P1[#)WL


M;)2777.B2!2&[[=J_P/%_8Y\J)FD8J8(DDS7:N




M!PD\OH6CPB/U(X\MG+5S/_-8X

MP\AW__SNSZ;P':=BXU(4(DV#A9Z[#`!\'\%51&9%%0X)V%+!R-IJDPZQ(Y
M



MP?B/

?K
MHXCA76,:;04&H'\2_\^R`$S:D




@C=PQ7O!=6%RX3+5
]1/?9
SX_`&[^Q<``/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-[JT0A6!0``0Q,``!@```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S


-3=VC[V_7GI



M$.S


!EZS4\PDI

V?AFL77I6)!)D$-A0(A

M1E?!$36F:8T^8I2#C:4QH92A(Q*W9@DU$!DB%DJB%![--$)J=)Y25_OZL#
MVA`KB;&;C9A1;4))%!H-+QLABMQI15:!)VM+5\Q'B5('O$]XD

M%LLS
2I'C#^TB20T/LY&E6U&N`'LM1UP7RR*()_(!3GD;4\\EB$&+/4)




MI`N`33
.L<'IB.'C:^K*B5F\$B12Y/<2G!OB8`G%XST#



U+GAM;(R576^;
!2&





U&9@)E'OSQ+Y*6*4`JR\3W&Z#0;.
M







M*FL`@&\DN*T

MQC]G_81BQ1;%WH)E6[L)\.[9HM&YEXKX#6U``AFZGL2*(9MG!X?38'CTVFDF










IW&9`0^AQO`ZB


$P![`J+H3WO%P85N9@G%S2&@MK`
`Y%G$09.4`'V4FS


M/KAG:7K%%;\!``#__P




MK7*%H%FB@4^G(D

FV*PTZ;=4G,TA\5=]M6G_^+==#+XKY(+O25/D?Q8U`K-AF=@'#%^
M9NB/G(7@Q_KHUW&[`'\W2HY.Z:VD_^#['Z@X7RBLM@L)L;R_U)`-#04:S

M
A]27
1ZB


9#$P

PXAF1=\A'S/A_!&JCWY=8P6+!&#NSE00'#CPPS-$Q#G'!4PRS0@Y


MY?F&5(#1K

M965T


M:J4[9F&IU\0

MC1S



98;(]XE4%0#.NX'WO#ESBQ+M.8GIL


M'X\?EK;%!6H+5-


4CD9:VE1^YH
UO+5(5#29^;Q(`?7_=7_C+R(OB_[LXFD@5


M3;`

M//=2$8QH

MU9V^JJ&C

J-+WT(GQ2:=



M_P







MR=2DZC9IDZ9I'\\..(E5P
AVFO;?[UX;*(8NC9:')

@N/$KPFK7
M

MK$E=I\H77PXU%V17PKR?PAG).VY]

9/=#&8&8ZJ<`+QCJZQV-+;FP=UZ6$
M12



M-EVX!\W:ZC(8U-*;$




E3P@V#3P3=U2NP7#
M&3!;9^-_.@
UMN?1-KE60&N8QLLB3L=S\@(1YD?




M)JB[E;;2:K679P=


SNON^


;(]


M


O6/

&N61^3(S




X$(;O1]IW
M0-PW8$XY*


MNUA]?:U*XX6VO&#UVB268QJTSMFNJ`]K\]]_GA[FIL%%5N^RDM5T;;Y1;G[=
M_/%E=6;M


MJ7G(6=6`Q+8H_'6B9I&E2^_'6K69ML2?+\2/\LOVMW)C7Q5YWC;\LD+,Q
MT%O/WMA@])FM2O`@4R[T=+]VGPDRY2XIKU9=0GZKZ!G?O7;X$=V_K
M=M^+


/$LJA5%XVOK-8V2\PO'G/1

M*IKN2
)0\5?9=@-_T.U2%R$#13F



Z


M/89J=!$R8QZ1P$(FZ8-6`LGX[?3ZMF
Y[RE6;!&HQNECU]&Z
6UMC'IHS%F/
M]



M;XZ;7P```/__`P!02P
;V$(\#0VIS6SG7S
M

MUTJT#DF

M^R5.&=]Q]Q=OZ)7D1EM=N@#H0C3Z-O
LG(7`M%P4$A+XLA

MB[X^?Z38V(-S8FN]^6ID\5VV`HH-;?(-6&G]Y*$/A;\%B\
WJ^_[!OPPI!`E




:AI?-%WBE[L%?V1?=6;O'&H4QR7F;T

)]DDX$7E1&3'F#&`^(H($`N#^C!.8540]G29%\X5$;
!`L?];_S

G2`


;1KN#L









A%



M=`]

M965T
BYX;6R4F%UOHS@4AN]7VO^`N&_`!O
1)1D-5-T=:4=:K?;CFA*2H`:(


M=JLM=FO[.UFF'K6=S6HPZ-^R.'?*[U9W:

MEO\)ONR
OOTT9.#/UMH6N^SUV/_5G'\OROVAAW0S6!%?V'+[\5AT.3@*81:4

V9TRO@?)$B)_

M
[DP312L;+HH#ANB?$
SR87PX;P@P[$D3$!F.A
9SB
ML#_LOR\858\1Q.'=4V^7KF$!'4%+#`&$YQ^
;NT\PBT&:FNS70AC3CP6



R&O
MB++7!R(E*L%+Y(A=&V\)D_7QFECSQDY2P@R:EH]L]P*!O4S%_Y=YN;E8K
MX`]8ICICYD0P8F;JN8%!I#H1^6$DSXPN;E8S(.-NX,NC)M*J5?O8XC
FDBK



L-+\2I!/$\G\1RC9IY=%:7

?[B




M`/__`P!02P

M971S+W-H965T


M74DJH4P:4F`!_'Q+:WYP*[

&K



FEQ-



MGL==+#0WNDZC^/QX.D53
\1IIQG-^J80%?.2-W2:?IYU
^0_A`
R)^4FWD


V8
M.+S(6_OQU]3R'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/E.8I(!3```?NX``!0`
M``!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;-R=VW(;R;6F[R=BWJ&B0XZF'!%\1

C9B+\+'X4/\E\_UJ9
M65E5`

/_#FLDW]^]_^_K?FS.?3\J$W'!3E
M)XSKC!V1)9S


MRUX=#08(RF2


MOK9AUV]OI^CNK]W=;/

W=







8
DVL@?
D'(FLQ7LP
20PC/BXV3H7I]EHTULQII5*

M(:C!QW!)L:8-

53&-3G`I;:_]=QK)ZTY309\S@5\

M.%V39:WW+CVL9M48N0]#V0')J*:49A'`%]-RWALJ4=&[P:84]^7TMIPVZ?VY



MD)YI@9ILIM4O/7W&IZPHS)




HF]
8FU



`^1

J)&VK-

M_779'(YRAOH?%$F=4]CLJS2P.DG8W2I^PMC.WN:
9^/B#[WQ0C7M0^^%Z!2D
MG;1H

F







0]I6QS?A]:SR0CY2?R#F36+6:W_6XX4W:U









'4#+J7$


MS`I\QM^$3?6E5T&(:U8TA`WYS0#L4F6(4BCV!@483KY_0]3FXQ029:-PN5
MF*Y[H!RQSPHV`)8^FXE;!!SA=C[TD)\%B951[\.$!XU:Z@)TOF*X!6XE'DA_



L776W9+7@GD&-NC&\@]'F*B1+?9V-+E&HQ^8
MAB

&O_H&F7UQ!

MW





Y[.UIB+:I^(P62A4
0=GX=JOX\YUJ?HCED`Z7OL$!C'?

M6I:QBZCC`/E?\5'R0^U.)D(F98%Q1[DL$H+#\N\@%K[.-%\XYNGBW!**RD&
M


M:0R&:B:
P;H2%XD_R^7
)6:<D(:<+HP;B82&J!VG0JF7`AS@$ZI-

DH$A=1

MO\JU2L

6LFMZ(6-(G7!




0\6;]P

MBPA;BI](RRU4?AJ7(X]3HOEEZU680&%F-';X1&D\.



M]C






M0HNEDGDR


A0YDR1E]H0I2]I%QH9(WV+N8JE/$D)&5L83MM8O#
MN?)CDJ/A[$?IBKB4\(]O_X0-E(2AWM%F;KS;.MMZO55(4F:Q2*-O)3?UO)JK
'+
M/(2S4P#HB_#!=2I(AYV3:$O@Z


IODUPA!





0.5%/0T*%L9'Z
M0,'*\![;;J:[-W=$;/(?+52V];&')[3T?SE0\4U01$=Z$R'NX/R-&2@QIXL
M:^)[`>S(CXY'XM8N:D8R
M63FGP68_1?F!B!/3C$C;AX26\?

M=.QP/@JFG3J+X@$6@5U%








:R



M&D^81W'/;W694^4C=:6FEZ4TUK/NX8$=I8LA
!_BE[.XUDG7LY8]13$#L5ZR

E#%@FLJD6__93LN:



9B

(\X0A/AJ

P$FF=ZF
JCJH;A!$1

SY)#ATL
5QYY\WR=FX

/(`!NX=R`(
/+


VXH/



MS-J4@7MA&*&^UD;BWX-

M2O9

N$)T2/T

VN04F`3IE'R?F^)DY\YLZ
M\JG8JE


M0GRJDD1F!$MJOC@W)
7&9(HI(U\%`67L%&04-1A$RTBZD+/TL@+FKJ(*Q+%C


M3GO80'D7^54!%ZHGPL9T/TX\H+_V*5-5





*W-W/O7H^$;]#U-PN^1A.SUJ_'A1FS4SP0$C1')P!XC2W

3[*)Y*4Z0#FG8H
D=!5CVH+@%T6EU<9E(^.R
^&LAW
5M:8(3C
HH(=]46UZ-`V)X
LJL*3G0-:_


M
.XN9[Y)D%I]K4
X$8GH

]^Z)!3[!(:-:
CE[0W`H@#[DG:Y;][




Z35


I]\G`5:YLC-='*W


Q:
MIT!:O*F@$DM76Z5Z_F\*1=
NVH%Y%N
;PX`&+#&7FB@KBHO)^8;.W=7@Z[D.

D7PK$ZGROY=OB(G$G
M_'(J`FR4!7]
+[1?QXUP@X<)36L4T%ZY#;70[Y1<9JX-KTPCZK4--N!9J*
($;T]<!DBE1:*C++_=+-Y=YD5AWR+/\CSJFR/][N1U?

MG!W.S'+F-BEY3NU.V+=K[Z%#XPP]^+6I%O=%$I*ES;1DA6#R:%Q2
#_I#%YM
M![0JNB;H.B):)[Z0X;7
YA-*8DKC?8=[.(NBBL.8FV/FPP=B
_^Y]]XWY$



2D8WJX\8#[83Q:



X5;45B@QY+GU435)IZ4H2:Q?Q


M-YA+5J;!5ZT`
.(V4`_1\95#&QR?;I




D(^'F%1*?
MDTX(W!OU%T`%L
3RX2T_=-:?3ZRM;VF&**;#Q3'YX)0J.M9I'5U+J-2F?JW9
M


M)


M984RGQ!1R1/;9GJ9(DM%5X?8JXEE[#+
4P75RAE(_[`?PX_/[^?MS?)5/'I0L2F?%3?6![FS@G29YM(%`\(DR
M_=5U93JL1&Y4;E`'2Q=372#%(^W,\Y_#D<DF^XX,`S9;P.JHV?I+4WB,F*;5
M[[N@[NP?0(CWI^1(%WFH3::]L\NO0D^X%NUFC=).TWG?%<1_[8Z;:&1F@.\



M*.`A\OH1)@@E1+D!`V)5^
I^?\S7:XDAK;?&BU2


ECKYY\J17'
Q/5IK;T?^4*)!EA

MI^VP

CY4V$

:%Q

MK&YRYTIH_R61E6



@H.7EE^3'5Z:8XG6)^F;_53+B0#PJ'=+LN
MJDOX5I%'].:64_;_`:L3C\*3JE/#M13YX.6OK/\PTYD$N\EKE6X5_F/:`P:



N=(=7




M
4?UK%@3]A/U9#
M[?4[=G+0Y`

M[)JE4(1/)

MQ7H


3KR:C.!)BQ\C6




M1+`ID654+B7V(
=2!;5SXD:'?



1JZA]S)XX_^-

O4X7B2PF0`!1!=0=NK`U-1SNJBWQJ3Q/3[DRM=A]7IW@(

6H#KQ_]:ND#;?E_H:&_C;\AA/
M=3F31$0;QYJZKADSAX#=


M^9%Y9:F08'566\$SGOU`BXCH


%L


M:-JO*3(S(.]=%4M@J'6
I3)[&-&H%8(WW*+@A@4(/024$O/+\7')8=Q8'I3D

M)+4DP:

M%T-Y!]FUY+@-U\]!O`:
Y^V$%;3#4O_EM\\$ZJ-TF*(S@H@0(.;]$'?5DV?$
MBZ^\AH7J1FDSX*:?A+1VM53[WO$H5[7O):.F'H]2B%*8
SKGJJ


MVG;BN++HK]2#1_)(X
$8DV0B16H#CI`
;M&0*(\8[(0)`=1`I/Q-OF6^;-9:

&RW55UKON^]UEG4LEH3C&^I^D8$P-98
5VRS_.K%@KLX
M@88L3DCX0KT@G




M6


$+C&2%P]$%]O
M8WN7MH=;R+7/Z2F'
+)[)]+&E56




Y(-0$(
M##+F(%(+'Z[M`&YSAF9=*1)NAC6[P.F:Z`WGXA$S`UN!!WB=)RPH;:2&IS1V

MB`I%?2N_
-U_KARU/%*

M


MV[+F622*GR3*G@'UC=!%^*U8P)##7
AG4%S^QIVN)V4J.K$6'2SUBX$5G!RJ



:]1?#V1WZ\-@?_N4$5
P6/\9H=B




M


M(MT.#$0:0:*23W4XBK0L8)J
5(D\$4T@DMIQ`3*M`2(%Q//N#?L#SSFTG4
<$Z/.+2XAM'W<4#B'RBX!IB#EO#DE&4E5.5ZNI&'YF!%\4V7RZ




5=%F&X

MW=D4@9'I3HWB!((=WB+))`Q=?J&%OF*Z6Y((JZ!C9&XGIPVQA9UH\Y='4:(
MW0XAV2?(4%8DMD\T26:1&!2*26.VA?^LQ9$MQ$SL^H0P74XT.#I-/A:J9S3



MN=8B_=AECJETOG&=YQ=P3%]]L6(I%P;%M?+*!
D2*#K8_ZY!QEJF\**U)*B&


U



E86
D*
ME1(+M1Z.YX4[3ZAG@-&C\^IAAL'%*F(&YQ-=@W`;J2D)0Q#S[4)LMIX?1.X8


BP9VT$1E/E-

MK)A-!1/.#D


M[9?4@?WQM4$BD;1?[@BP!I.7B0I916..WE1MT.
.[R=I`6QSM!2\JOC/(VX:





)SSZ_].4QSKK9





.!V'U
M%\

:`\9(!;`.\#:AHH7QX?A



CV@`.'7[G:8J;<`G2(3M


/(U

M@M*-#0R*I/MR*KG8SG26:P
8JHVZC/8U;VYU]0?VRBH_VJ^3IQ]BZ;)]`\%.

JGCTN:WR69MCW
P[:2B3!!E7D!1@W$U'W;Y9@U
MZ5

M]MXUF'9D
MO=?/;L2
`D01:(K8NR)*_EQ4@VDP$FD\6.@P3(!@$E43;7/!2*FK$WR']/5?.J
MED2R23753I`5=BQ1ZJI7KXX^V1OOGOQ7.V+'6Z=P)_JO<NNKMG^
E@Y_N-4

4;:X[





M$VLXKYX%HDEM&B

+AWY#A0-3)I45LWWH[NST2E?69%U21D^5P9@PLEET8'4+<GOD8FO<\3)




^:




U5D1



?`MUQX
MVTE;I']+6L)Y/3B%-]6C)V?Y#

3:RB+0U9U3-P-F&
C.[(&/:OX@F;



M6HC:R


%`IB%I@@@0'

A5

M









CX^




=2





U?R\RM;5MY
%S&U8FUA7=_\TG7I@O%TS?`4

NUN




54&
M2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8Q

7R%O6N
M0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'
M0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P


S6KZ1$
M0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ
)A;$SH;!/T06+D)QW[-&LX[





M+:5\IH@8A.


`U!!7?4YK\@A_J_S3E+

MFWIO]U`(H6ZJ25H&#.YD_+GO:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-
M36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2BS:IG60'

M2#LX@L;)#MI@TJ2L:=/625LMVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[
MM;!C:SNVTM3@V9


$%``&``@````A`-6;2P^9!0``]QL``!D`


.6NT^/50DXC(CV^%*27&"LGEJ4\-





].9FZ8CS30A*1*I

M8*

1B$\C`8V$-!(I$=%.Z-L'[.2T-&_.
M):]<R$<Y]9D<L=-).#SN^3=:T44B$\C`8V$-!(I$=%-GL@/#TY
^X7@G
M/


$%``&``@````A`+9Z`$6(!0``MQP`








MLIC18&5;)74T
TUC


M:[FVR.\:)+1$JO)*958RQ`G:6@F]Z'-M&-I2^826GS2
Q1CXO6-TGMET&94G


B
MXSYBYKR.]X#1!1V?

M&S'!%A

58C('?*R,0&Y2P4<)!1<E/$9
ZCZ@FF/XXWWU[X%Y]WEP

69:UUV?:Y-;QO5@OV'/
MH7S?N6BCA(
2+DIX*.&C1(`2(4I$?01G%2QE!EA%:=$J8:RV&--CQ881S$S8






M``#__P



I2=N/WB

MM.3&+H2CQ(AMC%7R3P`ESE1+TCF2P/-(DB31J-_O#4;#_[*0X

M[1`
#6B:AKH13%)@=IEUH3[W
P
W+N;%!?E00!OHQG;:ZPXF9`LE9$?
[!YF
H!PP
M0U\3Z$T
5XMXIPSF+G-^K.XNZ
I![\P?'`3

/$6XBBY+P\#\W%Y%W0M?^8/


Z8I)!1L
MOBU3E0V``_2'![

E=P@N#9RI.V*O8#@#YT-D

C8K'K.-TK)RFJPOYS0(DU%!U\?KV6V49`/Y1?<\.NY
MK'C
%0^^+F=.

MJC'

O`F4$GENJT;&-GU
M'6LC#73)_K&&CR*#USSP0%Q*:0X#VT2&S^SB#P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
M```A`
P#.

MD`2Q\$4%_OS[E^YT$M=?WO/

MBX1FO&`;]X
)]\OVTQ_K


M?9[&%1=\+R=@YR%H?\Q+;^F!TW:=I#`E7:G8ON-^T16$5FXWG9=)^B_E)V%
M]ML11W[^LTJ3O].0;:A3I+N_F49BR5+H'*NHRJRX_Q5O?H5;OD01-0%43\

2'!6!(/1U4G[)E*NEU7_.S`=`5N45(U


H
4P5;;P/


M*)G5C?E`YE
6V2G<NYW`^BV+TNK$L-$8F%;71%<T
M0YQJ$1Y=8()+MKZ4$&MJA8WF-A_ZZ)HA/K58C^?#I5WG^RV):C18P=VWU[1

M``#__P





M!]4M:D0&0@2N0L09/YP

M\6;


P:Q]AJQ+.


I&!UL=N#KP


M&=6ZMR+HGK=-2.
M(EM$7$0\1'Q$`D1VB.P11&)ND3Q%FQ4JO1^=;+HVD+9
M]#4GXV$SMI\%@4MKLS-3ZW.#TK:(N(T0FW^=OCU4-3R4X2,2#*NY_!A?S#I
MJR([E+)')$0DZA+%3EA5%3OY^M-CJ^)]9UFBZBPGXTGKK#M/+I!,5M$W9+
MV*A-%1[*\`69-4\..)GTN8WVU-:6NAT2V2





M)$0DZA+%.]B*?L

7(G:1$^B-M%O




MG7\#9J0XD6=RN91&0M_85S@K_H8V)P1/M=D:7[.3`]8).G?FL
7_@@_FL&/%

C8N

M#3

M:]OJAZ(]%#5I\=9^P[W]=??K+YLKZ9[Z










K+&787+H1O^/P
M![E`Z+-+ZF2=82J:1;[#!_SL30]MB6!-H-2$
A/*%4@-GVZU1OCR^'__*57L



M_P




M?SBCEX)I951I(Z`C(=%SSVNR)LTW10'+BR(\W+'._B[&:-R7;CZ_-3\*
9

M\PTZ
/0`;`UU.Z]M`
V0AJ&:+^W`7GHH;HBD_DJ
6W8YI76W(%F[B7]E;MRY
MJ4(?@9

MCYE83S5?]N+`4ZD^
O(25E:XTI+KBK_G36


?L

#Q8U4&:L



T6A8*,LR


MXGW7-^[)84L^;;Q/\SNBU15[:';,T@(\\J*YUOI!!04:*)TADS-!``7(E6





=DS_
M6
.O1
)YBB
`E\;XPPL(L^'GM/H+``#__P
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM;*R86V^K.!#'
MWU?:[X!X/R%`+@U*<M2$NW:EU6HOSY0X6J((Z!-^^UW;&/`GFPW/=N7TOP8



OSX6
MEUIZ*_-[W)59]?QR^9;3\@(NGHI3T;QSIZ91YEYR.-

NE;_X#

MZ\'_1GVDUZ@J=K\49P)JPSRQ&7BB])F9)CN&H+&%6H=\!GZKC!W99R^GYG=Z


;#:HSHG3.H%GZ\19W-UXTC:&IVQ\


M@U`'D0YB'20Z2`?``EDZ;2#1OT(;YH9I(Z/:2#`02Q-6L@FO@X'80ZB'00


M#I9/!

YTKGU^A-)S7U]&$O6=Q7=UED@KFW<VFVM1I-+QC42&:5?D
M_8\=@9EK.Z1`PT.470^!U0#Y&`48A1A%&

M#SY+
&E^Q`?LVJ0W&NC1/9PZ2
^99:
MB6M'\:.A%Y@LN

X`MM/())WU/:R!_0L=5=.*__`0``__\#

MLNK\0

?J[U5GRN2;5NG\F@YP^'$*K/B9/((7O69&'2W



)9?*(XY[DUMR#2:K$M(`
F


(N7T

MJ



M$(D121!)9:*(`GW



MS%S3@R
''E(%:)/:L`8#'!VGKR5?(-41Z=0YJ@4V4G




M*&2T7L&W7*^D59YI]L^ZZ]E/7D2.X9X$AD
M-2HA'Z
`HQC*

M]M`+X;6/OX$&`F+=^@9N59_:!4:C@\.-2&O'@QL
/

M4.2F(*`'?T7T

6D
OY]YT9%LP.K&'[




MKF'_U2F]5*VW+)GC+HO+U[?+EZ3(+N#B)3VG]0]R:EM9LOEVS(LR?CE#W)]N


M:R\.\=NY_K/X^$VDQU
-Y0XA(@QLL__Q)*H$
@IN%EZ(GI+B#!N`GU:68FM`


M.V0CD9C'!@





(\))F5\:0JNN
M6Y


M(J8#$X$

MV?139?!DOQT0+5
Y6I-:&4U$OI$


$M1!$8
M'V=WOFM$


28)KN:
#9DD

MU
&;_AY$RQC'F#JXFF
V
E('0C

\8BHQ
MT1!2!WJ]1@Y@`\.OW-&(-$SK-ZUB`8TI@ZNY+$1&RD!HQJ95AH@IPT2NY/3W



7\-:X7$!!#D51MQ_PBW#W
M*G__'P```/__`P!02P



WY'K]^=-JK_2#*3BW'C!4)B:%M?62
M4I

M[Z=PS)(#=S







`
[?XLUO\!``#__P
`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!KLBL@-@








M25TQ;+UP#L3GC8`#Q*X1O30S+!7#=E_6863V8*^0,:B&O/@,/!YP#0(J*-
M

VIAQ@VB8Q`@_0TB


M%0X:=:CKZ



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`=PIMP\@8``*T?```8

Q

QRC&6







!/0



MSHPU2-.
9






1CFS36H'FBIN/(

=)%9OW+V31)$C&/]$`X#B3<-S[[*2#LW5XU:B07B&?O#X6T#2CR]@
MQWQDX3Y&/R'[Q&=F%KL(T@48B-!EZT@(PI6AN.9V+G.3A2PG7
5X2]25:+H*

.1(*X@@_
X2&O+$]UL2(4MX
M


J]?\R0_'ALK


M`/__`P!02P


Y!DD'K1`TPRP6.[/7
MCJTD1MM68F=[K??HDC)8MEBV=
NWNAPOYPVYS
MJIOZM5VW$K=Z.68XU6\`J7GQ^T.1B!MGYVJUZ?Y-_90NMY\]?S8&?37KOIJ



7PV9L1
O`O%E'\9*Q4<7;MFZ73\_GNJO


C`OV'F&?;!;CFV[[9HE!=A&]$@$L6H488A


X^#\;;UL;L*&XJVDD1#VE$G0H:GNMUF
M)XWD1B\+?M%-06L(&BFMB.FHS
I104/G/TSE\F8RB?+]1$.#HSYSW0M7E9#5




0QE*?1*F
#5TCI]N/A1T/X)&2MQ/X)VGI6FH3/51G-Y@
MJH0S#A%4DB7VBZVJL+.*!$Z%)F6H$?)M
[CH<CU5S?WJP%%\9</EDY;G&E$2D2RR\6TOX=)$4'W








:37B'(AC@,//=6UA`T4AK=

MF':B.HFP\TI]A

)722$8C.8T4&E'!NW!Y&#&\N@I:IK3+F(:B*H@P]%KU@S;L
MQ%60.D`7AS@+3HUV-_;0`\ETN^6!Y(:$#X?*0@<M-H6!+/PP\AC.BH7)7.;K
M9GL0.2P\5RBFC7W=ZR6DD:KI8MVE@1.BDM(Q0+8R'WNGGM7+SP-1EIYY?6<
M9M2JBU[[YT/CY)I;T(@P;F

M_P




/_AW-P&JM96[Y%KR_[E]?:IZMH;2#PWEV;\





M32Y.!4OW/V4;
H14GI#

+E%5%.#N58XF
/66@Q/9
M2`9B&4AD()6!3`9R&2AF@`&V,&^@UC[&R2#O*%1[2C`S;(E(RB##HED():!



2-1:Q
%214D4Y!
Y^YVJ%G-$\`8UR_-S^$Y90+=$
MZP*Q11
P8L]W!'L5B-O&GI!L7BKWAMFR.83D3N99ONMY4J`)DZ&!ILJC
L:9
M5:7\J%Q\5+`
5JX41


ME



MY@)




7(UK%/&%5%N$_OQ]OUAA)1:J$%+RB$7ZC$M]M/W_:'+EX

MJ3=#BE$9AT]9Q079%Z#[U9N3N.4V'R?T)8L%ESQ5


H`9#<4!6E[?3W%K0%:ZA4:YWK<'&











U3UV'F&3JT$R5;



M

(R^C\H6WE;&A'.Z0HD@.\*
!





`QX?CH%

MD-V8*[!ZJJX]''%T.C!#)'$BA.V$=$E86V0C4&V!HD-DA@D-4AFD-V8*(G

M(=?SU55E*[^7;A@D
513&4-W.%#5UNU

MU01&T'A-0+XVGC4/0M=2N=4






MC[(X%
?O-]GO0+A_1
J+2-0G*B*8W62SV9=K!JN2`6HHCC/?_CFEI0/M[*Z3

M5I(:+\TW3

KHA%QQ#4].I*FR
Y&




]_2C?DF:FLF<S2A%%!(BF4Z
O*

M6RT2'F-#2F20IY@C0Z0[&MEI)-;(7B.)1E*-'(9D9!*L*5]1+4P&)B.D0AK@


MVVHDXL2!%$IO$5(6H9T

F&?Q_92Y
\;`OV%

!

MK&^I?-ZK'H9DY
U



ZHLFXL2!+=K`(Z5$
M=B)H7.RJD4*;[Z\[([6W)8^\+15!B*\=
]]WE5?!L82-'B:?K$A^S.!;T`HW
M9[S%94F-G-S8$8*E25)^NHF\$!9.:*]R/XR[SL\\4-83/1X.6MN_FMQ&_@

M``#__P


K]4MW[D_\L;]O/_YI^U'5;\VESQO';!P

;RTS4N?7M(7XFTMQ;SIK969CKDSKU[?[IZPJ[V#B

M]L#2?GLL(`








;IY&@)Q8R``$
H?
U*B'LGB;[D(YI&3$.`1]]B?UU3S1J1CCU



MH6`

]36G'&1`3N-0@@[O#5-5'/()0$7J=B-932+2P+!)?+DZ3=4KF4#
MGD8W$[D.62;@(AD\?]T'I/;I+)8)!



ME%$C#&R
+]:\,9@6C:-H9')8TZ.AB32B=3&Z`-2&@.'
M6D;OL3?25LO8B89EC`TD$F(?3?C@C$U'UFBYI-+/++LQ+-(A+0I(]ETOULP




8/=)6O76B(;$D



M&'SX
5RA5]V#
VMP8O020[P%298\\0A^%'!/3WG?Z3UN;@USC4_`19+VH=J
M]K,$]J&M[H`1_+2@:N'G!/3?_Q\)(?7[
L%S
BIJMKN`SH0/TC9_P\``/__
M`P!02P




M+_=C6
DP/BU

M!K7NC?I:



MKF-QZ^B0Y$@11'-?-R^J#T1O!(Y+X&ZGF4)PP5'$F.%$$T3!0G+TQ=^AF4
1($40#'Z2E@FNI11XBRGGJ.!(<J0(HF&B;@53.QN^J0@C?_[
MBC8SX-'





MG)\4I9

K
M9Q7)-+L\,9AX.3FLIX:E&5VI

=*8!U0U;1
M

M7`@S_+.^_FB;A3-(O\_R8P3J+Z0X3VXG9(X*CB1'BB`:/FHV&Z#!QPA4`PB6



O3J1WMZU?\










M5+JO#_3RRG:-\@+2-H-+J*/_CO8-IYM^1FT7(&6H.=$WW8RHXPS_UX_);@[`

H(7&E21_78FG#1:S;F-H=1)?\:
MH_G;


M1ED;5O)=3!J



M_0
``/__`P!02P



-D)IHB);]_W5]](IXVM





MNUP9P:B


'&8ZP
QZ
MQ@#@%QN%,'0[#7U^^XQ@YT@308O5P:P5:Z+[*+3.T`#5LW']-B3:
%#NV9


M8_4/``#__P


!1]G[3_8/F]&
2U
M]22:5]1_J84C3FR278)G:3Z8=]<
24;H-B)2MCGEA0CR9+[HE::[BKP_11-

]][PB*P)
FW4FP($K.](\3_$V2FZB)/-NBW0
M;\$/9O

YVW[4=^*Y1QG.ZK^P/





@3/J_
M^.8O````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`Z!6[=[@&```_&P``&0```'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q.YX;6RLF=N.XC@0AN]7VG=`N9\F)TX1
&K(6;O2
M:K6'ZW0($#40E*2G9]Y^R[$KCET
:K0]%T/S455Q_2X[%6?Y]?OY-/I6U$U9





M0[4_-E0+9HY/)BLC

M#F(=)#I(!T`1`E;O9PC!PLV,RP25R\2;F/!E/25--'$Z4UZ=0@)`D)B0B)


M
:TM(3XA`2$A(1$A


M%5\@![;=0;U
U=TBD%98

M7T.9;A0+/




`PHQ<VVKYDBI(L<D
M)P#2DKK6[TCBA8@@I4GMSE;:XY#M))%$B&2X6-$TBI!=#=\BE8WRHGUBP^(
MQ=M+V

MBA



M+Y?@H






A


MC
?[Y?-JL]B?;M]6KW+D:;O;+`[RS]VW\?YMMUH\UI
V+^/@[.QBO%FL7T=V

MZ7`JRXWM#\K?^7I\/9:5[F\?U_(;F-A/=JNGN]&7R4TUNQJ-[V_K@/ZS7OW8

F?@ZW;[FQF:/1J2R6/








MTPOUVJO&=I;%D(B2`Q)(DD@^20`E)JKZHQ.0Y^(C$S&B=F)7I17LUG$-
M2`2)(0DDA620'%)`2DC5%Q6/;#2.B


22!I)`
DD
*2`FI^J+B
U2OPMW'MH+;8(!$DAB20%))!<D@!



24DK*
M2#FI()6D2I$.R^RB^V%]]I)G=^
JQ7:#WJ__^2UX[JJA`434`Q*2&EI(R4








M(^

JK4)21(I)2DE9:2<5)!*4J5(


2DAI:2
E)
*


S.5*_$(TC

#ZTFZ4CG.'3D6H[4[[GZ
MJP62CGP8:&!.(.G8MQDP1]*1CVX
S9'?5#ZG

A$



G0_DC&-N#_.&+^G^?
MY0^=K.2O#YR=RE;I:;L]N'_(+S9N_W3*_?\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

Z



\!.)/2'!Y`F73O*.L_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`6@
QO3

M``$`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````G)%=3\
@%(;O3?P/

N]:J)/

MP46!I!WAID([[PW!V/$=*.:2T-`AW+16


$/



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


L1&$Q2N

M0'`$7(%ED*0ICOQ_[J+Y#
Y&!Y
Q20-_F0`LY&`%M)!V!107*#6;^%Z

PP]7S=








M`'

O


M`!D`````````````````KR


RYX;6Q0



M




``'X.```9````
M`````````````





&UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`+9Z`$6(!0``MQP``!D`````````````````6*P``'AL



M`
P#.

O

M`````````



M!0``M18``!D`````````````````?


M
2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`\O6?N
%``#F%P``&0``````````````

&PO





M965T



M`````````````````'$


47C$]`(``*D(```9````````````````

O

QO3
!``!``@``$0````````````````!N/0$`

O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`F$H^HGT#```CP``

O87!P+GAM;%!+!08`````-@`V

 'defref_JALA_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_LessAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SalesCreditsGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SalesTradeSpendingGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SalesSlottingFeesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'


 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
M
6)C96-D
F







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970P.2YH

&-E





T0B5V]R

O



T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS



MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
C`Q
U]%455)
M5%E?24Y#14Y4259%7U!



M0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T




M04Q?4U1/0TM?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^4D5#3TY#24Q)051)3TY37T]&7TY%5%]304Q%4U]4/]X.DYA


M


M968]




M($A2968]



M961U;&5?;V9?1G5T=7)E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^1T])3D=?0T].0T523E]$971A:6QS7TYA<G)A=&EV/]X.DYA

M24=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4

M:&5E='






M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



O4VAE970T
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(


M/'@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^



SE?
M-#8P
5]B





]

T1)1#!%5TE!13X-B`@(`@




]



T1T;W`^

]




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

]




]


]


]

]

Q/'-P


]







T1T;W`^16YT:71Y
M($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


U

]



]


]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

F8W

SE?-#8P
5]B







]

T1)1#!%45!!1SX-

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

\+W-T




T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
M
'0^)R9N8G-P


]

3`Q+#`R.3QS


M


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]


]



]


]



]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C4R

]


]
T1N=6UP/CDT


]

]


]

]
M





M






#`L
#`P+#`P
M


2P@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



T1T;W`^061D:71I

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L

T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
M-3`U+#DW



S
Y+#4U-2!S
M:&%R97

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6T^*#8X

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97


]
T1N=6UP/C
R-RPR






]



]

#`P




S$L(#(P
3

RPY








]




#$R(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W

M:&%R97
@9&5S:6=N871E9#L@

#$S.R!397)I97
@0B!#;VYV97)T

@

]




S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
M
F






M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


#`P
3QS



#`P+#`P


M
#`L






]


M



T1T



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]
T1N=6UP/CDW+#
R-2PR



@02!0



#`L


]

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

M97


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]

@



]




M9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q7V(R

O4VAE





]



]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(%-A;&5S/]T




CQS

2PQ
M
C
L

]

;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M



T1T



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L

]
T1N=6UP





]
T1F





]

]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDS



]


]

]

]

X+#(S




]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP




]
T1I

R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^*B`@
M26YC;'5D97
@)#$U
2PP
C
@=W)I=&4@9&]W;B!O9B!O8G-O;&5T92!A;F0@


S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F
T







@



]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A:60M26X@0V%P:71A



]


M;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R



]

]
M




N(#



]



@8V]N=F5R=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]






]





]



]


S
I/'-P86X^


M
S


2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#DV+#`U




M



]


]
M


]



]


]
M




]




]








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



3@T/'-P


]
M






]



M9B!R96QA=&5D(&9E97

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L



]



]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6T^*#(L







]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#$Y

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]





]
T1N=6UP/C(S


]




]

M:6)L92!397)I97

]
M



2PY




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]





]








]
T1N
M=6T^*#0L
S



@:7-S=6%B;&4@9F]R(&9I;F%N8VEN


]








]
T1N=6UP/C
L-3@T+#(R.3QS

]
T1T97AT



]



]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



M

M



]
M





]




T1T;W`^


]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&QO



]


]
T1N
M=6T^*#
L



]

N(#



]

]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/CDW+#
R-2PR



M;7`^




M
S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F




M:78]

]
M



S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

]

]
T1N


]



]
T1N=6UP


]

]
T1N


]


]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C




C`L


M/3-$;G5M/B@V+#4V




]




]

]




]



34T+#
V



]
T1N=6T^*#$L




M;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97





M1&YU;3XH




]


]


M=VEN9W

]




T1T;W`^0V]S='







]





\+W1D

]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T



]


]
T1R;W4^#0H@


2PQ



]


]
T1N=6T^*#4S+#(P



L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!P97)I;V0\




]




]





]




2PW-C$\



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

M;7`^.3`L
S`T+#


]






]

M
2PP




]

]





]





M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(W.&0R9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q7V(R
M

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]


M9VX]



]

'!T)SXF(S$V
M


M;VYT.B`Q



#L@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!*86YU87)Y(#DL(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

M
30V.W



M*'1H92`F(S$T-SM-97)G97(@06=R965M96YT)B
Q-#@[*2X@57!O;B!C;&]S






M960@86YD(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&EM;65D:6%T96QY('!R:6]R('1O('1H92!C

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S
M=&]C:RP@)#`N
#`P





M=&5D(&5Q=6%L;'D@87


T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M='

L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

M;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H)B

30X.RDN(%1H97)E869T97(L


M;F0@9&ER96-T;W(@;V8@2&]L9&EN9W
@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R('1H92!C



30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&AE;&0@

2PS

M
30V.W




M


30V.W



@06-T(&]F(#$Y
S
L





Q




M;F0@=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G





M97

M8V%L(&]P97)A=&EO;G






M




@86YD





@869T
M97(@36%R8V@@
C`Q






M='
@=6YD97(@=&AE(&)R86YD(&YA;64-B8C,30W.TIA;&$F(S$T.#LN/]P


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M7V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W7S0Q8F-E8V0R8S1B-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]







T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M


M
30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@87!P;&EC86)L92!T;R!A


M;GD@:&%S(&YO=!Y970-F5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(')E=F5N=65S('-U9F9I8VEE

M=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@87

M87
@:6YC=7)R960-G-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&YE=!L;W-S97


2P@
C`Q
RP@:&%S(&$@=V]R:VEN
M9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:65N8WD@;V8@)#8X
RPW
S0L(&%N(&%C8W5M=6QA



@9&5P


M(&-E87-E(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M


Q

M5VAI;&4@87
@:6YD:6-A=&5D(&EN($YO=&4@



M:6QL(&)E('-U9F9I8VEE;G0@9F]R('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O(&-O;G1I;G5E



M;VYT.B`Q






SE?-#8P
M
5]B






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





T1T;W`^4U5-
M34%262!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453/]T9#X-

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


N(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!


@3F5W(%)O




T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M


M:6YC:7!L97



Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YC:7!L97



@:&%V92!B965N(&5L:6UI;F%T



M9VEN.B`P(#`@






M;V8@0G)A;F1S('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&EM;65D:6%T96QY('!R:6]R
M('1O('1H92!M97)G97(@87

M;VYT.B`Q


#L\

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.SQB/E5S92!O

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N
M-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q

`P(#`@,XQ:6X[('1E



M;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


@86YD('1H92!D:7-C;&]S

M:&4@9&%T90T*;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!R979E



@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R(&9R


M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M8W)U960@97AP96YS97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;CH@





N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'
@86X@86QL






@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



@86YD(&9I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S(&AE








M9VEN.B`P(#`@

Q-C`[



6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


3
@86YD(#(P



M.B`Q




#`N





#L@=&5X

#L\





#L\+W`^#0H-






M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P.R8C

M






M;VYT.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




2XU


M(#`@

@;6%D92!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97


M86QU97



M92!S:&%R97

M='

@3W!T:6]N

M;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!O;B!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!V


M;VUP86YY)B

@;W5T

M960@;VX@=&AE(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97




M












M:&%R97



@3F5W


T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@




3HQ(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!F;W(@96%C




M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


@9F]R(&EN8V]M90T*=&%X97
@=6YD97(@
M1D%30B!!4T
@-S0P(8C,34P.R`\:3Y);F-O;64@5&%X97,\+VD^+!W:&EC

T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA
2!I<R!T



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


#$R(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&5X
M86UI;F%T:6]N(&)Y('1H92!T87@@875T:&]R:71I97




M9GDG/B8C


6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\:3XF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



C8L
3$U(&9O

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L


S.5\T-C`Q7V(R
3=?-#%B8V5C9#)C-&(W#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
M
5]B

3`N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5



S$L(#(P
M
3




T0G;6%R


M)SX\8CXF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

4[(&9O;G0Z(#$Q+C5P=!4:6UE

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R


C`Q

M/B8C


#0L
C
X+#(U


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E)SXF(S$V

M)B
Q-3$[)B
Q-C`[)B





7!T)SXF(S$V




M/B8C
34Q.R8C
38P.R8C


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



3@T+#@S




M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&]T86P\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V





T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO8CX\


M









S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
M
6)C96-D
F

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]



T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/CQB/C4N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4%)/4$525%D@04Y$($5154E0345.5#PO

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T


M
6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\




7!T('-O;&ED)SXR
M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT


M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D






7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C




T0G=F5R

S@L




38P.SPO=&0^

38P.SPO=&0^












]


M9VX]




T1T

]


@



@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V



@=6YD97(@82`D
C`P
M+#`P

#`P(&)A;&%N8V4@=&AE;B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!U

M;7!A;GD@9G)O;2!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&9U;F1S(')E8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE


@9&ES8V]N



M.&0R9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q7V(R

O
M4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


3(@

S$L(#(P
3


@=&\@
M1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='


]

]

M.B`Q


M15)3+U-43T-+2$]





#$R+!$=64@=&\-F]F





M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]



T1T;W`^/'-T



T1T;W`^
3`E(%-%0U52140@0T].
M5D525$E3$4@4%)/34E34T]262!.3U1%4SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V




M/D]N($%U9W5S=`Q,BP@,C`Q,BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-F5N=&5R960@:6YT
M;R!A(%-E8W5R:71I97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@

`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG



M87

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

M26X@075G=7-T(#(P
3(@86YD($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P


C4P+#`P

M9B!T:&4@



#$R(&%N
M9!*=6YE(#,P+`R




M;B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE#0I-97)G97(@=V]U;&0@8F4@)#`N
3D@

`P(#`@,XQ


6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y


@9&5T97)M:6YE



M(#(L

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO
M;B!S=&]C:R!I;B!*86YU87)Y(#(P
3



38P

'!T)SX\+W`^/'-P


M-U\W
S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F

M;G1E;G0]


M




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M






M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF


@


M9B!T:&4@56YI='

M)#`N
C

M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R`H;W(L(&%T('1H

M9FEC:6%L(&]W;F5R(&]F(#4E(&]R(&=R96%T97(@;V8@=&AE(&]U='-T86YD

M-CMS#0I397)I97


P('!E

M96UE;G0L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9!T:&4@:6YV97-T;W(@96YT97)E9!I


M8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86=R965D('1O(')E9VES=&5R('1H92!S:&%R97
@




M4W1A=&5M96YT('1O(&)E(&9I;&5D('=I=&@@=&AE(%-%0R!W:71H:6X@-C`@


M;G0@=&\@8F4@9&5C;&%R960@969F96-T:79E('=I=&AI;B`Q


C`Q
RP@=&AE(%)E9VES
M=')A=&EO;G


!D87ES('1O(#$X,!D87ES
M(&%F=&5R('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&1A=&4N($]N($IU;'D@
BP@
C`Q
RP@=&AE
M(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;G


M
30V.W


T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M.B`P(#`@





M=VAI8V@@-#`L
#`P+#`P






30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN(&%N(&%M




T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M

34L(#(P
M
3

M;&%C96UE;G0L(&]F9F5R:6YG(&$@;6EN:6UU;2!O9B`D
2PP
#`L
#`P(&]F









M;R!C97)T86EN(&%C8W)E9&ET960@:6YV97-T;W)S(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T90T*
M;V8@
C@L
S
S+#


@)#$U

BPU
#`@9F]R(&QE9V%L(&9E97




6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!C;VYN96-T







@)B

M

3@P

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE($]F



M







M*&



6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
M

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`P+C%I;CL@=&5X














@875T:&]R:7IE9!F;W5R(@T*2!S:&%R97
@


30X.RD@86YD




30V
M.W









RXS
S0E#0IO9B!T:&4@:7-S

M97-S86)L92!S:&%R97

@9G)O;0T*=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@:7-S=6%N8V4@*$]C=&]B
M97(@
C8L(#(P
3
I('1O('1H92!T=V5L9G1H(&UO;G1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y

@;V8@4V5R

C8L(#(P
30I+B!4:&4@

@





S4L



@8F%S960-


M


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M;CH@


@3F5W

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!-87)C:`R,#$S+!C;VYT:6YG96YT('=I

30V.W
@=&AE



T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

`P(#EP=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF




T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3


M-34L


@3F5W

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




M='




M)W=I9'1H.B`R







3$N-7!T)SXP
M
2\P.2\R




M/C
L.3`R+#DY


3$N-7!T
M)SXP
2\P.2\R



2XU

T0G9F]N











#0O
C8O
C`Q



2XU


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

M






M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V





M
C$W+#(U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!D;W5B

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M)B

`P(#`@.7!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQB/E)E

T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




2P@
C`Q



M;VXN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


@9&5F97)R960@


`P
M(#`@.7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-@T*










]



]

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-


T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6XG/B8C

M

2P@
M
C`Q


2P@
C`Q
M

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`P+C%I;CL@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q





M(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W


T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M;B!O9B!T:&4@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97
@;6%Y(&)E(&QI;6ET960-


M8V5M8F5R(#

&EM871E;'D@)#(L-3`P+#`P,!L;W-S97

M.B`Q







@;V8@)#(L
M
C0Y+#`P

2P@
C`Q



M('!R;W9I9&5D+B!4:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!I;F-R96%S960@
M8GD@)#$L


`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@
M=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL



M




T)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XS-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


3$N
M-7!T)SXH

38P.SPO

M;VQI9#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+7)I9VAT.B`M
3

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M



T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





S
Y7S0V
M
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F


T0G




M/3-$


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]



M/B8C

M(S$V





@;V8@8W5S=&]M97)S)B
Q-#8[(&9I;F%N8VEA


`P(#`@,XQ


6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y

@;V8@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&%C

#$S(&%N9`R
M,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%M;W5N='


@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD#0HR
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



S
M.5\T-C`Q7V(R







M0TE
24%424].4R!/1B!.150@4T%
15



]

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E)%0T].0TE
24%424].4R!/1B!.150@4T%
15
\+W1D/@T*


#L@=&5X


M5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

`P(#`N,6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R






M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V





7!T
M('-O;&ED)SXR







M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C

M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R)3L@





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT





M)B

M

38P

M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(S.PR-34I)SX-B`@











M


M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[






#0L
C
X




34Q.R8C
38P.R8C


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



Q-3$[)B
Q-C`[)B




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V

#`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@



M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


CD\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C

S.5\T-C`Q
M7V(R
3=?-#%B8V5C9#)C-&(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W7S0Q8F-E8V0R8S1B-R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5


]







'!T)SXF(S$V







@3F5W(%)O;6%N




6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V



M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R96YT('!A:60@=V%S
M(0S



M5&EM97

M


S$L(#(P
3(L(&-E




M=F4@;V8@;F]R;6%L('1R879E;!A;F0@96YT97)T86EN;65N=!R96EM8G5R




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

C`Q
R!%455)5%D@24Y#14Y4259%(%!



]

M4&%Y;65N='



T1T;W`^
C`Q
R!%455)5%D@24Y#14Y4259%(%!
04X\


M

6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H-














M=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@=&AE(%!L86X@87)E(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE#0IA=!S=6-H
M('1I;64@;W(@=7!O;B!S=6-H(&5V96YT(&%N9!S=6)J96-T('1O('-U8V@@
M=&5R;7
@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G

65A<G
@9G)O;2!T:&4@
M9W)A;G0@9&%T92!A;F0@;F\@;W!T:6]N(&=R86YT960@=&\@82`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z

M.B`P(#`@




Q+`R,#$S+!N;R!A=V%R
M9'


T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97










3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-/34U)5$U%3E13/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M



T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@
3)P

M

T0G

#$S



30V.W


BP@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T

M;!P;W-I=&EO;G,@:&4@:&5L9!W:71H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9`T*=V%S


M
34P+#`P



M('1O(')E9'5C92!T:&4@86YN=6%L(&9E92!T;R`D.3`L

M('1H92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@=&\@)#$U

#`@;VX@82!C


S0L-C`P('=H:6-H

Q+`R,#$S(&%N9!P86ED

6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V





@=&AE





30V.W




@8F5E;B!A;65N9&5D('1O('!R


@


@=&\@




M






M

30V.W




T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M.B`P(#`@


C`Q
RP@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A


@=W)I='1E;B!N;W1I




@87



30V.W
@
C`Q





6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY
96%S








M8FIE8W0@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!I;F-R96%S97
@87

@8V]M;65N8VEN9R!!



T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@



M;VUP86YY)B


M.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z)B

M








38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.UEE87)S(&5N9&EN9R!$

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR
M,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT,PS-S`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F




M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C



L

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C








M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M




'0M86QI

M
2PU
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C




M(#`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M(#`@

M
3



@86YD



M86YY)B

M

@9F]R(&$@;6]N

M=65D(&%T(0W,PP
#`L(@D,XP


M
`T*87

#$S+`S+#4P,PP

M('1H92!!9W)E96UE;G0N)B

M;CH@

38P.SPO

6EN.R!T97AT+6%L


`P(#`@,XQ:6X[('1E




P
M+#`P


#4V+#



M5&EM97

M

M


M)B
Q-#@[*2P@=VAI8V@@=V%S(&5X96-U=&5D(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]N


L(&%S(&1E9FEN960L




#`P.R!H;W=E=F5R
M+!E86-H(&%D=F%N8V4@:7,@;F]T('1O(&5X8V5E9!M;W)E#0IT:&%N(#
U
M














#`L
#`P+B!4:&4@;6%X:6UU;2!A9'9A


M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

M)B

`P(#`@,XQ:6X[



M9VES=')A=&EO;B!S=&%T96UE;G0@;75S=!B92!D96-L87)E9!E9F9E8W1I


@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@

@)#$P
PP,#`N(%1H92`S+#4X
M-PR


M960@87
@)B




M9GDG/B8C

M
6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!-87)C:`Q.P@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]



M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXQ-BX@4U54T51545.5!%
M5D5.5%

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



6EN.R!T




#`L
#`P('1O(#4R-2PP
#`L





M(#`@



@8V]N=F5R=&5D('1O
M(#8L











30V.W

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V









M
BP@

M960@=&\@:7-S=64@
C8L-C8V+#8V-R!S:&%R97
@;V8@4V5R:65S($
@0V]N


M:&%R92P@870@82!S=&%T960@=F%L=64@;V8@)#`N
#`P






`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA


M;CH@

M:71I97


M97


#$T





30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N(&5X


2PX
#`L


@
M=&AA;B`D

@




@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@






@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






`P(#`@,XQ


6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C


M871E(&]F(0Q,RPU,#`@;V8@=6YP86ED(&9E97,@;W=E9!T;R!A(&-O;G-U
M;'1A;G0@:6YT;R`T-3`L






M;V8@)#(U



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



24-)15

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]
M





T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97








T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=&\@

C(L-S`Q

@





T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N
M-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


\+V(^










]



M5&EM97

`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA


L(&EN8VQU






T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97









N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'
@86X@




T1T
M;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@






T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$Q

M(#`@










]


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY#87-H


M5&EM97

M







T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M-6EN)SXF(S$V




M

M(S$V









38P.R8C
38P.SPO




M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`@
`P(#`N,6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY2979E;G5E
M(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960L(&YE=!O9B!D:7-C;W5N='

@86YD



`P+C%I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG





M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M9'
@;6%D92!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97


@;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4-



@*'-E92!.;W1E

@87)E('9A;'5E9`T*=7-I






M;B!T:&4@9G5T=7)E('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M:R!A;F0@=&AE(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M:&%R97


I('!E





T0G9F]N=#H@







M;B!S:&%R97



S$L(#(P
3(@86YD

@86YD(&-O;G9E

S$L
M(#(P
3



38P

M87



]


@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


M





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M(&%N9!T:&4@=&%X(')A=&5S(&EN(&5F9F5C=!W:&5N('1H97-E(&1I9F9E







M(&EN8V]M92!T87@@87-S97-S;65N='


@:6X@9V5N


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z

M.B`P(#`@



]
T1P

]


M5&EM97









@:6YC=7)R


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M

6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V
#L\+V(^


M8V(W.&0R9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q7V(R
3=?-#%B8V5C9#)C-&(W#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W

C0N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M
$5



S$L
M(#(P
3




T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@
M;V8@26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M

M

M;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR

M-38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SY2


M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(E.R!T97AT

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.4G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



M
2PX
30\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&QE9G0G/B8C





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(S$U
3LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X\

M

SE?-#8P
5]B






]

T1)1#!%3$4^

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M;'-P86X]

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR







M)W=I9'1H.B`Q


Q-C`[

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@




Q







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@








S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C
M96-D
F









]

]




T0G9F]N=#H@
3$N-7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

`P(#EP=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N








M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

#$O
#DO
M
C`Q


3$N-7!T)SXS+#DP
M
BPY.3

#$O
M
#DO


3$N-7!T)SXD
M

T0G=F5R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@









M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG



M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\+W1D






M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H








M.B`P(#`@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@
M4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@;V8@3F5T(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


38P



M(#$P

Q-C`[

Q-C`[


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


M;'-P86X]

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR

M:61T:#H@-38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N

M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R)3L@

M:61T:#H@

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M;&4]





M969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M)B

T0G



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C

M


M9#X\=&0^)B





M




M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\




M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C




34Q.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C
M

M:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N






Q-C`[

Q-3$[)B
Q-C`[)B




T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF
M(S$V

#`\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




#L\+W1D/@T*

CD\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@




M8V(W.&0R9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q7V(R
3=?-#%B8V5C9#)C-&(W#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W

C@N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M
$5

]
T1T



T1T;W`^



]



#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T)SXR
#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


W
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G


M

M.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


G!T.R!T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXT
M
2PX
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXT,RPR-S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M)B

M:'0G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



3$L
CDR/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T




#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
3!P



2PU
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


S.5\T-C`Q7V(R
3=?-#%B8V5C9#)C-&(W#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
M
5]B

CDN:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M


]





]





2PP
C






]




T1T



]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;3XH





M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*


SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W7S0Q






]





]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^








]



T1T;W`^


]
T1R93X-


M87)R86YT(&=R86YT960@
#0@
C8@
C`Q

38\


]





5T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M145$04


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




T1T;W`^1F5D97)A

M;7`^
S0N


S0N








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F




M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@3T8@3D54(%-!3$53(T@4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@;V8@3F5T(%-A;&5S(A$971A:6QS





]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

]


M='



M


]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$W+#
S


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(W.&0R9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q7V(R
M





M240P15I$04

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]






]


]


]



#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
M
6)C96-D
F





M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L-S@T+#$R





#`V+#DW




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5%1$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]
M




\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!&


]




;V-A=&EO;CH@

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F
T




]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]

]





]




SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W7S0Q8F-E


]
M



]

T0Q

M;'-P86X]

M

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

]



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#`P
M

]








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

3(\

M(#


]








S.5\T-C`Q
M7V(R
3=?-#%B8V5C9#)C-&(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V-B-SAD

SE?-#8P
5]B
C$W7S0Q8F-E8V0R8S1B-R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5.4$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$





3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5F%L=64@;V8@=6YI='


C`L







]





]
T1N=6UP/C




]
T1N=6UP/C$U
M



]


#`P







]










]
M


3(@

S$L(#(P
3



]



M9VX]





]
T1R93X-



M9VX]
T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!I;F-R96%S93PO=&0^#0H@




SE?
M-#8P
5]B





]

T1)1#!%349!0SX-B`@(`@

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]




T1T;W`^5&]P($-U



]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C

S
Y7S0V
#%?8C(Q-U\T
6)C96-D
F



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]








]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M/3-$=&]P/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]





SE?-#8P
5]B
M






]





M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(W.&0R9C=?-S
S.5\T-C`Q
M7V(R












]

#$T/&)R/D-H:65F(&5X96-U=&EV92!O9F9I8V5R/&)R/CPO

#$S/&)R/D-H:65F(&5X96-U=&EV92!O


C`Q



]






#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
U+#`P

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06YN=6%L(')E;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#(V


]






]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M


]
M




]

L('-H87)E

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-3`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT





]




#





]



]
T1T97AT




M9VX]

]





]



]

]
T1T







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T



\+W1D



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#4V+#


]




]

]
M




]



'0O:'1M;#L@


]


]
T1T

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`Q-2P@
C`Q


#0L(#(P
30\8G(^


]
T1N=6UP
M/C0P


]
T1N=6UP/C0P


]
T1N=6UP/C4R-2PP
#`L


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8L



]
T1T




]


@8V]N=F5R=&5D



]
T1T97AT







]


M('-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

]









]



]


]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]





M1&YU;7`^)`Q+#@P,PP





]




#`P/'-P86X^


]






]





@:7-S



]




]





M



]





M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB

 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_OptiongGrantedToStockholderPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_MinimumExercisePricePerShareOfFairMarketValueToStockholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductionRelatedImpairmentsOrCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalariesWagesAndOfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ProfessionalFeesMonthly'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalAndContractServicesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ProfessionalAndContractServicesExpensePrepaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_AgreementCancellationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SaleOfRestrictedStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_TemporaryDifferencesTimingDeductionStockBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_MaximumOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_CommonStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_PreferredStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_CommonStockPurchaseWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_GrossProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_PlacementAgentFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_CommonStockSharesIssuedForCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_WarrantsIssuedForCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_UnpaidFeesToconsultant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SharesWarrantsIssuedToConsultant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForNoncashConsiderations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInSecurityDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_CostsRelatedToBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_FeesExpensesPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseDueFromOfficersAndStockholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedForSeriesBConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEarningsDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ReconciliationsNetSalesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeInterestExpenseInterestIncomeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterestsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_DueToOfficersStockholdersDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ScheduleOfWarrantsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_AccountsReceivableConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ConversionOfStockAmountConverted2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NetIncomeLossEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockRetainedAfterMergerAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockRetainedAfterMergerShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ConversionBridgeNotesAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ConversionBridgeNotesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquityShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquityShares1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SharesIssuedAntiDilutionProtectionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SharesIssuedAntiDilutionProtectionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_AdditionalSharesIssuedBrandsStockholdersAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_AdditionalSharesIssuedBrandsStockholdersShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_IssuancePreferredConvertibleSeriesBStockAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_IssuancePreferredConvertibleSeriesBStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_PurchaseTreasurySharesAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_PurchaseTreasurySharesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NetIncomeLossEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'



M3E[D
`-O.`N(R*TCW^14ED8QH-\OOR('T6C(3F0E4H13CUQO665\I6^+'S


MZIBO3+?*V$2?)@*
Y(;T`T#8Q?^<#









D&UR[U+\(S=T@C-WA71F:A#O9S9V6]
VQ\/NXF$;<W![/.PN'K8=U=Z0R*4A\3^[


M^S$YQ

JMU.$P8SFSZ*B%

M3$.NW%N&C^RET@F#^0()PQXRNP*9;


L&1@)4)=

M].WV?$8M`[E21SY1P6JVU3R&








R
M=*G_^6D(:2

A

07=
S@-UH9@`PG\!S


MW9R&6W$:A2!M0^K57DHC

'KEUK.0UGUCUD6U^=AR)R-^M.
\=#





K3G7.Q3%:M96M0*W=
#/Y[%)2ZV&ND.LW

M^K5JU\UZN[D%[HIT[#ITI_WBCE`G5%?NR4;+M/2\;+;IU8@7ZBC+-!N9CEH7
M]4(=45YTS7%#JK4^14S/.RRCLPZ^5IFK*
M7YGSTLWQ&M:;[C-EV%_MHR)6N

#
WJK56XM5I)C9!-LK#@3G




45&JM$\MV
M,AOVEK#PE3,AKCGKTK6`HFHUS,Q.!JW]DJ3+2EYMUQS=RBZ@?$N``9)LHEQ
M/8/!:NK[Y+(4RM
M4B-FRVK86

M0%
%=EYRX%F20(T-\/C)WVM307MJ'^8\6L]DJRQD:O7Z2FQ=#?$HXV1`%C[S


8RB



;4ZLQ?TR=Z+#:38M?;IQ/6)!SN41XDMSC7
W

MI6;QSF

.-0'*L?(B@DQ-+LO[ACI%




_?XP3HTKFZ^=BXO_J]S=W%U:70NSXVK
MZ\\W\MNMY.`^K;`I7C8L\(F!G5)U`]J#K_^.142[HZP6?B&\1_BFI2W`R)0N
MML+


M@&T*?`#0A^!5H!/8`LX?B=JLC


#]+!5CB/=#8BN`FS$N`*X#

G)Y**!MYW@2(*G(5'8E6@@I('Q=GAB]OC
MK;FDPU`71@;[!%1
XL@33L5;;B/NU6W01+%+(19I3`%%J*;F*-.D(`$VFQ
MY*
Y$4\D&$/OKBZ!U[5A'#6OB
?4=(@6D#H=2R/(?0DVHZ1?M!MKI6VDL




M1IRYT@I`3(1KI.X8H6!RU67B

7P()X:R%CE





79YYO++<[&;E@9\K_V,IDD?7L






T2D&A/1L<OZ&QKEW&U-PSFJ2N&B:[.I!ER#2<!BA






MM`ZT?



19\`W+-LF77'Z62HQAWIC0


MC;`G%




SZ
/8I/^7774&\R=24^4R$H-#5R
9\[




6
D&.XCC!`DHZC)S6F
M]OH@



EZ
MNP
MA&Q3P?M]58)`
I;A04\!N3H8)DV!]ZDIW[Y1Y?/+4]$1'5V*T5WH/UM.Q%[S
ML$223YY&Q-._



M)=CD/1*5\EGQ7.\=%O[JE?&994+7(T'$=U^F4GT
W
&/X^O!.

=
EVCW\33L1()
&['$0@K]K0
M1^
$5*J_Q-EHX+0W
M7[7KF%+/X-M'9G,I3EM$=^5&KB;LCM?9O07N5IV[1!-/!Y$KV##Y6;!1DC=
M@DE;EYU$)`R:5-+(74NVD2DVYS

]3&$G_B!RYE[MV68X1S`^F+
MWD_

M$=F$60@T_PY


M?UWQ5R\G=W&F+8&RPVQ;HTZF+=_N.\NV-5;+M%U%Q.^7[5K_/J3I%@?#?I&1

J:14H6
MF6Z8YE.1MHIN
I?BXEJVKHH3B
N


.4K^)X94AU]


S=$':M1:='N@KC[CM]?IM#:%
G/Y[<\]

MD?ZC^(
1W]V^M1M-TW:ZIMUJO2L[3/E6P1ZM]F]Y-L;.Y;\;$D_X&SQTTA1X





M^!]/X[.)YY;XSWE4O)R_8/
_<GY&ZZ1
6%]]N[PZ^W;SI]'_^LDX








0!NJ1


M1;`N0Z
_NX
/#











M`;SD2=L*O'9K&_B]$$SY#=CNFF9!77DQ9K/A
+==$`J8%)Z^DXNOYV_^!IQ4



J9K`=L;R^PES3

3/F*S.K6!D827%ZEG[8H0?#G./!Z]*(9A:KDV^VN5/PD

MYJD$HT0'





23@^$3*NAR'Y%$AZD*+

M*`



QK:C@\8F?)GZ:

'
ZK4+H<U=0YSRG#.'='TQ:-Y&6J+LX`E=GGPMB;?47SX'[
M!=27R6QR)JXIZ96EG5Z.SN%Z_$*W(_H5O=P+*^I$U]R$E6UB`Y#FK<@)W+A$
MR_T0HT_H,_7P4Z+$)_-Z&JAK_/+EXL;[(-\;1S

M5*P&




K9N(R

M6RZ\*.H0\&V*H
3



)B&7





GKX<GDP).[]$Y^1O/V


L=MG5E/.!J3@&4!?EG$$%$[G(PZ5

MIZ=G9^?G.^2^9\#:5DB[M672*%O.7F



$D*I%





MW]D-3GX+$\&69H]5TB+Y-L_(+C8H6&TH[9:N3Z-51'*K$):.P/

1)]=LF

M3!*Z01%WC7


M!O1&JEE*0]&D\'4\HT[/63&W%/D(BD\ATUC:R8\_X=6V2(VJPLG0
W3D#P
MYJ




'


LEPGZH]3S0B$K
M:.X@I2

_=85IM[


$9$E@RIH5GR;+/A:$4L

$G);Y`*Z88B2)1$I\VE)#ZTJLE7H
MXOYCU+
'


M
ZFG;]W11P6!]


O+B(E+-/
H+P@!N


]21H.N@^0(<<[DR'B4KSS9=4U5SP)DF0XIVV)F

[G^-


M'U+J#RGU!XF]1;H^I-2_;+I^C1+[D$U/]'_(IC^(_`-$3R.:%V73UW$S;\51
M7#V`F![.O5F^\]/
NPAO'B)V
*X]A=CIE
X@KKGN^H!C0LUFH(.8M-8!7:V\

MUET3\+7![5J@!*P
RV[I1]I

W1C7_<]GUP38#JNG7EPIU\5\D_3S_O5'HW]]
M:K1!_VHUYI

&+/Z3E


6S-EJ


L



M[-



NNLNK!@Y$-LJJL$CM'HO
=W'J*ZZT

M%0[]O


M9^&O812Z



M8$G&49RZ-%.;*(9F*2


M)]ZA]W
0S!(D=\!E&

DBO
M
[%6`TJ[FVM'M0B`.6-T=IMX_SO#=E_W^(U?4/=O@\C^_O'Z[/]^/_MZ8YS]
M`_Y[;3RCSA_L9;
?!=:I&+U.)+A7D.T7PB[#3&-MZA/]Y!Q$!$5-#R:+`A;X







M%/IOYQX\






M`X]X**%]#+V1#_?D*Q?S&&!5U.=F-A-=U?+6)(+Q(W***!F@\8D
D4KTD[`8

Z
#!]S.?#BCD'O(KU)F2^SAWGD9N2^A/)C$+S'\\](
9



YL%3O7.
&9=%GG</3!UCH\7@4S6)C@@-0]CC$^^1)*'0E30-W0#H87%^H`%.07V8



$)76?QK%$9R


1'D/0.J31\OPD$P0\7T*HJ13_MI&ONW
M










=9!CI_





MBGI%Y6`T


/]%'XJIZ6[2%:$;Q5RF_OVUOP[

\DW:HU



(#S&G[VW5L_V![ZG9;5Z]:1
M:XL@V=U^5M:I6DVG;6U[/U=B4


M/\T\A$E





MYO:7O;TJ=


M
^^Q:[

IQAYC

4N


(.#C'11_AP:W/5V3R;YB+G

+9HKQWQ4PR6#.@.1PTA6(P=L
[SZ#X#AZR
M;9N=AO7!RJ;9\$@



M&!L2:`$8.49DZ?8)7_&?(ED[N@\145WTO56!^]TWX9MNB[
8[AF8D%/=D@




M
?`OSC$5PZU*K]I:5%YDC2R_1CRPIV:0C#

MJ7XX\WA8W`^'X&6E_`D%LDX/)0VH7$P01`]D'&"N4PFMVFHUF@K8&L,C)

QP8'S:V\]
.YQH7NXK^$]#$&V'-BXMSCS


MN]0`H


?'_=:AB@H
M7[?D4&B0\H(X5[APTTC1,?4'?QP[VBN4^P^X,T#[E!(N;0AGXR!G*\BR(0
M&V
/U$4B
1RDAXV7@=Y/C&P9/Y$#OX5FRU


ML`5&V31)(:5X1BS(-QHAR'M!^+F.!(66&MR9LL!AU5J4./4+_A3Z.'8+:*
M?]&-P1/84;X!X&#]\VQDPMA('].3X5#U5
/]\VV)].

8

M%.M2NJY'KS6#K/M

.$S47
M=
D
MEP<X0#=PY6!GS+%D'1N9\_S3Q2DN.HM=,3J:AZ/*29-[-O=S:<[8AE0F1\
MUV)`0DVB0(%\D`%S0UIU/'DJUQN5)[:@I467L@:%CPV]*?S-)QT0#3KAVLD4
MPUGBH5$6P'64P_28XL3J7'`]#'</AB8P?S1IW2Y[O5!?$&IYX5JU#W5=8HA
TDIPO(-V/PN
M)#3MM407X!H:O`=Q7L261))/+E3$$_L208RL`#&[(B+V(:(O5L
+)G(1Y.(

A!)B/_DA@_'*?YGY

;[CR_&O-\\E[+"IXQFL7D.@$^P/@J
MJV6W@!XN(]U;A6PIY9.*_J(NC=B`&0_;?!R*E(0+F#C(5J!*`OV
@1(&SBF


XG;!3$J!DDY


<@_;B:W^O?*'F]LXKFYPYS*43MU[Z




J98P2VG/3.$8X(ESZ!;]I(JN-N0R




J8TF4!:#P!9A2?DHN_^'





=V%V'
M20!`NEDIIR9Z*0E3NT.%LK)


M34@?L11#8TJWMTCAC





`*)I'BE%
M/[O=Q#UCZLHGFL9Y+&5QN


/A/QA[F#YUQ/E34XRM1MD#M^&/+1SFG:Q?/






M:78ZW0KQQ-=^)-+:U&YE?JL&BXD763!+\$#Q):)Z(SNL4CSH?:+5G9-B:;36



'&G&XS#R8U4;M]9!!Y-:8:5)/R;ZO01I?&:F1]DCAK

M)ST\O;7+;&J;0MG\MRY+#Q[O#;Q%&8IB*&4:_Q,P@TJ*_N++@X4.$^`;KL
MI969-J8
?_#9%FA^1
[DN0PWK`M))($*\['7D$I9








_3

GY=V
5




UDD3
2@_#;Q1]J&.U@'E12NVQMWK

M3^Y_1([$D$K;#ZUAQM:(*8$:/1C7!`0X`ND1G;@:X6OAO6^T;O/=YD*^)Z

MG_`I_.TQP[3^?4787@R;/
6EN%LVVM$.5F8SE4WT

MW7;[H`6L`

MV=;/907B?A)


ZIAF'I;H?F=:
OVY+M

M.;%N[U._SQ4BWHF0KGZJ]P
URGN!5@D6^Y57)E7B.\MS5^@6TZ]EIX:(VPX

G+5*

^
+;O5UUD$)1'UYI+UXTS4);WO
MM;DSH


A9O-%\0?CWTY/
MS\[.SVNDYW6=WU;PZ
K+.7_&*WIWY4X[OVV8/=/\K7+ETDC`ZGB$JR[URK!8


M`0R'W%
ZRNWR?
ZWP+?UUR)(_GSJ[XG0]&9]F%4
3ARC\92Z&8AWPE&;#U
M2
XS.`\7^0#G1G;*:G'UI6\@S[_E%*-^*F[(:WE!YAZNZU:DKF3TT!5`]`9[
\=.0]O`]^M/.OR--W]K
M=YV.+G



4H2_<Z


7BD
7BD
7BMKQNT
7BD
7
MBD
7BD
7BD
7BGTOGS]TH3ATH7AV-CETH3ATH3ATH3ATH5@M`VH?8#ATH=@C




XO8;=ZSG[`+-=%V:[ZXC8V/
#[=0&





MO\6&5T;SG?$?[W



M7$^S#
VT+7S9LNS6+__X\Y\0_'S^2[N-K@DVC0LTL/6V;
WMG]%86^(+=(
M

[C5S38_87ZZF(_BX.=T%.C_I:JC=%F!VCRW#=NZF\H[9PO-6%YW.
MR\O+B64_:R^V\\T]T6TQ=JJ]=G2\X]7K_HH&6$=G/73:[9V=O




M3+)AKLS'V%
UDZ\;+F%1^';S^VWF:):KZ4(ZX]$5@XX&1EHN4_.09SR!VI`'
M+(.D*-]:+HGGURM\QXH-+2I3/[KX]S4P'CZ+`$D;7V7=4&S]4'(=
:.Y3R!^
M)0XOKZ80@\6G+#[?B%+IR@\]XA:,(6@Y.@OADZ0O/X)FC

M#HP_;(^RLTW8P_;G67*

P!JVCH#SJ2W

M21=$D#PJ8
AU)$='MF-@Y[+5ZW:#
VF.SKA
_#:






8YE]\EW6)-MPL[JOX`+&R-)/$:

MPS9\6$_;!GA&N9@PM
Y9C$WS.Y:


F<5HQ



FW
\X1I-.FWS7
M37I%D'5[Y#ZE5#8_00]H=$OK




MJ*^
^\/IN




X
)V5:W?^E@4
M[K
H[L'=$




'@

MFLV[:X
35:*`G)M-

+&DC$;I-IA$0.&E0AUT
X3C(BQ=
V$MZCG4OX(3H#8
M
^QDKB

[K$/!:.!6*K/#)6L1B)J@-P2N2?LQKGWG?OD8#\6O?4-!E!=ZP

X1X



^


SONSGK#
MX9$1A*9GFZ[OH4]'GG_TM__^]W\SR)]?_^/XV+ATD&M_-/J^=3ST%OY?C9&Y
M0A^-S\A#V`Q]_%?CB^E&]!/_GQ?3*_)C\G4?C;=O3DWC^%BBLB_(LWU\
QUN
6+Y<=3
_PA;:UM4Y_;O11Y9QWC'.3COG
M;YX6!'3?#
FOR
]O_WS6/STG?YW]

MGI(_B?BOKN-]_4C_NC

MM#*/'8\R8J&CC12MA277^?#APTG\VTW10LFG.^QNON/\9`-G6S/YK1UN!;*%

MT8:GV-C8=]$4+0SZ+VE-VV_]E^F:=R:F+6AU0G]Y0KB
5L@+NYX]\$(G7%-B
M\2H&2Q2(:[O':/'IB

0@)Q517I!/B$5G






-7U#Y692!<1B%9;ETA,ZKU_BWLJVQ8GWU

M;.VS25F0$J)-Q$%*VU)*NMDX1%G

W&.\K.+

P;Q1G#Z15F+;&MQ

X49/(?)L9&^0

ZZ)\@


M9`U
@!P9/K81_G34.7W&XOH!LC\=A3ABJ*RI9YK!@%9UM*%2/?)D6EG19%:
MN6/Z#*N\A0`/$&Z
BA32DX69S]U02!66&5KI:/H#8FX`

MJ
MAR]C

M(



TWEZ5AI[@J-F`CL\A@@08'+[6^

L$468B@)RN*$0I3[3F]C/5$N*$*H#SD5*^MBDR!W,3[942_@H0(;L_TZI
M_8G[\F`Z]N#I@:Q&$#UW$MXCG.@*\\&3:@D_0A4@OM[KXSY(N@TM8:2(&:+@
M9\5=)DE_H_NF838'CCN$\:1:0I!0!8BO7Y3RU4</?N`0)R;6=N1[EJCW0!(M
MX8D+'^+H@P;#FF@\:XG])2815CAQC^:^<LP[QW5HOACIQ]FSNDENB'A=*EN#
M]H&#4HJ`=*J-*61TD`XLP#*J**O!




MMHDG`#W(B]JX0U'#
AY?FW@!T(.\J(T[B#9QJN\HMHDS*5U`!C
QB%]/=M0D

\US^&*;Q4ZZ^OQR.91Z.91Z.91Z.9;;L%.#A6*9FA!R.

#I'9\#8
@*LM5(M-*GC+006=#

MRD]
'*$V$51J2E*[M5%`+9J/`('VT2


M0JL\;


MV\T4%S'%+J]JA[H
Y49V
M_)@ACJT:AMBYBT*Z.)S[]%0M\8.)\0B4Y9!XQ!@%I0Y*5JG_]A?-`YPUJJFI

(IXP([]A+%



_P%B*1XVYF1F5MJ7HL_;QEEX5U@T[.#;'R4
)Z\R!$#EJ][M@`$P@_'L`1::/5)=JZ#E<B)U-@/\)T$YMT53\Y/Q\_<2C8


$+AT+/\%;KR`_AN75J445)O4T.`0=-F





ARX@OZNI[=7=&#NW_$/\(-@R.DBM^F:=M]


J1FQ


M'/;X?5I2$2S+BS)'R!6E$YD$2U`:TLZ



^O9


W'O4&TU%SR&;1:F7B]7@Q

M
KX:]H:#!DV].3RV9F+NG.YB'HZ^#$;S\?3WYB!MTC!9.:MY=)U==)
I;9[S
MW^.6.OC'S7!R3=`V!Y4F3:0Y$VFRS

#88S1N?KC:7,37Z=!<*A32
MIS`!G(6Y:SJ@2(=7PP0HG0]&@[DQZUXU:=+



V)`@LT8?&D:

6
MVQG;`_+L]

^C
0]V
M89[+C


`7GAZ?CK(:;
MC,Z:?`,Q]7A!9'#R(-L!1?*[[M16

%<PZEW






@6RJE*6I7H;X`=DM&M^=8%W^1`TKI


M#.F\;&J`Q6863_40F5[A!JZSTG*Y8HJ669SNX?/![LEESSS(Q$]$VBVGZA2;






_$PWA

.GV/V73+D
06NF4U.NU8




/1KS^`)]P(6HZLD+


GI`3+YO


M(2RK#TA;W5L
9O(@6`Z(R&N+]1(*ZDZ
I`(@$XINFYE%=P'Z%M%U]:-\SESA




MV




$NKJ_EA:@A
IM;!'Q?VW89VB<1MN[-`&U\W'SWI70V^0BX+5ON6F7
M3:4M/3+`9?;AZN@1G[$?!!/L6PC94!_(E='7K&RHH%K7B9






M;7WG)BRR(DAV`M_6=`[[%N_VQ+=Z[I\T'4OP;D^ZI=F%G;`/;^C?.L#QUX(.



MNL;9:I6EON,M`23;KDE1IHFTZB%!@6*:')_=((E0JPR))6`9+*NUX\?TKC

7^




M&:
P
#$-A&L5E)4Z



$#RL7!$
V





7SQ3@.DOI/W.;O$*Y

GVQ0]KE5BJ*MK

M`58R!:S3\NHD8Z
;./KK.4C^)-#7HP=K?#T7D+ST*(IB%NP(DKL@CB;I.%C'


M//@XFD+#_7$T+71Q.245!\
G

M);/XX5&7$:^1=QH0-\'N!


_P0
^1I


M8

2$?[WJ\(81AC/
P
M2'[%`5$[`[6H*P:8P-9D4
N%:88YNEGIHIJ750J
(6
M6S)(X'6IT!(`1`01E8(&I2#BDA['F.TYJ_EC0!_'=%/PFW*H[U*[1:V2X_'&

)`#:R;.
43





M/!BR684'%;G*H@T.C#8-4F?*&IV]P=6L:DKXI(],G!MMK2_!\,.2AAXZD6





NK





ADLFA'TB
M?:039\:(9Q1N-5%$56&PJN5US7[9V[!F&
_`L$/$)!^\P`U:@\/E4`+DPT+B


Q18U-?'Y:7YUC7


MGG
FOGEW\N/9FY/?_W@FH2G[*XOD23DJ[Z4G=#F4KW%8Q$\X`9(1J[C6KO7P

M;R=4&Z*[J5#4`D-!:ZBZ&PQ!3;$[=^KI!G*9H+?[Y6#N2@%ACM*:,K+_F0
MSH;7


U&


;H)%\'`&9B-^9Q%Y`IX24O(NZ@[S#A%;JL

M\DTT17E32Q70E#



O)6)=F0&=B@EG::9A2VBNYU!
P

9:HYT,]*;<#EA1B=XSJ
MB(AA!R7.!+E!4O2Y'(P:/&!9'E^1[*E




6XHS
JZ+
TO\#(C

M&L


V

0)


G





G5.:
MTU&$=871BMU34Y7=Q-&;GD&V2BYH

D
MR%D5U;+LU2DKZ1K6^C`\D6!EV5

R)5DRA@;:(5;]0QHTJ80ZRN-;PSJ@O=R*A2'#:C




M&UZQ5(3!RX%H%2&7ZL:K948H
XOX-*I:H1RMF_'&.DT`SUH7$.M403U+Q9?
M.IM`GP7KCNSSMI=FM2VZ(-0]Y^TT!+7G&]J
R;N9EK#QV'J
%BY$V;-/6K=
MZP!9^A4F+/R

NO2#;2W]]I7
MS3W#O#'/S%0[TZ$M@&.FPID.4W]9S-0ZTZ',/'9\DCZ=QR#'S86*9;5WI:?4
MR[N+!UG`WH:`-,(PF&6!4+@AI%)A/J:2R[=4T6SCZ*5]TP5U7Z)1A@R5;0N
M1T


M`.+K4H(T/'E8JW#J*


MK'





M$/V0!L#XK5U02R\*0P]
ZWA[(PXW^-@JEKK.



)(F#^S@QSQ)]
MLG44ABQA



/`54\=*O+?OR2@5%I0Y4$MX1O`[B2'\'F%G-



M.T
WI1'%=0O@R$T'HRK98!3^MHD)IL;3GE@\WU&#CI&L73-]4H]+1[2@--J
MSX,-ZU1]MM8&0][!D%6'S:O[%4IE/J7`M28,SBJZZ75]%F!?AZQM(!#MC#4


T/#%
M




M-%3H23D.B

F+/7=QJM&&I6)UAAJPR&G$
1RN\+#WE0]R
W+]+97[!WDGL?#.-+3<ZR`?-QMKJG78[W'(//U*NX=)
V

M#WO%$BS*]3BK#OC`5]P7SUN1ZA3+Z$M`HNF:]V8ZTQQ7+`U^0M'Y3JL1[C
MEYQVB.



MIK=H='N)IG=7

M_[:)(U;0KME@

:3V_'5[-;&+R:
MQP]IO(Q#5O%`F'*9&&:K['1%.
B@SB+/2A

_P;!%2+*GSY^'
U^1=-K-)]\





4KN=:
:B*I`

L
6JEH?
-/
6ZWCZD:X/1W^#

MM;C+Q*#CDEA6\-O


P








M[8$A]@&

M55'7OI!+#LL!MEG9E0##
RFL/G




M*QL$5UCJ5LI\AE^KEYN)

G_TE*'
M04AEI1T[3MJK@ZB99
%

Z%0CU*F#H98=3

=RZ`UR:)-1;I#'A`\ER(VDJ(2]D
MZ04DH1+P-'&U:?%(N


M7&IO3B]B:E8$P[(A:/OD^X7$!3[-EDM$5S/TAPJ
8EC!^^L-26
VP:.#\G7\




M]163



1PN#`FV1;6JP+L$@
M3\

:A&\5QREZJI504&O!Z&@\^:
ZZ
EWE'0A3Y6PTYP(

M:=`-4.=G%91YJ2G=5KY4TGFWET
5^GQ7S#LQS-B$I,FB:):]%@GMBOC.G0

;L%S1*'F8&
M!@
D

1

D*UB*[366.PZMI%L***%V&2(`2*`ILPH:CD



ML4L8_.


MK^P


M7'VPIM\4JMM[AC7ADEV[&-?FW1!]



2(


]PDN_YKS*EUQB,^MGHA6WQ\?+<Q2<U*C#)279L1G*81*^OO\)L?-RF4
0H9


_1$J^8G\$$483S^%E<3`0







:V:3P]2]$V]WS)*45-X(Y6'=RF&I



6/65H\)OWZ77I1
M;\F*/;#*E
5*SCL5+
`)PV+Y+8M*YYNDOA(.AI_AHWIYZ%3






,U*7,(,L19$`9,\9MJ!
M8K)RG9$QK\O.EI(FOZ]3]#UYE!MBFDEVM6P9PA4Q7G)5IIHN-4Y$K/J(<N6

@S46)5A1*=T^92R9OF%!=9E7$EGD#72CJ\WD@'M77)
MD4P
!BVTV



K_^:WN&#=.E</

MA:4@7YP_

`7H`0IW

D*]@I

MY5HH0G1H*C_/'W'RY



MF3_%$3L+\RG'T21MG
XH+.(G/IS*WH:]-B#7NP-HV16GK`U4-\*6/]^R=NCZ
<=@???==T
^K9N
MZ#M$FT+L.:.Z

@#7?MSA)M0*]Y!]`#NW/3%(3N_$07-!EY




(0O+C
MNS!Z]Y__[Y_^CT/__/G_GITYUSX)5I^<J\@[&X?KZ#^<B;LEGYS/)2QFT;Q


/A`_^3D
M?P[\\)=/[*][-R$.12)

M


M`;-?3;Q!
MK7M/)




M\OW8@\BK##=@U^M1K!/;?P]N!C^KQCJX3^BRX!WN*RB?).#=_\QH8:3OVPRV








MSZSU]O;BN`%Y]9Q9RC1(=.1/I)G%&[M

['(LC1$8XP.49
MZ


M1#4D1G.G+FP


W;5J`L5&RBPX1^&:D)+*=G=D&'=S;4&.@NCU(2F`[
M6[,]-AAW'\/IC+6VNP[/5Y&M$4(MNF\]@7$@1]Z%ISN2/V5]

<H6B6+*%#N++6&ML^=9B!(^,0!PN<X2I)9'*U5,3N51K;/DV;
M%_!WZFD-Q380;HKZ'H#B9@H2VV=.
SBUO./0J@4)@I=!JIS9U7:V#YEZ\=;=

M@`.J!F






MC
-R&E\]3[ER2_T'TTUNZ0N^G;\TGW_B_.OG\$R3-%A+9Q&140.8;LH%//

'%.3':*V(@YP9%`5QN;+H=.TAP9

_XX](*
.=%F+*J&BC9-

ECVL4A1`)ZL+`4R



O97






=T;'WU/E2!MV`T43_N5[5O)I\^[

S[@4*EFW70SOIOY6+PNX(3P50B@B&[^03*PH3!M4*A20F'`







+N











MN46L6GSI@N=04YXWE+@(33N!PM2??\E8^N+DP8BPZ&.EUG[E^38;2]IPSS

MNN^`)7MN^)2^?'YI4@1`#;ZY\6K**RJQ?-`U\=.




M9/
3=B'\



M(


[J_

;W_=L[F\LB]7D



DZ7]T(ZYG_S3J%W[)(\=?T05@M)0V;WD;\7.-@PC50(1FU9
ME48-1_Y`XL%@5+MJ_7GC[2P:APD7;B!;%-JA''
1TS#QC?C7
'8%?!DM'06

*$OR7:81`%'V8G]U


M&875NAO504%N`^0DEG5*ATFCOH:&=Q2:`@F\5P;@7S0B-N`!^
[O]UW_ZULL
M?B=Y;LT
V1&8L&!Y
O+H
7P0*X]


)[P&(9V\UDXSQ-!4.#DCGA.XE&6%7Y_3TPX1K8/AH28$@]E;&

AR8C]PX9$]3S4C



XY




M0FE[$9(;=9!572$GO1G]$1BST_(+/8]D=7/&M7:V%Z.]*(5#!J-?[L4KUJY
M1]\']E7B?I2GXT:1M4I(:_UBG?7OT]PJM]P.Z_A;YV=/0'Q&H.TFM=20/


J
OLFU*]S-K
M6L@:@6DAC;0O&1K5-B]-E)9&(Q-:&8U?M3QJY@;]A'ZEP[_S2%?]/UC@/A=9
M46Z&1T%I[L9E[:UM_T?%T:NY[^EP=$
2W:2I-K&VA[9_`TG$(XY-
5^7Z++#

MOZ6^K)Z/NX2W+IZ3@G?Y0&+BKE-A?):9*



*T
M+Y1_1=:^YZO.X'(2RS5\.D6['K6I$Q2.17S.M\DJ_T@*QFE&F`AM+;=&GU








M&`WOYG2U'4XG7T9TP:5+


MX`!$/JV4H)09Z:?8CW8G5]98`5/;-LET
ZH2!FXF$AR6=95!:D
2G;-(3F$;
M+'`9%1W3&*$9ARFA\DQ9_C%G=#4C
7M-WMTHSZ3/FR[^UK!Q$
:C:S;:OK
MGY66L89C%:)'.X^057)-&6.:QQ+5V8



MH_B;&Z^



6P?!\1:]





MZ)N;`-F!$[&;@V3K*R/VA%0;75DJ\.'
=A?C\FW4&^W@Z'V$431B)T5$=T
M?NR:[IBP=

[V4;S?-GJB7^@G9)]9SV?&='WM^O&M&_]4I[?61FB
M--[^F![Q'YR/9A'-H;KT%#;L

\5'X



MRDS`V!

MA@S_#0.
CU[MK7HHYFT4I@^!Z)%24:6V0^O3N!30
(M#&?@BFU?3;Y89S#^_


UJ[GL\@J%V
1\T7#=4UGYSFA*[V=(S;W`3[`-?ZH[`6

MF:8M(X]^71:DXMI?K+6L
53
ED
KU;SV%8O$E:F*\#(:ZD2M)X
*W7)0)91_
MHZI
Q6_87ZQD*_WD_P-02P
$%`````@`9&Y\1`H_!]
[#@``D8H``!$`'`!J
M86QA+3(P
3
Q
C



=E'XE@NNYUH\60+SUN=
MM5J/CX]'CON`'UUVSX]
M]QT4]=G)HGGZK1_07UBHI
..FYW3H[6



IY*N




MP1*QR9(XWI7+EGTRP[X-FOSB8YO.*+$:R


L@$]NF;^\W9L-*X9P(=+VL_1_2VPXZ8+

:A5.#X2JKCG.MRUJ04M%@HG0L%


[FV*'_D7Q!O)-U5-N[U0!\

.I
MM:BU^SZKW6M=&UVCGC[J#2:C6NISZB^7F#WILRF=.Y!OF!CB=]-T?0BZG?D8


]:'6




^D#&-@[+(44=2E4?


M:H7GLL3B









MZF]:FCWHJR]:I[Q4G0H;85E
]A!W


%Z11Q.^)C1!V!];&.3


ME

\BY90%3X#<L^8T96F%I%8I895%7ANW-&9%-/K&8'1_\!

-?'*#59_*</14_



XV5C2OBU\
M=N?PGXB!8Y
IZGFV%-_\36_AYKQRF?Q-OHQ]BXQ)27Q@LXH

M
C`Q
S$R


M+3(P
3
Q
C

M;&$M
C`Q
S$R

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11.5pt Times New Roman
 Times

