

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001521536-13-000335
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				680678429
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-174435
		FILM NUMBER:		13763701
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST 30TH STREET
 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-736-2310
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST 30TH STREET
 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPER LIGHT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120109
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERLIGHT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120109
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERLIGHT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304








    









Washington
 D.C. 20549




















For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012























Be Active Holdings
 Inc.


























Great Neck
 NY 11021





(Former name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)








Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160; Yes&#160;[_]&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;No [X]






Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;[X]&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;No [_]


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such 


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or amendment to Form 10-K. Yes [X]&#160; &#160;&#160; No [_]




Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company. &#160;See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221;&#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



























The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30
 2012
 was $1
793
811


As of April 16
 2013
 there were 54
206
489 shares of common stock outstanding.

















Be Active Holdings
 Inc.


































































































































Market For Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



























































































































































Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance





















































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

























































































This Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements
 but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally
 statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements.


Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our Management
 such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently
 forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include
 without limitation
 those specifically addressed under the heading Risks Factors below
 as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our electronic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and any amendments to these reports) are available free of charge on the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s website at http://www.sec.gov. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 including us.


We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report
 which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.











Be Active Holdings
 Inc. f/k/a Superlight
 Inc. (&#8220;we&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on December 27
 2007 for the purpose of conducting market analysis on diaper usage in its target markets.&#160;&#160;On December 28
 2012
 the Company amended and restated its Certificate of Incorporation in order to authorize the change of its name to &#8220;Be Active Holdings
 Inc.&#8221; from &#8220;Super Light Inc.&#8221;


Since inception and until our merger with Be Active Brands
 Inc. on January 9
 2013
 as further described herein
 we conducted market analysis on diaper usage in our target market
 researched governmental regulations for the importing of such products
 and negotiated pricing with possible suppliers.





We are a development stage company that was incorporated on December 27
 2007. We have commenced only limited operations
 primarily focused on researching potential suppliers of our private label disposable diapers and the initial market for this product. We have never declared bankruptcy
 have never been in receivership
 and have never been involved in any legal action or proceedings.


Our revenues to date were total sales of $9
000 in 2011 and $85
000&#160;&#160;in 2012. We do not currently have sufficient capital to operate our business
 and
 we will require additional funding in the future to sustain our operations. There is no assurance that we will have revenue in the future or that we will be able to secure the necessary funding to develop our business.


















We planned to market and sell a private label disposable diaper for babies. We intended to import these diapers from third party manufacturers in China. While we believed that the diapers we planned to resell will be similar to the diapers of some of our competitors
 we intended to differentiate our private label diaper on the basis of price
 packaging
 and an advertising campaign that will be designed to reach the Orthodox Jewish community in Israel. We intended to have our own label affixed to each pack of diapers and to build our brand name by being a high quality product available at affordable pricing.


We planned to initially target our private label products to supermarkets that serve the Orthodox Jewish community and assuming a successful scale-up of our private label diapers to the Israeli Orthodox Jewish community
 we intended to explore the possibility of selling our private label disposable diapers to the Israeli-Arab market in Israel and to Eastern European countries. With regard to Eastern Europe
 we intended to initially focus on selling our private label diapers to the Baltic countries
 Latvia
 Estonia and Lithuania.




On January 9
 2013
 we entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Be Active Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Be Active&#8221;) and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 our newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;). Upon closing of the transaction contemplated under the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became our wholly-owned subsidiary.












At the closing of the Merger
 an aggregate of 1
000 shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class A common stock and 299.6 shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into securities of the Company such that all issued and outstanding shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class A and Class B common stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 29
502
750 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock $0.0001 par value per share. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 holders of Be Active&#8217;s Class A and Class B common stock were treated equally as it relates to consideration paid in connection with the Merger.











Following the closing of the Merger
 the Company sold an aggregate of&#160;3
852
403 units (&#8220;Units&#8221;) in a private placement (the &#8220;Private Placement&#8221;). $419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 and included in the foregoing Unit total
 an aggregate of $385
000 of bridge notes of Be Active converted into the Private Placement at per Unit price of $0.19. Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock
&#160;&#160;and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share. In connection with the Private Placement
 the Company and the investors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement whereby the Company agreed to register the shares underlying the units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration Statement
 to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.











Immediately following the closing of the Merger and the Private Placement
 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 the Company transferred all of its pre-Merger assets and liabilities to its wholly owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;SplitCo&#8221;). Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of SplitCo to a former officer and director of the Company in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by such person.























Be Active Brands
 Inc. was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 10
 2009.

The Company manufactures and sells low fat
 low calorie
 all natural probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and ice cream under the trade name Jala and has trademarked its Jala cow logo. Its frozen yogurt is packaged as low fat sandwiches
 bars and pints
 which are designed to appeal to the health conscious or weight conscious consumer.


Following its inception
 Be Active commenced the manufacturing and sale of its frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of the Company's products has grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states. The Company's products are distributed principally through warehouse distribution and a local distribution Company. The Company manufactures its product under a co-packing agreement with an ice cream manufacturer located in Lakewood
 New Jersey.



The Company produces high quality
 low fat
 low calorie
 all natural novelty frozen yogurt and ice cream products. Its proprietary frozen yogurt and ice cream are all fat-free and are a result of its proprietary recipe and the quality of the ingredients in the mix. The low fat
 frozen yogurt bars
 the Company's original product
 remains its flagship product. Jala bars provide consumers with beneficial antioxidants and bacteria flora. Each bar contains approximately 10% of the recommended daily allowance for calcium and about one third of the recommended daily allowances of vitamins A
 C and E with only 110 calories. Jala products are made with naturally fermented yogurt using Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus yogurt cultures with the addition of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus debrueckii bulgaricus bacteria which are clinically shown to promote a healthy digestive system. The frozen yogurt sandwich
 introduced in March 2011
 consists of two low fat chocolate cookies that complement the frozen yogurt. In 2012
 the Company developed a Greek formula to the line and introduced Jala Low Fat Greek Frozen Yogurt in pints. The pints come in seven flavors
 Blueberry
 Strawberry
 Vanilla
 Peanut Butter
 Pomegranate
 Chocolate and Honey Vanilla. The pints are 120 calories per serving and contain 8 grams of protein. The frozen yogurt sandwich contains 2.5 grams of fat per serving. The fat content of the sandwiches is contained in the cookies. The Company's products are sold under the Jala trade name. Its products are currently available in more than 2
000 stores principally throughout the New England
 Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern regions.

The Company promotes brand recognition by packaging its products in a unique and distinctive manner. Each package prominently displays the Jala trade name. The frozen yogurt sandwiches are packaged in clear plastic sealed trays in packages of six. The trays are shrink-wrapped in a clear polywrap for freshness and product protection. Flavor combinations are: vanilla/chocolate and vanilla. In 2013
 we plan on introducing several new flavors for the frozen yogurt sandwiches. The bars contain four individually wrapped bars per box. Bar flavor combinations are vanilla blueberry
 vanilla pomegranate and a fudge bar.



The Company participates in the ice cream market which is part of a broader frozen dessert market. The Company's frozen yogurt sandwich and bars are considered novelty ice cream products. Novelty items are separately packaged single servings of a frozen dessert that may or may not contain dairy ingredients. The Food and Drug Administration
 which regulates the standards for many foods
 has set labeling requirements concerning fat content in ice cream and frozen yogurt. Based upon these requirements
 the Company's frozen yogurt sandwich falls within the low fat ice cream category
 while the bar is a reduced fat product. Low fat ice cream contains a maximum of three grams of fat per serving. Reduced fat ice cream contains at least 25% less total fat than the original full fat product (either an average of leading brands
 or the company's own brand).

Industry data indicates that over 1.5 billion gallons of ice cream and related frozen desserts were produced in 2011. Of that amount
 reduced fat
 light and low-fat products accounted for 20% of the market. (Source:&#160;International Dairy Foods Association).


















The Company sells its products principally to supermarkets
 and to a lesser extent to convenience and other foods stores. Distribution is made through warehouse facilities and commissioned food brokers. The Company has special Vendor Status with C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers allowing full control over inventory and product movement over most of the Northeast Region. The Company markets its products principally through in-store advertising and promotions.



The Company generally enters a new market with three flavors of its bars and two flavors of its frozen yogurt sandwich. Thereafter
 dependent upon the level of sales from the introduced product and available cash for slotting fees
 additional products may be introduced to the existing market. The Company has experienced strong product demand and loyalty in each geographical market that it has entered. The Company believes that product demand is generated principally by its unique product packaging and in store promotions. The Company also believes that its proprietary mix
 which delivers a rich and creamy taste with little fat content
 creates strong customer loyalty.




The Company attracts new markets through the independent efforts of its principal officers. In each new market
 the Company generally will be required to pay slotting fees to the supermarket for shelf space. These fees are common in most segments of the food industry and vary from chain to chain. Supermarket chains generally are reluctant to give up shelf space to new products when existing products are performing.



The Company&#8217;s frozen yogurt sandwiches and bars are manufactured through a co-packing arrangement with Mr. Cookie Face
 Inc.
 of Lakewood
 New Jersey. For quality assurance purposes
 the Company's product is tested by the manufacturer at each production run. The Company believes that the manufacturer's capacity will meet the Company&#8217;s projected production requirements for the foreseeable future. The Company&#8217;s low fat Greek frozen yogurt pints are manufactured through a co-packing arrangement with Ronny Brook Farms. It&#8217;s arrangements with both manufacturers is not exclusive
 and the Company believes that it could use other manufacturers if necessary or advantageous. Under its contract
 the Company pays the manufacturer a fixed fee per case for manufacturing and packing the product. The Company may cancel the agreement on 30 days&#8217; notice at any time. The Company purchases some of its raw materials and packaging supplies from single sources; however
 it believes that alternate supply sources are available throughout the country at competitive prices. The Company has not experienced shortages in the procurement of raw materials or packaging.




The Company is subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The Company's manufacturer must comply with federal and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality
 waste management and other related land use matters. The FDA also regulates finished products by requiring disclosure of ingredients and nutritional information. The FDA can audit the Company or its manufacturer to determine the accuracy of our disclosure. State laws may also impose additional health and cleanliness regulations on our manufacturers.




















The Company's business is highly competitive. The Company's products compete on the basis of brand image
 quality
 and breadth of flavor selection
 price
 and amount of fat content. Most frozen yogurt and ice cream manufacturers
 including full line dairies
 the major grocery chains and the other independent ice cream processors
 are capable of manufacturing and marketing high quality
 low fat or reduced fat frozen yogurt and ice creams. Furthermore
 there are relatively few barriers to new entrants in the frozen yogurt and ice cream business. Existing competition includes low fat or reduced fat novelty products offered by Ben and Jerry&#8217;s
 Ciao Bella
 Yasso
 Stonyfield
 as well as private label brands produced by or for the major supermarket chains. In addition
 the Company also competes with frozen desserts such as frozen yogurt and sorbet manufactured by Dannon
 Healthy Choice and others. Many of these competitive products are manufactured by large national or international food companies
 with significantly greater resources than that of the Company. The Company expects strong competition to continue in the form of price
 competition for adequate distribution and limited shelf space. However
 despite these factors
 the Company believes that the taste and quality of its products and its unique product packaging will enable it to effectively compete in its market.



The Company is engaged in a business that could expose it to possible claims for personal injury resulting from contamination of its frozen yogurt and ice cream. While the Company believes that through regular product testing the quality of its products are carefully monitored
 it may be subject to liability due to customer or distributor misuse or storage. The Company maintains product liability insurance against certain types of claims in amounts which it believes to be adequate. The Company also maintains an umbrella insurance policy that it believes to be adequate to cover claims made above the limits of its product liability insurance. Although no claims have been made against the Company or its distributors to date and the Company believes its current level of insurance to be adequate for its present business operations
 there can be no assurances that such claims will not arise in the future or that the Company's policies will be sufficient to pay for such claims.



The Company owns the registered trade name Jala and the trademark&#160;Jala cow. In addition
 the Company relies on trade secrets to protect its proprietary mix formulation.





As of December 31
 2012
 the Company had no employees
 The officers and Directors provided services on an as-needed basis.&#160;&#160;As of April 16
 2013
 following the Merger
 the Company has 3 employees and has no collective bargaining agreements with its employees.





The Company's executive offices are located at 1010 Northern Blvd
 Great Neck
 NY 11021. The Company entered into a five year lease effective as of March 1
 2013 at an annual rent of approximately $39
360 with a related party.








Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below with all of the other information included in this report before making an investment decision. If any of the possible adverse events described below actually occurs
 our business
 results of operations or financial condition would likely suffer. In such an event
 the market price of our Common Stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment.







Be Active Brands
 Inc. was formed in March 2009. Our operating history consists of starting our brands
 marketing and distribution of our products. We have only shown a loss of money from operations because of the expenses we have incurred in manufacturing
 selling and maintaining the administration of Be Active. There is a strong possibility that we will not be able to sell enough of our products to cover or exceed our expenses.


Since we have a limited operating history
 it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business.


Our limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business or prospective operations. Since our formation
 we have not generated enough revenues to exceed our expenses.&#160;&#160;As an early stage company
 we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization
 financing
 expenditures
 complications and delays inherent in a new business. Investors should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. Our business is dependent upon the implementation of our business plan. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability.





We do not currently have enough cash flow to operate our business. &#160;We will therefore need additional capital (i) to pay slotting fees for supermarket shelf space
 (ii) to purchase ingredients and packaging supplies for our co-packers
 (iii) to pay co-packers for their services
 (iv) to cover general and administrative overhead and (v) to repay outstanding debt and pay interest charges on outstanding debt. &#160;Therefore we will be dependent upon additional capital in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations and expand our products to new markets. &#160;At the present time
 we do not have arrangements to raise all of the needed additional capital
 and we will need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. &#160;We cannot give any assurances that we will be able to arrange enough investment within the time the investment is required or that if it is arranged
 that it will be on favorable terms. &#160;If we cannot get the needed capital
 we may not be able to become profitable and may have to curtail or cease our operations.




















We believe our success depends heavily on the continued active participation of our current executive officers. &#160;If we were to lose the services of our executive officers
 the loss could have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of operations. &#160;In addition
 to achieve our plans for future growth we will need to recruit
 hire
 train and retain other highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. &#160;Competition for qualified employees is intense
 and if we cannot attract
 retain and motivate these additional employees their absence could have a materially adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.




Our business is very competitive. &#160;Large national or international food companies
 with significantly greater resources than we have
 manufacture competing products. &#160;We expect to continue experiencing strong competition from these larger companies in the form of price
 competition for adequate distribution and limited shelf space.


In addition
 these larger competitors may be able to develop and commercialize new products to compete directly against our products
 which may render our products obsolete. &#160;If we cannot successfully compete
 our marketing and sales will suffer and we may not ever be profitable.





We sell our products only in a limited number of stores and the products are therefore relatively unknown. &#160;Initial sales have been good in stores where we currently have our products
 but we cannot give any assurance that our products will be accepted in other markets we will try to reach.





Our intellectual property consists of a proprietary recipe and manufacturing process. &#160;Together
 these two elements give us the ability to manufacture foods traditionally high in fat and added sugar without fat or added sugar. &#160;We decided not to seek a patent for this recipe and process
 and the time for us to be able to seek patent protection for our process and recipe has passed. &#160;We believe that by treating the recipe and manufacturing process as a trade secret
 we will have greater protection than a patent would give us
 because a patent would become public knowledge. &#160;As a result
 the only legal protection for our intellectual property is protection as a trade secret and our trademarks for our &#8220;Jala&#8221; brand. &#160;If our competitors were to learn our trade secrets
 or develop their own methods of manufacturing competitive products
 we might not be able to become profitable.





Our business could expose us to claims for personal injury from contamination of our products. &#160;We believe that the quality of our products is carefully monitored through regular product testing
 but we may be subject to liability as a result of customer or distributor misuse or storage. &#160;The Company maintains product liability insurance against certain types of claims in amounts which it believes to be adequate. The Company also maintains an umbrella insurance policy that it believes to be adequate to cover claims made above the limits of its product liability insurance. Although no claims have been made against the Company or its distributors to date and the Company believes its current level of insurance to be adequate for its present business operations
 there can be no assurances that such claims will not arise in the future or that the Company's policies will be sufficient to pay for such claims.





Our industry is highly regulated by the Federal government
 as well as by State and local governments. &#160;We are subject to regulation at the federal level by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U. S. Department of Agriculture. Manufacturers of our products must also comply with all federal and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality
 waste management and other related land use matters. &#160;The FDA also regulates finished products by requiring disclosure of ingredients and nutritional information.


State and local laws may impose additional health and cleanliness regulations on our manufacturers. &#160;We believe that presently the cost of complying with all of the applicable Federal
 State and local governmental laws and regulations is not material to our business. &#160;However
 to the extent that complying with all of the applicable laws and regulations becomes more burdensome
 compliance requirements may adversely affect our profitability by increasing our cost of doing business.

















We must rely on a number of smaller ice cream distributors
 rather than large distributors to distribute our products.


We do not presently have any independent capability to distribute our own product
 and we do not believe it is feasible to develop our own distribution business. &#160;Consolidation within the ice cream industry has made it more difficult to distribute ice cream products not affiliated with large ice cream distributors. &#160; In addition
 in some markets the largest ice cream companies control substantially all of the ice cream distribution to supermarkets. &#160;Therefore
 we must work with a number of independent ice cream distributors
 rather than a few large distributors
 to distribute our products
 both regionally and nationally. &#160;Our need to rely upon smaller distributors limits our ability to distribute our products and/or makes that distribution more costly.











Our ability to increase sales
 and to profitably distribute and sell our products
 is subject to a number of risks
 including changes in our business relationships with our principal distributors
 competitive risks such as the entrance of additional competitors into our markets
 pricing and technological competition
 risks associated with the development and marketing of new products in order to remain competitive and risks associated with changing economic conditions and government regulation.





We expect that we may experience a period of rapid and substantial growth that may place a strain on our administrative infrastructure. As our business needs expand
 we intend to hire additional employees. This expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial and financial resources. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel
 we will be required to:









improve existing
 and implement new
 operational
 financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures;























train
 motivate and manage our employees.





We may not be able to install adequate management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner
 and our current or planned personnel
 systems
 procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to manage growth effectively
 our business would be seriously harmed.


Because Be Active became public with a reverse merger
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.


There may be risks associated with Be Active becoming public through a &#8220;reverse merger.&#8221;&#160;&#160;Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us since there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our Common Stock.&#160;&#160;No assurance can be given that brokerage firms will
 in the future
 want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our post-Merger company.



















As a result of the Merger
 Be Active became a subsidiary of ours and since we are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 this can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing its ability to grow.


As a result of the Merger
 Be Active became a subsidiary of ours and
 accordingly
 is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;). The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including reporting of the Merger) and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if Be Active had remained privately held and did not consummate the Merger.


The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company
 we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2013 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company
 we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.


If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.


Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result
 our small size and any future internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operation and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical un-discovered failures of internal controls exist
 and may in the future discover areas of our internal control that need improvement.


We have a going concern opinion from our auditors
If we cannot continue as a viable entity
 our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.



We have incurred net losses of $70
000 for the period from December 27
 2007 (date of inception) through December 31
 2012. We anticipated generating losses for the next 12 months. We have generated only $94
000 in revenues since inception. Therefore
 we may be unable to continue operations in the future as a going concern. No adjustment has been made in the accompanying financial statements to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities which could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity
 our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.



In addition
 our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their report on the accompanying financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result
 we may not be able to obtain additional necessary funding. There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve any revenues or profitability. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations are unproven
 and the lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the future prospects of our business.




















We have reserved for issuance options to purchase up to an aggregate of 8
550
000 shares of common stock under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;We also have warrants to purchase 3
852
403 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.&#160;&#160;In the future
 we may grant additional stock options
 warrants and convertible securities. The exercise or conversion of stock options
 warrants or convertible securities will dilute the percentage ownership of our other stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert them when we would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than these securities.




The stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:































































































































































In addition
 the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.


We are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 this can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing its ability to grow.


We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if&#160;we had remained privately held.



















We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings
 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates.





A limited liquid trading market for our common stock developed only recently. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become. We received approval from FINRA for our stock to be listed on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board on January 9
 2013. Our ticker symbol is &#8220;JALA&#8221;. There is currently a limited trading market in our securities.&#160;If
 for any reason
 however
 our securities become ineligible for continued quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board or a public trading market does not continue to develop
 purchasers of the common stock may have difficulty selling their securities should they desire to do so and purchasers of our common stock may lose their entire investment if they are unable to sell our securities. Should we fail to satisfy the standards of the OTC Bulletin Board and our common stock is suspended from quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies whose securities are traded in the OTC Bulletin Board
 it is more difficult (1) to obtain accurate quotations
 (2) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
 and (3) to obtain needed capital.


Our common stock is currently deemed a &#8220;penny stock
&#8221; which makes it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares.


Our common stock is subject to the &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than $5.00 per share
 other than companies that have had average revenue of at least $6
000
000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least $5
000
000 ($2
000
000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require
 among other things
 that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than &#8220;established customers&#8221; complete certain documentation
 make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security
 including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and
 as a result
 the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period
 it could have an adverse effect on the market
 if any
 for our securities. If our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities.





If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period
 under Rule 144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an &#8220;overhang&#8221; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.


Investor relations activities
 nominal &#8220;float&#8221; and supply and demand factors may affect the price of our common stock.


We expect to utilize various techniques such as non-deal road shows and investor relations campaigns in order to create investor awareness for our company. These campaigns may include personal
 video and telephone conferences with investors and prospective investors in which our business practices are described. We may provide compensation to investor relations firms and pay for newsletters
 websites
 mailings and email campaigns that are produced by third-parties based upon publicly-available information concerning us. We will not be responsible for the content of analyst reports and other writings and communications by investor relations firms not authored by us or from publicly available information. We do not intend to review or approve the content of such analysts&#8217; reports or other materials based upon analysts&#8217; own research or methods. Investor relations firms should generally disclose when they are compensated for their efforts
 but whether such disclosure is made or complete is not under our control. Our investors may be willing
 from time to time
 to encourage investor awareness through similar activities. Investor awareness activities may also be suspended or discontinued which may impact the trading market of our common stock.

















The Securities and Exchange Commission and FINRA enforce various statutes and regulations intended to prevent manipulative or deceptive devices in connection with the purchase or sale of any security and carefully scrutinize trading patterns and company news and other communications for false or misleading information
 particularly in cases where the hallmarks of &#8220;pump and dump&#8221; activities may exist
 such as rapid share price increases or decreases. We and our shareholders may be subjected to enhanced regulatory scrutiny due to the small number of holders who initially will own the registered shares of our common stock publicly available for resale
 and the limited trading markets in which such shares may be offered or sold which have often been associated with improper activities concerning penny-stocks
 such as the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTCQB Marketplace (Pink OTC) or pink sheets. Until such time as the restricted shares of the Company are registered or available for resale under Rule 144
 there will continue to be a small percentage of shares held by a small number of investors
 many of whom acquired such shares in privately negotiated purchase and sale transactions that will constitute the entire available trading market. The Supreme Court has stated that manipulative action is a term of art connoting intentional or willful conduct designed to deceive or defraud investors by controlling or artificially affecting the price of securities. Often times
 manipulation is associated by regulators with forces that upset the supply and demand factors that would normally determine trading prices. A small percentage of our outstanding common stock will initially be available for trading
 held by a small number of individuals or entities. Accordingly
 the supply of common stock for sale will be extremely limited for an indeterminate amount of time
 which could result in higher bids
 asks or sales prices than would otherwise exist. Securities regulators have often cited thinly-traded markets
 small numbers of holders
 and awareness campaigns as components of their claims of price manipulation and other violations of law when combined with manipulative trading
 such as wash sales
 matched orders or other manipulative trading timed to coincide with false or touting press releases. There can be no assurance that our or third-parties&#8217; activities
 or the small number of potential sellers or small percentage of stock in the &#8220;float
&#8221; or determinations by purchasers or holders as to when or under what circumstances or at what prices they may be willing to buy or sell stock
 will not artificially impact (or would be claimed by regulators to have affected) the normal supply and demand factors that determine the price of stock.





The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies.&#160;&#160;As a public company
 we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2013 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly.&#160;&#160;As a public company
 we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage.&#160;&#160;As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.




The Company's executive offices are located at 1010 Northern Blvd
 Great Neck
 NY 11021. Prior to the merger with Be Active
 we maintained our corporate office at 23A HaMe&#8217;eri St.
 Givataym 53332
 Israel 
 which was the residence of one of our former officers. Our former principal executive officer provided us with the use of this space at no cost to the Company.





We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigations and
 to the best of our knowledge
 no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party or to which any of our properties is subject
 which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.







































Item 5.&#160;&#160;Market for Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


Effective January 9
 2012
 our common stock was approved for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board.&#160;&#160;Since February 4
 2013 our ticket symbol has been JALA.&#160;&#160;There is no established public trading market for our securities with only periodic sporadic activity since February 4
 2013. There can be no assurance that a regular trading market will develop or if developed
 may not be sustained. The following table sets forth
 for the calendar periods indicated the range of the high and low last reported of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board.&#160; The quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail mark-ups
 mark-downs or commissions
 and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.&#160; The quotations may be rounded for presentation.





















January 1
 2013 to&#160;&#160;&#160;March 31
 2013






























As of&#160;&#160;April 11
 2013
 we had approximately 26 shareholders of record of our common stock.





The registrar and transfer agent for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer located at 110 Green Street
 Suite 403
 New York
 New York 10012. Their telephone number is 917-746-4597.

















As of December 31
 2012
 none of our equity securities were authorized to be issued under any compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements).


On January 9
 2013
 we adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and reserved 8
550
000 shares for issuance thereunder. As of April 16
 2013
 no awards were made under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.


























This report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include
 without limitation
 statements containing the words &#8220;believes
&#8221;&#8220;anticipates
&#8221;&#8220;expects
&#8221;&#8220;intends
&#8221;&#8220;projects
&#8221;&#8220;will
&#8221; and other words of similar import or the negative of those terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include
 but are not limited to
 expectations of future levels of research and development spending
 general and administrative spending
 levels of capital expenditures and operating results
 sufficiency of our capital resources
 our intention to pursue and consummate strategic opportunities available to us
 including sales of certain of our assets. Forward-looking statements subject to certain known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to those described in &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of the reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.








We were incorporated as a Delaware corporation on December 27
 2007 for the purpose of conducting market analysis on diaper usage in targeted markets.&#160;&#160;On December 28
 2012
 we amended and restated our Certificate of Incorporation in order to authorize our name change to &#8220;Be Active Holdings
 Inc.&#8221; from &#8220;Super Light Inc.&#8221;


On January 9
 2013
 we entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Be Active Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Be Active&#8221;) and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 our newly formed wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Upon closing of the transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became our wholly-owned subsidiary.





The Year Ended December 31
 2012 Compared to the Year ended December 31
 2011


Operating activities for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 consisted principally of developing our business plan and conducting market analysis on diaper usage.&#160;&#160;For the year ended December 31
 2012 sales were $85
300 as compared to $8
880 in 2011
 however
 2012 revenues were based on a limited number of sales.


Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2012 was approximately $6
000 compared to net loss of approximately $49
600 in 2011.&#160;&#160;We had limited operations in both years and expense were primarily due to professional fees.





As of December 31
 2012. We had negative working capital of $6
720.&#160;&#160;Cash provided by financing activities of $10
936&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;consisted primarily of loans payable to officers of the Company who converted the loans to donated capital.


As of December 31
 2012
 we do not have sufficient funds to continue our operations.











See Note 6 of our Audited Financial Statements
 included in this Report.








































As of the end of the period covered by this report
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our President and Chief Financial Officer of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) and Rule&#160;15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon this evaluation
 our President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&#8217;s rules and forms. There was no change in our internal controls or in other factors that could affect these controls during our last fiscal year that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


Our management
 with the participation of our President and our CFO
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our President and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective such that material information required to be disclosed is made known to management and others
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decision regarding required disclosure and that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i)&#160;recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms and (ii)&#160;accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our President and CFO
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance
 however
 that the objectives of the controls system are met
 and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected.





Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.


Our management
 with the participation of the President
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2012. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)&#160;in Internal Control &#8212; Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation
 our management
 with the participation of the President
 concluded that
 as of December&#160;31
 2012
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective.





There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December&#160;31
 2012 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.























Item 10. &#160;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance





The following persons are our executive officers and directors as of April 16
 2013 and hold the positions set forth opposite their respective names.



























































Mr. Pugliese
 age 46
 our President and Director since January 9
 2013
 was the co-founder of and served as President of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. From July 2004 to March 2009
 Mr. Pugliese was a consultant to various companies in the ice cream industry and invested in an ice cream distribution company. From January 27
 1994 to July 2004
 Mr. Pugliese was co-founder of and served as President of Silhouette Brands
 Inc.
 a company specializing in manufacturing and selling fat free
 novelty ice cream under the trade name Silhouette with the Skinny Cow logo. As a result of his experiences
 Mr. Pugliese brings to the Company extensive experiences in the frozen ice cream business
 along with strong sales and marketing skills. While earning an Associate&#8217;s Degree in business from Nassau Community College in 1986
 he founded SD Brands
 Inc.
 and began manufacturing and marketing &#8220;Slender Delight Non Fat Ice Cream&#8221;
 a soft serve ice cream mix.





Mr. Wolfson
 age 51
 our Chief Financial Officer and Director since January 9
 2013
 served as Chief Financial Officer of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. From July 2004 through the present time
 Mr. Wolfson
 while partnering with Mr. Wexler and Mr. Pugliese
 managed the New York offices of his CPA firm
 Schulman Wolfson &amp; Abruzzo
 LLP. Mr. Wolfson served as the in-house accountant of Silhouette Brands Inc. from 1996 to July 2004. After earning a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting at S.U.N.Y Binghamton in 1983
 Mr. Wolfson was employed by a local CPA firm. He attained his CPA license in 1990. Mr. Wolfson was chosen to be a director of the Company based on his knowledge and familiarity with Be Active Brands since its inception.





Mr. Rienzi
 age 42
 our Secretary and Director since January 9
 2013
 served as Vice President and Secretary of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. Prior to Be Active
 Mr. Rienzi served as Executive Vice President of Rienzi &amp; Sons
 Inc.
 a company specializing in importing
 farming
 production and distribution of Italian foods worldwide. As a result of his experiences
 Mr. Rienzi brings to the Company extensive experiences in the supermarket business
 along with strong sales
 marketing and promotional skills. Mr. Rienzi&#8217;s received his higher education at St. John&#8217;s University
 graduating with an M.B.A. in Executive Management as well as Executive Programs from Harvard
 M.I.T. and Universita di L&#8217;Aquila in Italy.


On January 9
 2013
 pursuant to the Merger
 Glenn Kesner resigned his positions as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
 as well as his position serving on the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. Mr. Rienzi&#8217;s resignation was not as a result of any disagreements with the Company. In addition
 Mr. Wexler was appointed and elected as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company
 Mr. Pugliese was appointed and elected as President and Director of the Company
 Mr. Wolfson was appointed and elected Chief Financial Officer and Director and Mr. Rienzi was appointed and elected as Secretary and Director.


Our directors hold office until the earlier of their death
 resignation or removal or until their successors have been qualified.























Except as set forth in the director and officer biographies above
 to the Company&#8217;s knowledge
 during the past ten (10) years
 none of the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers
 promoters
 control persons
 or nominees has been:























subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or






found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law.











Our Board of Directors did not hold any formal meeting during the year ended December 31
 2012.


We currently do not maintain any committees of the Board of Directors. Given our size and the development of our business to date
 we believe that the board through its meetings can perform all of the duties and responsibilities which might be contemplated by a committee.&#160;&#160;Except as may be provided in our bylaws
 we do not currently have specified procedures in place pursuant to which whereby security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors.





The Board of Directors does not have a policy on whether or not the roles of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman should be separate.&#160; Instead
 the Company&#8217;s By-Laws provide that the same person may hold two or more offices.&#160; Accordingly
 the Board reserves the right to vest the responsibilities of the&#160;Chief Executive&#160;Officer and&#160;Chairman&#160;in the&#160;same&#160;person or in two different individuals depending on what it believes is in the best interest of the Company.&#160;&#160; The Board has determined that the consolidation of these roles is appropriate because it allows Chairman to bring a wider perspective to the deliberations of the Board of Directors on matters of corporate strategy and policy.&#160; The Board believes that there is no single Board of Directors leadership structure that would be most effective in all circumstances and therefore retains the authority to modify this structure to best address the Company&#8217;s and the Board of Directors&#8217; then current circumstances as and when appropriate. However
 on March 22
 2013
 our Chairman resigned and his position has not been filled.


Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes.&#160;&#160;The Board of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management
 auditors
 legal counsel
 and others
 as considered appropriate regarding our company&#8217;s assessment of risks. The Board of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company&#8217;s general risk management strategy
 and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the Board&#8217;s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees the Company
 the Company&#8217;s management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Although all members of the Board of Directors also hold management positions
 the recognition by each member of their dual roles addresses the risks facing our company and our Board believed the leadership structure is effective.





While we do not have a formal policy on diversity
 our Board considers diversity to include the skill set
 background
 reputation
 type and length of business experience of our Board members as well as a particular nominee&#8217;s contributions to that mix.&#160;&#160;Although there are many other factors
 the Board seeks individuals with experience on public company boards as well as experience with advertising
 marketing
 legal and accounting skills.





Our risk management function is overseen by our Board.&#160;&#160;Our management keeps our Board apprised of material risks and provides our directors access to all information necessary for them to understand and evaluate how these risks interrelate
 how they affect the Company
 and how management addresses those risks.&#160;&#160;Our President works closely with the Board once material risks are identified on how to best address such risk.&#160;&#160;If the identified risk poses an actual or potential conflict with management
 our independent directors may conduct the assessment. The Board focuses on these key risks and interfaces with management on seeking solutions.




















We currently have three directors serving on our board of directors.&#160;&#160; We are not a listed issuer and
 as such
 are not subject to any director independence standards.&#160;&#160;Using the definition of independence set forth in the rules of the NYSE MKT
 none of our directors would be considered independent.

















The table below sets forth
 for the last two fiscal years
 the compensation earned by our chief executive officer and chief financial officer.&#160;&#160;No other executive officer had annual compensation in excess of $100
000 during the last two fiscal years:



































































 Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1)








88
000









































88
000












5
000









































5
000






 President and Director&#160;&#160;(2)








88
000









































88
000












5
000









































5
000





David Wolfson
 Chief Financial Officer and Director










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Resigned his positions as of March 22
 2013.







President and Director of Be Active since March 10
 2009. Appointed President and Director of the Company on January 9
 2013.







Chief Financial Officer and Director of Be Active since March 10
 2009. Appointed Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company on January 9
 2013. Compensation does not include payments by Be Active to Schulman Wolfson &amp; Abruzzo
 LLP
 a public accounting firm that provides consulting (non-auditing) services to Be Active. Mr. Wolfson is a partner of Schulman Wolfson &amp; Abruzzo
 LLP.







Former President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director from August 7
 2012 to January 9
 2013.







Former President
 Treasurer and Director from January 22
 2008 to August 7
 2012.







Former Secretary and Director from October 9
 2008 to August 7
 2012.




Represents compensation paid as an officer of Be Active Brands
 Inc. during the specified period.






















On January 9
 2013
 we entered into an employment agreement with David Wolfson pursuant to which Mr. Wolfson agreed to serve as our Chief Financial Officer for a period of two years in consideration for an annual salary of $80
000. Mr. Wolfson is entitled to an annual bonus if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Compensation Committee (or by the independent members of the Board of Directors
 if there is no Compensation Committee). Furthermore
 Mr. Wolfson is eligible for such grants of awards under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan as the Compensation Committee may from time to time determine.


On January 9
 2013
 we entered into an employment agreement with Saverio Pugliese pursuant to which Mr. Pugliese agreed to serve as our President for a period of two years in consideration for an annual salary of $150
000. Mr. Pugliese is entitled to an annual bonus if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Compensation Committee (or by the independent members of the Board of Directors
 if there is no Compensation Committee). Furthermore
 Mr. Pugliese is eligible for such grants of awards under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan as the Compensation Committee may from time to time determine.


On January 9
 2013
pursuant to which Mr. Wexler agreed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer for a period of two years in consideration for an annual salary of $150
000. Mr. Wexler is entitled to an annual bonus if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the &#8220;Compensation Committee&#8221;) (or by the independent members of the Board of Directors
 if there is no Compensation Committee). Furthermore
 Mr. Wexler is eligible for such grants of awards under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan as the Compensation Committee may from time to time determine.&#160;&#160;On March 22
 2013
 Mr. Wexler resigned from all positions he held with the Company.





There were no outstanding equity awards issued to our named executive officers as of December 31
 2012.











The following tables set forth certain information as of April 16
 2013 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table below; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
 each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person&#8217;s address is c/o Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 1010 Northern Blvd.
 Great Neck
 NY 11021.&#160;&#160;Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants
 conversion rights or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 16
 2013
 are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding such options
 warrants or other rights
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder.




















6
839
556









6
839
556









454
028









6
839
556









14
133
140

















Based on 54
206
489 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 16
 2013.




















Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction
 and Director Independence


During our last completed fiscal year
 there have been no transactions
 whether directly or indirectly
 between the Company and any of its officers
 directors or their family members.





The following table sets forth fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the years ended 2012 and 2011 for (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements
 (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees
 and (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation
 compliance
 advice and assistance.
































10
500











13
000





























































































10
750











13
250






















Item 15.&#160;&#160;Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
















Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of January 9
 2013
 by and among Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 Be Active Brands
 Inc. and Be Active Acquisition Corp.






Certificate of Merger
 dated January 9
 2013 merging Be Active Acquisition Corp. with and into Be Active Brands
 Inc.



























Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations (Split-off)






























































List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15
 2013)










































































Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15
 2013





















Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.








Be Active Holdings
 Inc.










April 16
 2013


































April 16
 2013






































Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.












April 16
 2013



























April 16
 2013



























April 16
 2013





































 Super Light
 Inc.




DECEMBER 31
 2012
























Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and&#160;&#160;2011














December 31
 2012 and 2011 and Cumulative from Inception














through December 31
 2012









Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 and Cumulative from Inception







































of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. 


We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Be Active Holdings
Super Light Inc. (a Delaware corporation in the development stage) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and from inception (December 27
 2007) through December 31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Be Active Holdings
Super Light Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and from inception (December 27
 2007) through December 31
 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company is in the development stage and has incurred an operating loss since inception. Further
 as of December 31
 2012
 the cash resources of the Company were insufficient to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


Respectfully submitted







Baltimore
 Maryland
April 9
 2013


















 Super Light
 Inc.


AS OF DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
























December 31





December 31







































9
225



1
837







9
225



1
837

















9
225



1
837












































15
566



12
996











7
500







15
946



20
496















































Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 150
000
000 shares authorized;























Common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 400
000
000 shares authorized;











111
155
733 and 126
324
690 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively



11
116



12
632 







51
840



32
268 







(69
677



(63
559

















(6
721



(18
659

















9
225



1
837




























 Super Light
 Inc.


FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

CUMULATIVE FROM INCEPTION (DECEMBER 27
 2007)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2012










































December
 31




December
 31









































85
300



8
880



94
180





















54
000



6
000



60
000





















31
300



2
880



34
180





















































33
617



40
136



81
171











5
000



8
690







2
656



6
848



9
505































3
753















1
786





















37
656



52
924



105
890





















(6
356



(50
044



(71
710













































2
033



















































(6
118



(49
581



(69
677



















































































126
076
019



126
324
690 
































 Super Light
 Inc.


FOR THE PERIOD FROM INCEPTION (DECEMBER 27
 2007)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2012























































































































































































































81
172
492



8
117







(7
717



























































































Balance -December 31
 2009



81
172
492



8
117







(7
717









































45
152
198



4
515







39
985







44
500







































































































(13
902



(13
902





























Balance -December 31
 2010



126
324
690



12
632







32
268



(13
978



30
922

















































(49
581



(49
581





























Balance - December 31
 2011



126
324
690



12
632







32
268



(63
559



(18
659













































18
056







18
056





























Cancellation of 15
168
957 shares



(15
168
957



(1
517







1
517

























































(6
118



(6
118





























Balance - December 31
 2012



111
155
733



11
116







51
840



(69
677



(6
721




























 Super Light
 Inc.


FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
 AND
CUMULATIVE FROM INCEPTION (DECEMBER 27
 2007)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2012












































December 31





December 31





















































(6
118



(49
581



(69
677























































2
570



12
996



15
566





















(3
548



(36
585



(54
111

















































































































1
727



7
500



9
227







9
209







9
209















44
900





















10
936



7
500



63
336





















7
388



(29
085



9
225





















1
837



30
922

























9
225



1
837



9
225
















































































































8
847







8
847
























 Super Light
 Inc.










Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is in the development stage
 and has limited operations. The Company was incorporated under the name &#8220;Super Light Inc.&#8221; in the State of Delaware on December 27
 2007. On December 27
 2012 the Company changed its name from &#8220;Super Light Inc.&#8221; to &#8220;Be Active Holdings
 Inc.&#8221;.








For purposes of reporting within the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all cash on hand
 cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties
 and all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.











The Company recognizes revenues when delivery of goods or completion of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement
 acceptance has been approved by its customers
 the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions
 and collection of any related receivable is probable.





Basic earnings/loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Fully diluted earnings/loss per share is computed similar to basic earnings/loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There were no dilutive financial instruments issued or outstanding for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


























Changes in circumstances
 such as the Company generating taxable income
 could cause a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset. Any change in the valuation allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate.





Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#8221; (ASC 820) defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1)&#160;market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2)&#160;a reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels
 which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:


Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities.


Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.





The Company estimates the fair value of financial instruments using the available market information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is required in estimating fair value. Accordingly
 the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and loans from related parties approximated fair value due to the short-term nature and maturity of these instruments.





The Company defers as other assets the direct incremental costs of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. At the time of the completion of the offering
 the costs are charged against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated
 deferred offering costs are charged to operations during the period in which the offering is terminated.





The Company considers incremental costs and expenses related to the registration of equity securities with the SEC
 whether by contractual arrangement as of a certain date or by demand
 to be unrelated to original issuance transactions. As such
 subsequent registration costs and expenses are reflected in the accompanying financial statements as general and administrative expenses
 and are expensed as incurred.




















All non-cancellable leases with an initial term greater than one year are categorized as either capital leases or operating leases. Assets recorded under capital leases are amortized according to the methods employed for property and equipment or over the term of the related lease
 if shorter.





The financial statements are prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.











The Company is currently in the development stage
 and has limited operations.


The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. As of&#160;&#160;December 31
 2012 the cash resources of the Company were insufficient to meet its current business plan. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.





On January 8
 2008
 the Company issued 60
879
366 (post stock split) shares of common stock to the director of the Company
 for a $300 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


On July 20
 2009
 the Company issued 20
293
122 (post stock split) shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 for a $100 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


On November 20
 2009
 the Company began a capital formation activity through a PPO
 exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 to raise up to $40
000 through the issuance of 40
586
244 (post stock split) shares of its common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. As of May 9
 2010
 the Company raised $35
500 in proceeds with the issuance of 36
020
291 (post stock split) shares of its common stock and the offering ended.


On April 12
 2010
 the Company issued 9
131
905 (post stock split) shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. Payment of $9
000 was received in April 2010.


The Company submitted a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) to register 36
020
291 (post stock split) of its outstanding shares of common stock on behalf of selling stockholders. The Registration Statement was declared effective on November 10
 2011. The Company will not receive any of the proceeds of this registration activity once the shares of common stock are sold.

















On August 13
 2012
 the Company authorized a stock dividend whereby each shareholder of record on August 13
 2012 received 20.2931229 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share of the Company
 for every one share of Common Stock owned. This stock dividend was accounted for as a stock split and the accompanying financial statements and related notes thereto have been adjusted accordingly to reflect this stock split.


On December 26
 2012
 the Company cancelled 15
168
957 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share.





The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was as follows (assuming a 23% effective tax rate):























































































































1
407



11
404







(1
407



(11
404


























The Company had deferred income tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 as follows:






























16
026



14
619







(16
026



(14
619



























The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards.


As of December 31
 2012
 the Company had approximately $69
677 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
 and expire by the year 2032.




















 by the IRS
 generally for three years after they are filed.





On January 8
 2008
 the Company issued 60
879
366 (post stock split) shares of common stock to the director of the Company
 for a $300 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


On July 20
 2009
 the Company issued 20
293
122 (post stock split) shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 for $100 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


On April 12
 2010
 the Company issued 9
131
905 (post stock split) shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. Payment of $9
000 was received in April 2010.


On August 7
 2012
 Mr. Kiper resigned from the board of directors and as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of the Company and Ms. Abu resigned from the board of directors and as the Secretary of the Company. On that date
 loans payable to these officers amounted to $8
847. The officers converted these loans to donated capital.


As of December 31
 2012
 loans from related parties amounted to $380 and represented working capital advance from a Director who is also a stockholder of the Company. The loan is unsecured
 non-interest bearing
 and due on demand.


For the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company expensed management fees of $3
115 to an officer of the Company.











On January 9
 2013
 Be Active Holdings
 Super Light
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 a privately held Delaware corporation (&#8220;Be Active&#8221;)
 and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 the Company&#8217;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;). Upon closing of the transaction contemplated under the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.













At the closing of the Merger
 an aggregate of 1
000 shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class A common stock and 299.6 shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into securities of the Company such that all issued and outstanding shares of Be Active&#8217;s Class A and Class B common stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 29
502
750 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock $0.0001 par value per share. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 holders of Be Active&#8217;s Class A and Class B common stock were treated equally as it relates to consideration paid in connection with the Merger.



























Following the closing of the Merger
 the Company sold an aggregate of&#160;3
852
403 units (&#8220;Units&#8221;) in a private placement (the &#8220;Private Placement&#8221;). $419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 and included in the foregoing Unit total
 an aggregate of $385
000 of bridge notes of Be Active converted into the Private Placement at per Unit price of $0.19. Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
 one share of the Company&#8217;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share. As of January 9
 2013
 no investors in the Private Placement elected to purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the Company determined not to file the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware. In connection with the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;) whereby the Company agreed to register the share underlying the units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration Statement
 to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.












Immediately following the closing of the Merger and the Private Placement
 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 the Company transferred all of its pre-Merger assets and liabilities to its wholly owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;SplitCo&#8221;). Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of SplitCo to a former officer and director of the Company in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by such person (the &#8220;Split-Off&#8221;)
 which left 20
851
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock held by persons who were stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and which constitute the Company&#8217;s &#8220;public float&#8221; prior to the Merger that will continue to represent the shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock eligible for resale without further registration by the holders thereof
 until such time as the applicability of Rule 144 or other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 or the effectiveness of a further registration statement under the Securities Act
 permits additional sales of issued shares.




Neither the Company nor Be Active had any options or warrants to purchase shares of their capital stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger. The Company has adopted
 and its stockholders have approved
 an equity incentive plan and reserved 8
550
000 shares of its common stock for issuance as incentive awards to officers
 directors
 employees and other qualified persons in the future.

Following the closing of the Merger
 the closing of the Private Placement for $804
999.88 (which includes the exchange of bridge notes in the aggregate principal amount of $385
000 at a per Unit price of $0.19 into the Private Placement) and the Company&#8217;s cancellation of 90
304
397 shares in the Split-Off
 there were issued and outstanding (i) 54
502
750 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase 3
852
403 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Approximately 54.4% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock are held by the former stockholders of Be Active and approximately 7.1% are held by the investors in the Private Placement.

















The shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued to former holders of Be Active&#8217;s common stock in connection with the Merger
 and the shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and the warrants issued in the Private Placement were not registered under the Securities Act
 in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under that section
 which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Certificates representing these shares of common stock and warrants contain a legend stating the restrictions applicable to such securities.





 The Merger and its related transactions were approved by the holders of a requisite number of shares of Be Active&#8217;s capital stock pursuant to written consents dated as of January 9
 2013. Under Delaware law
 Be Active&#8217;s stockholders who did not vote in favor of the Merger may demand in writing
 pursuant to the exercise of their appraisal rights
 that Be Active pay them the judicially determined fair value of their shares. Determination of fair value is based on many relevant factors that a court may consider. At January 9
 2013
 no holders of shares of Be Active&#8217;s common stock had indicated their intention to seek appraisal of their shares.


 The Merger is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. Be Active is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Company is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that will be reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of Be Active and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of Be Active
 and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger will include the assets and liabilities of the Company and Be Active
 historical operations of Be Active and operations of the Company from the closing date of the Merger.


 The Merger is intended to constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 or such other tax free reorganization exemptions that may be available under the Code.


Following the Merger
 the Company will continue to be a &#8220;smaller reporting company
&#8221; as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K
 as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Effective March 1
 2013
 Be Active entered into a five year and one month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 with rent at $39
360
 per year
 subject to certain increases as defined.&#160; The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security deposit and the personal guaranty of the officers.






















    















I
 Saverio Pugliese certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Be Active Holdings
 Inc.;




2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;













a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;






c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and






5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.









April 16
 2013







































    

















I
David Wolfson
 certify that:


1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Be Active Holdings
 Inc.;




2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;













a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;






c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and






5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.









April 16
 2013






































    

















18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350









In connection with the Annual Report of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Saverio Pugliese
 President of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



























The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.











Date: April 16
 2013






























    

















18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350









In connection with the Annual Report of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 David Wolfson
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



























The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.











Date:&#160;&#160;April 16
 2013







































        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    

    
    
    
    


    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is in the development&#13;stage
 and has limited operations. The Company was incorporated under the name &amp;#147;Super Light Inc.&amp;#148; in the State of Delaware&#13;on December 27
 2007. On December 27
 2012 the Company changed its name from &amp;#147;Super Light Inc.&amp;#148; to &amp;#147;Be Active&#13;Holdings

 the&#13;Company considers all cash on hand
 cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties

 acceptance has&#13;been approved by its customers
 the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions


 such as the Company generating taxable&#13;income



 either directly or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar&#13;assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active;&#13;inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.

&#13;the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. As of&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 the costs are charged&#13;against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated

 whether by contractual arrangement as of a certain date or by demand
 to be&#13;unrelated to original issuance transactions. As such
 subsequent registration costs and expenses are reflected in the accompanying&#13;financial statements as general and administrative expenses


 liabilities


 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) is in the development&#13;stage
 and has limited operations. The Company was incorporated under the name &amp;#147;Super Light Inc.&amp;#148; in the State of Delaware&#13;on December 27
 2007. On December 27
 2012 the Company changed its name from &amp;#147;Super Light Inc.&amp;#148; to &amp;#147;Be Active&#13;Holdings


 the&#13;Company considers all cash on hand
 cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties

    

 acceptance has&#13;been approved by its customers
 the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions




 such as the Company generating taxable&#13;income




 either directly or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar&#13;assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active;&#13;inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.

&#13;the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. As of&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities


 the costs are charged&#13;against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated


 whether by contractual arrangement as of a certain date or by demand
 to be&#13;unrelated to original issuance transactions. As such
 subsequent registration costs and expenses are reflected in the accompanying&#13;financial statements as general and administrative expenses




 liabilities

    


 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern.&#13;As of December 31


 2008
 the Company issued 60
879
366 (post stock split)&#13;shares of common stock to the director of the Company

 2009
 the Company issued 20
293
122 (post stock split)&#13;shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company

 2009
 the Company began a capital formation activity&#13;through a PPO
 exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 to raise up to $40
000 through the issuance of 40
586
244&#13;(post stock split) shares of its common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. As of May&#13;9
 2010
 the Company raised $35
500 in proceeds with the issuance of 36
020

 2010
 the Company issued 9
131
905 (post stock split)&#13;shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. Payment&#13;of $9

020
291 (post stock split) of its outstanding shares of common&#13;stock on behalf of selling stockholders. The Registration Statement was declared effective on November 10

 2012
 the Company authorized a stock dividend whereby&#13;each shareholder of record on August 13
 2012 received 20.2931229 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share of the Company

 2012
 the Company cancelled 15
168
957 shares of&#13;common stock

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2012 and 2011 was as follows (assuming a 23% effective tax rate):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; text-align: left&gt;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: center&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: center&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Current Tax Provision:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 9pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Federal-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 18pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Taxable income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 18pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Less: prior net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; text-indent: 0pt; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 27pt; margin-right: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Total current tax provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Deferred Tax Provision:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-left: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 9pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Federal-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-left: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 18pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;1
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;11
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-bottom: 2px; padding-left: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 18pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;(1
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;(11
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-bottom: 4px; padding-left: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 27pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;Total deferred tax provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt Times New Roman&gt;The Company had deferred income tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; text-align: left&gt;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman; font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2px solid&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2px solid&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: bold 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;16
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;14
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Less - Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;(16
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;(14
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt Times New Roman&gt;The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt Times New Roman&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company had approximately $69
677 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income



407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: black&gt;11
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap colspan=2 style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=color: black&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; font: 11pt/115% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: black&gt;-1
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; font: 11pt/115% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; font: 11pt/115% Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=color: black&gt;-11


026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;14
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 76%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&#13;&lt;div style=text-indent: 0pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Less - Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;(16
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2px&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt times new roman&gt;(14









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

 2008
 the Company issued 60
879
366 (post stock split)&#13;shares of common stock to the director of the Company

 2009
 the Company issued 20
293
122 (post stock split)&#13;shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company

 2010
 the Company issued 9
131
905 (post stock split)&#13;shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. Payment&#13;of $9

 2012
 Mr. Kiper resigned from the board of directors&#13;and as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of the Company and Ms. Abu resigned from the board of directors and as&#13;the Secretary of the Company. On that date
 loans payable to these officers amounted to $8

 2012
 loans from related parties amounted to&#13;$380 and represented working capital advance from a Director who is also a stockholder of the Company. The loan is unsecured
 non-interest&#13;bearing

 2012
 the Company expensed&#13;management fees of $3

    
    
    

 2013
 Be Active Holdings
 Inc. &lt;i&gt;f/k/a/&lt;/i&gt; Super&#13;Light
 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#147;Merger Agreement&amp;#148;)&#13;with Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 a privately held Delaware corporation (&amp;#147;Be Active&amp;#148;)
 and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&amp;#147;Acquisition Sub&amp;#148;). Upon closing of the transaction&#13;contemplated under the Merger Agreement (the &amp;#147;Merger&amp;#148;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
&#13;as the surviving corporation

 an aggregate of 1
000 shares of Be Active&amp;#146;s Class A common stock and 299.6 shares of Be Active&amp;#146;s Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into securities of the Company such that all issued and outstanding shares of Be Active&amp;#146;s Class A and Class B common stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 29
502
750 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock $0.0001 par value per share. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement

 the Company sold an aggregate of&amp;#160;3
852
403 units (&amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;) in a private placement (the &amp;#147;Private Placement&amp;#148;). $419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 and included in the foregoing Unit total
 an aggregate of $385
000 of bridge notes of Be Active converted into the Private Placement at per Unit price of $0.19. Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
 one share of the Company&amp;#146;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share. As of January 9
 2013
 no investors in the Private Placement elected to purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the Company determined not to file the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware. In connection with the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &amp;#147;Registration Rights Agreement&amp;#148;) whereby the Company agreed to register the share underlying the units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration Statement

 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 the Company transferred all of its pre-Merger assets and liabilities to its wholly owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&amp;#147;SplitCo&amp;#148;). Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of SplitCo to a former officer and director of the Company in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock held by such person (the &amp;#147;Split-Off&amp;#148;)
 which left 20
851
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock held by persons who were stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and which constitute the Company&amp;#146;s &amp;#147;public float&amp;#148; prior to the Merger that will continue to represent the shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock eligible for resale without further registration by the holders thereof
 until such time as the applicability of Rule 144 or other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &amp;#147;Securities Act&amp;#148;)
 or the effectiveness of a further registration statement under the Securities Act

 and its stockholders have approved
 an equity incentive plan and reserved 8
550
000 shares&#13;of its common stock for issuance as incentive awards to officers
 directors

 the closing of the Private Placement for $804
999.88 (which includes the exchange of bridge notes in the aggregate&#13;principal amount of $385
000 at a per Unit price of $0.19 into the Private Placement) and the Company&amp;#146;s cancellation of 90
304
397&#13;shares in the Split-Off
 there were issued and outstanding (i) 54
502
750 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock and (ii) warrants&#13;to purchase 3
852

 and the shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock and the warrants issued in the Private Placement were not registered under the Securities Act
 in reliance upon the&#13;exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under that section

 2013. Under Delaware law
 Be Active&amp;#146;s stockholders who did not&#13;vote in favor of the Merger may demand in writing
 pursuant to the exercise of their appraisal rights
 that Be Active pay them&#13;the judicially determined fair value of their shares. Determination of fair value is based on many relevant factors that a court&#13;may consider. At January 9
 2013

 the assets and liabilities and the operations that will be reflected in&#13;the historical financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of Be Active and will be recorded at the historical cost&#13;basis of Be Active
 and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger will include the assets and liabilities&#13;of the Company and Be Active

 as amended (the &amp;#147;Code&amp;#148;)

 the&#13;Company will continue to be a &amp;#147;smaller reporting company
&amp;#148; as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K
 as promulgated&#13;by the Securities and Exchange Commission.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent: 36pt; display: block; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=display: inline; font: 10pt Times New Roman&gt;Effective March 1
 2013
 Be Active entered into a five year and one month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 with rent at $39
360
 per year

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    












      





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  










































































































































































































































































































      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 par value $0.0001 per share
 150
000




 par value $0.0001 per share
 400
000
000 shares authorized; 111
155
733 and 126
324
690 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 beginning



      






      


      


      





      





 ending



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      




      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      










      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Common
Stock


 2008
 the Company issued 60
879
366 (post stock split)
shares of common stock to the director of the Company
 for a $300 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


 2009
 the Company issued 20
293
122 (post stock split)
shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 for a $100 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


 2009
 the Company began a capital formation activity
through a PPO
 exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 to raise up to $40
000 through the issuance of 40
586
244
(post stock split) shares of its common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. As of May
9
 2010
 the Company raised $35
500 in proceeds with the issuance of 36
020
291 (post stock split) shares of its common stock and
the offering ended.


 2010
 the Company issued 9
131
905 (post stock split)
shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. Payment
of $9
000 was received in April 2010.


Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) to register 36
020
291 (post stock split) of its outstanding shares of common
stock on behalf of selling stockholders. The Registration Statement was declared effective on November 10
 2011. The Company will
not receive any of the proceeds of this registration activity once the shares of common stock are sold.


 2012
 the Company authorized a stock dividend whereby
each shareholder of record on August 13
 2012 received 20.2931229 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share of the Company
for every one share of Common Stock owned. This stock dividend was accounted for as a stock split and the accompanying financial
statements and related notes thereto have been adjusted accordingly to reflect this stock split.


 2012
 the Company cancelled 15
168
957 shares of
common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R
%\Q-39C



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S,C!D7S0U.39?86(R,%\Q
M-39C-C@Q-F)D838-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.6(R
M.#=F-6)?
S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='


T0B5V]R:W-H










M;65?5&%X97







M3F%M93Y3=6)S97%U96YT7T5V96YT/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H






#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R
M8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

M+U-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




M971S+U-H965T










M.6(R.#=F-6)?
S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X
39B9&$V#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEB
C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P
M7S$U-F

#$N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

3X\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]






M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y92!!8W1I=F4@2&]L9&EN9W
L($EN8RX\





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D
M($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@
M,S$L#0H)3(P




]



BTS
3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L


]

]


]



]





T1T;W`^16YT






M:7-C86P@4&5R:6]D($9O8W5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1T97AT/C(P


C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P
M7S$U-F






]


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX














MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
X


]
T1P






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

#`P







2PQ-34L-S
S(&%N
M9`Q,C8L,S(T+#8Y,!S:&%R97

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#@T


]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PX


T1T
M;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('9A;&EG;CTS


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R
%\Q-39C




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
XP,#`Q/'-P86X^/]S

#$\



]
T1N=6UP/C$U


#`\







]
T1N=6UP/B0@





#`L


]
T1R;SX-

M1&YU;7`^
3$Q+#$U-2PW
S


C8L
S(T+#8Y


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S
M:&%R97



C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P
M7S$U-F






]



M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

3XV

]

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]
T1R;SX-

]


T1T;W`^0V]S




]
T1N=6UP/C8P
M+#`P







S8\





T1T
M;W`^1FEL:6YG(&9E97


T1T


]




]







]



]




]


]






T1T;W`^










M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@3G5M8F5R(&]F($-O;6UO;B!3
M:&%R97

3(V+#`W-BPP


C8L
S(T+#8Y
M




S(P9%\T-3DV
M7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X
39B9&$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+SEB
C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P7S$U-F
V.#$V8F1A-B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4T54%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$







M86QI9VX]





]

]


T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E




]







]

]


]
M




]
M

]
T1N






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]N871E9!C87!I=&%L/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
C`Y





T1T

\

]


L
M
S






T1T;W`^0V%S
M:`M($)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!097)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#



M









]




M;VQD97(@;&]A;G




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5(24%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\






M









C8L(#(P
M









]

]


]








]






M870@1&5C+B`S
2P@






M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

M;7`^.#$L



]


]

]
T1P



]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P




]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#$U










M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S




]


]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#DP


M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

]
T1T


]





S$L(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3(V+#






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






]

N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8S

]
T1N=6UP/C





5T\


]
M




]


]


]
M


]



3@I/'-P86X^

2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3$L.#0P/'-P86X^



M
S$L(#(P

3$Q+#$U
M-2PW
S





T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


C!D
M7S0U.39?86(R

M


2!R;W=S



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


G!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P




T0G9F]N=#H@
M



#$R('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-H86YG

:6=H=!);F,N)B,Q-#@[
M('1O(8C
30W.T)E($%C=&EV90T*2&]L9&EN9W

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('5N9&5R('1H92!A8V-R=6%L(&)A

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]I/B8C






@;F]T('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=VET






T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SXF(S$V



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



@86YD(&QI








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97


M;V8@9V]O9'

@;V-C=7)R




L('1H92!F964@:7
@9FEX960@;W(@9&5T97)M:6YA

M(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7



M/&D^16%R;FEN9W


T0G9F]N=#H@





@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V




M:6
@96%R;FEN9W

M;F]M:6YA=&]R(&ES(&EN8W)E87-E9`T*=&\@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@;G5M8F5R


M97
@:&%D(&)E96X@:7-S=65D#0IA;F0@:68@=&AE(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@8V]M


G!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\:3Y);F-O;64@5&%X97,\+VD^/]P

G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97







@87)E(&-L87-S:69I
M960@86-C;W)D:6YG('1O('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P-G-T871E;65N=!C;&%S









M5&EM97



G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)B




@
M0V]D:69I8V%T:6]N(A!4T,I(#@R,`F(S$T-SM&86ER(%9A;'5E($UE87-U

F(S$T.#L@*$%30R`X
C`I(&1E9FEN
M97

@=&AE(&5X8VAA;F=E('!R:6-E('1H870@=V]U



38P.VUA




M;7-T86YC97
@*'5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='


2D@86YD('1H92!L

M
RDN(%1H92!T:')E92!L979E;'
@;V8@=&AE#0IF86ER('9A;'5E(&AI97)A



M








@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97

[('%U;W1E






@3F5W




T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M

M970@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@86YD('9A;'5A=&EO;B!M971H;V1S+B!#;VYS:61E




T0G9F]N=#H@




G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@=&AE(&]F9F5R:6YG
M(&ES(&-O;7!L971E9X@070@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE(&-O;7!L971I;VX@
M;V8@=&AE(&]F9F5R:6YG+!T:&4@8V]S='








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




L('=H971H
M97(@8GD@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@87)R86YG96UE;G0@87
@;V8@82!C97)T86EN



M;VYT.B`Q
G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`G/B8C








M;W)D960@=6YD97(@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97,@87)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!A8V-O

M
G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/B8C


G!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R
M

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]


]

'!T)SX\+W`^



M:7IE.B`Q



@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V



38P.SPO


L('=H:6-H(&-O;G1E;7!L


2P@
C`Q
B!T:&4@8V%S:!R97-O
M=7)C97,@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V5R92!I;G-U9F9I8VEE;G0@=&\@;65E
M=!I='


M;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@87
@82!G;VEN9R!C


@;VX@=&AE(')E8V]V97)A8FEL




S(P9%\T
M-3DV7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X
39B9&$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+SEB
C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P7S$U-F
V.#$V8F1A-B]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P




T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M;VYT.B`Q
G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SXF(S$V




M








T0G9F]N=#H@
M





M:&%R97

B!P97(@

C`Q



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


BP@
C`Q





M

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6]N(@F(S$T-SM314,F(S$T.#LI('1O(')E9VES=&5R(#,V+#`R,PR.3$@

@




M

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=`Q,RP@,C`Q,BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@875T:&]R:7IE9!A('-T;V-K(&1I

RP@
C`Q
B!R96-E:79E9`R,XR.3
Q







'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34L
38X+#DU-R!S
M:&%R97



'!T)SX\


M8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]








]

M;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@;6%R



M.B`Q

'!T.R!F;VYT

M=CX-@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y


M=&%X97
@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R




M:6YG/3-$










T0G

M

C`Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V

'!T('1I;65S(&YE



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

C`Q

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R


M86XG/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

B!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT


T0G=&5X


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@



M



M




T0G

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

M86XG/B8C



'!T)SX\

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V






M;&4]

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

M

M.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P

3!P


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
'!T

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@


M=#H@
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@


M
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(#$P



M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@




M+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$X

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SY
97-S.B!P


M.B`Q




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P



M86XG/B8C







'!T('1I;65S(&YE



'!T






'!T.R!M87)G:6XM



M;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M93L@9F]N=#H@

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@




M.B`Q


M(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X)SX\9F]N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/CQF;VYT





M

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M.B`Q



M:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


38P.SPO9F]N




M;&4]




'!T


M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T


@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
M

24G




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z



M




'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
6QE/3-$)V1I<W!L
M87DZ(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=#H@


M




'!T('1I;65S(&YE



M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&YO

M/B8C


'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SY

\+V9O

24G/CQF;VYT




M9F]N=#H@





'!T('1I;65S(&YE




M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z



M




'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M;&EN93L@9F]N=#H@


M:6YE.R!F;VYT.B`Q




3!P





M87`]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
G!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(#$P


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E)SXF(S$V
M



M;VYT.B`Q



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)SXF(S$V

M:61T:#H@

M=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M.R!F;VYT.B`Q




'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O



M:#H@



M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



M







2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B







Q-C`[






M=#H@


M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
G!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(&)O
M;&0@








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G



'!T('1I;65S





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(#$P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

M=#H@
'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@;6%R



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@



M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(#$P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXQ-BPP


24G/CQF



M93L@9F]N=#H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@



M;&4]

'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+6QE




M

M.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
M


M


MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#DE

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXH




T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V





M



M:6YE.R!F;VYT.B`Q







M


M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!B;W)D97(M

M



T0G


M)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=#H@

M;&4]


M=#H@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SY4:&4@







T0G

Q-C`[5&AE



M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N(&)Y('1H
M92!)4E



M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.6(R.#=F-6)?
S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
C!?
M
34V8S8X

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]





]

M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\+W`^












@3F5W(%)O

3(L(#(P
M




M87EM96YT#0IO9B`D.2PP

3`N


T0G9F]N=#H@


C`Q




G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




X


M97

M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#





M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R
%\Q-39C-C@Q-F)D







T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H






M;65N='
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$R



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CXV+B`\+V(^/]F



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P)SY792!D;R!N;W0@97AP96-T('1H870@86YY(')E8V5N=&QY(&ES

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.6(R.#=F-6)?
S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X
39B

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


M

S$L(#(P





G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

C`Q
RP@0F4@
M06-T:79E($AO;&1I;F=S+!);F,N(#QI/F8O:R]A+SPO:3X@4W5P97(-DQI
M9VAT+!);F,N(AT:&4@)B


M;FEZ871I;VX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM-97)G97(@06=R965M96YT)B
Q-#@[*0T*






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


6UB;VPG/B8C,3@S
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#4E.R!P
M861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@9F]N=#H@

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(#$L

@;V8@0F4@06-T:79E)B
Q-#8[





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E


M9RUR:6=H=#H@




M871E('!L86-E;65N=`H=&AE(8C
30W.U!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT)B
Q



@;V8@0F4@06-T:79E



L(&)E8V]M




@



M9B!*86YU87)Y(#DL(#(P
3




2!A9W)E



M=6-H(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!3=&%T96UE;G0@=&\@8F4@9&5C;&%R960@969F
M96-T:79E('=I=&AI;B`Q

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M


G!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@
M4WEM8F]L)SXF(S$X

M

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M9F]L;&]W:6YG('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H92!-97)G97(@86YD('1H92!0



L('1H92!#

M;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H)B

30X.RDN(%1H97)E869T97(L


&-H86YG92!F;W(@8V%N
M8V5L;&%T:6]N(&]F(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O9B`Y,PS
#0L
SDW('-H87)E

30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&AE;&0@8GD@

2PS





30V.W
@8V]M;6]N







38P

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/DYE:71H97(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@




@




M9'1H.B`Q


T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M






M5&EM97



M/B8C


@4F5S


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M9B!S:&%R97
@;V8@0F4@06-T:79E)B


L('1H


M(&]F(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7

M(#(P
3


30V
M.W

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97













M=F4@86YD(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9G)O;2!T:&4@8VQO

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





30X.RDL(&]R('-U8V@@;W1H97(@




M9R!T:&4@365R9V5R+!T:&4-D-O;7!A;GD@=VEL;!C;VYT:6YU92!T;R!B
M92!A(8C

Q-#@[(&%S
M(&1E9FEN960@:6X@271E;2`Q

'!T)SX\
M+W`^#0H-CQD:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
S9P=#L@

M=#H@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SY%
M9F9E8W1I=F4@36%R8V@@
2P@
C`Q
RP@0F4@06-T:79E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT








]

T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO





T0G9F]N=#H@

M;VYT.B`Q
G!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`G/B8C


M8W1I=F4@2&]L9&EN9W
L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[


N)B
Q-#@[(&EN
M('1H92!3=&%T92!O9B!$96QA=V%R90T*;VX@1&5C96UB97(@



N)B
Q-#@[('1O(8C
M,30W.T)E($%C=&EV90T*2&]L9&EN9W,L($EN8RXF(S$T.#LN/]P/@T*#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



]
M

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SX\:3Y#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]I/B8C
38P.SPO

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T



@;F]T

@

@;W(@

]
M




@

@87)E('1R

@87)I


T1T;W`^4F5V




F5S(')E=F5N=65S('=H96X-
MF1E;&EV97)Y(&]F(&=O;V1S(&]R(&-O;7!L971I;VX@;V8@<V5R=FEC97
@



M960@=&5R;7
@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'-P






M0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W




S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


T1T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=&%X97

@-S0P+@T*1&5F97)R960@=&%X

@87)E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8F%S960@


N(%1H92!D969E


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SXF(S$V







T0G9F]N=#H@


L('-U8V@@87
@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9V5N
M97)A=&EN9R!T87AA8FQE#0II;F-O;64L(&-O=6QD(&-A=7-E(&$@8VAA;F=E
M(&EN(&IU9&=M96YT(&%B;W5T('1H92!R96%L:7IA8FEL:71Y(&]F('1H92!R

M=F%L=6%T:6]N#0IA;&QO=V%N8V4@=VEL;!B92!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!I;F-O



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






@



@;VX@=&AE(&UE87-U

@82!F86ER

@8F5T=V5E;B`H
M
2DF(S$V

@9&5V96QO



L('=H:6-H(&=I=F5S('1H92!H:6=H97-T('!R:6]R:71Y('1O


M='
@*$QE=F5L(#




Q-C`[

@:6X@86-T




@3F5W(%)O










'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@+2!);G!U='


M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86QU92!O9B!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='




@;V8-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N








M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=&AE(&1I




]
M

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\










T0G9F]N=#H@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






M
T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




L#0IA;F0@97AP96YS97
N($%C='5A


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FES8V%L(%EE87(@16YD/]T9#X-

M;CH@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M8F5R(#


C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P7S$U-F
V.#$V8F1A-@T*



]

M:60]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P









M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97(G/B8C

M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#%P
M=!S;VQI9#L@9F]N=#H@







M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M

Q


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SXF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V


M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N







M(&-O;'-P86X]

3$U)2!#86QI8G)I








M(%-A;G







M




7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
7!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R


















M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#(N

M4V5R:68[('!A


M1=F;VYT.B`Q,7!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A+!386YS+5-E


M8FQE.R!F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=F5R



M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@







Q-C`[)B


M)B


M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]



38P

B!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,7!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A+!3


3$U


M


2PT
M

M



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0@;F]W

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@=VEN

M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G



7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
7!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R

M

3%P

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M

M/B8C

M/3-$



7!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L


M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N=#H@


BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@9F]N=#H@



]





M)W=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@9F]N

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
G!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=&5X

'!T

C`Q

M




@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V


'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

C`Q

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M;VYT.B`Q


38P.SPO

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S


@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

T0G


M)B
Q-C`[)B






M:61T:#H@



T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(#$P



M;VYT.B`Q






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


M(&EN;&EN93L@9F]N=#H@


M:6YL:6YE.R!F;VYT.B`Q



M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z(#$P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V

M;W=R87`]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
G!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[(&9O;G0Z


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E)SX\

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V




3!P

M93L@9F]N=#H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V

M9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V




'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M4



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N

@

T0G=&5X

M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@






M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H\+V1I=CX-@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y8C(X-V8U
M8E\S,C!D7S0U.39?86(R,%\Q-39C-C@Q-F)D838-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.6(R.#=F-6)?
S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X
M

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



C`Q



]

C`P.#QB

]




















]










]





M.2PQ



C`L
CDS+#$R





]


]


]

]



]




]


]


]

]

M97

]


]


]





]


]


]


]





]


]








#`P


]

















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]


]











M/3-$=&]P/D-A;F-E;&QE9!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@

#`Q









M-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]


]



]















M
2PT

M1&YU;3XH

]
T1P




M4&%R=%\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@*$1E=&%I;'

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]










M=%\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
C!D7S0U.39?86(R





M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






]
T1N=6UP/C(S+C`P)3QS

]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y8C(X-V8U8E\S
M
C!D7S0U.39?86(R




M:78]

]
M






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

3(L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R

]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]

]


]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3


]
T1R93X-

]
M

]











]



]

S@P/'-P

]
M

]
M

]


M96YT(&9E97


]


]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
C!?
34V8S8X
39B9&$V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEB
C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?
M-#4Y-E]A8C(P7S$U-F

C$N:'1M










M
T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

34L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P.2P@
C`Q



]



2PP







M9VX]




T1T;W`^56YI='
@












]




]
T1N=6UP/C$P








]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#@U
M
2PS



M(&EN8V5N=&EV92!A=V%R9'

]
T1N
M=6UP/C@L-34P+#`P

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#4R+#0P


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&AE;&0@


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&AE
M;&0@8GD@:6YV97-T;W)S(&EN(%!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@


S(P9%\T-3DV7V%B
M
C!?
34V8S8X
39B9&$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+SEB
C@W9C5B7S
R
&1?-#4Y-E]A8C(P7S$U-F



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M
M87

M
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DevelopmentStageEnterprisesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DevelopmentStageEnterpriseGeneralDisclosuresTextBlock'


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DevelopmentStageEnterpriseDeficitAccumulatedDuringDevelopmentStage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_StockSubscriptionPaymentsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_CancellationOfStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_CancellationOfStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
_/IB(A1.*T/+AQ_SUUPV0%11$BF1DIA1

T\!Q^@?\2$+_K7SSY_.V9QM9C
M\UQXHWK#


MT:SC[0'U9R

+OK^%
MX@YAX*ULW*_#W:2A7QM1
M.DT:#ZD_D`VC&RFHX8XG'.:G]I%W4CJYPG7#23HF._#JP?.4U:%1#5HQCUM)

MD3I[
+K
M<P#BBY%(5\OYTO\R5,`ZM:91,=DJ5Q:\FS&0D(CN%JD9LUHU<Q.=844


Q`F9Y1MUBCKR;E_V=/A'N?2L'Y_8
M9

MK0M`)_4Y

OL#]5SNCOR_E#*D

C3__MI)
M38Z@&G6@5_%.M8

Q)?8Y
?8[`I9R*

MQ0R4+:06N+Y*PD9*%5()FJK65USBQDH.:^!^&`VJRNDB('RD[\*G[$;,U^
M)AG=*@M)


28-JI&])JY8L+=360WRV61


`C=9]U'-#IQFFG*EP#=P+3NS-[_/&\'22*O)H8;E


R;?9X$?F70QBC


-I/
&OU^
W*2@T;?$KNW)VBFI,N&/I@+PVY#=@5'LJ(G1%`SC)JQY#([

WN==C\/[6OVP!PQ13\



/


0M$T\X?);EM;
M.JPEMXCM2S!FWB_
91[%+I?VA+MRVR+N;MQM*A8T0T.8A6A10/-:4;/=/@C0
MW)-N=GN=W9#N8=J;71EQ
E(L`&!NI]GH-UI[!)A_FHUV3U^YT1XZUIBPCY

M&
<U`K(%7.3BV+_#=1^\RF9T6$[Y
4[.IN?%S
M$\\=`EK]=L\LB'I^-[JPNZ
PZLGWR9=/:BMXNE.I9CXO;!]@UI]0M0\$*\Y&

L]'\]9OFFOVC4:)FK%'ZMD^5%7T

MP^AV#%/;U[H=GO*X6C\I

M\^6




DVS1-RJ(#G7
ZWJ

M%[H6GGR:1K_9V9@


E
M\C#3S^Q1WBGNA<E-%<U-0$I%7U:%[Z!,%5O\.B@K!9:QH*T+]K;O0LZO^FJ







03[B00X2Y0Q.#$5^


MMY

5&
MVI#\07O91O

=
H$2//!A'AIUH$;:P4)#
M1SSD'!30DF
<&@X\!JMWGL&WP;S8X`$'RO5Q%WJ&2MN!)_`@


5!(?
MDDJT4U)WTNUC]8O#T+54





@P:2GQ4D^)3+D+RF52@8]




M7'D:GU1J5?[#)$_K3X2VO
^BM#!
M]3)X&.DT=(ZYFY3$6!\6^H_IK;JP^73(#4C8/]1MY5TY?I+@S\FHS^'E
7

MDQ49+)I7'/#0RR3ACDVP'.2A10]A&(RXX#]8\(B*CCJ&396C4)_#6D%!98QS
MP&63F5K/UIOQ*E35I^R

M*(^;S



M



%_.
A.XR$S(S4;EHVA3(9
&/GW?AHX&!)V!9YR`D
-_'

M

/M0
D\N%?

(R2D`7UL=74TR4<CPB$V06AR#*@CDJ,R#&S.ZCC;NP-PB
M_HO9:ZEAXFROU(OX@Z?`(QBMQE4';+\*8X%\B8#(E\$0JULJ[
@CB=?TB6C

WBEG-^
QFL(5/&E,7\QF[!R1,187$7
M\@ODDKP$K\(-)!&96'DF9Y,P4S*1BB*@:T8'4!@QFZ`016%,J0J]?UT@8XQ

M1
0R_W0()
M_YM3@/`JI=`7XZ(G(^\8$]\A79-:P^*JR,T*\DMO4KAAAE&X?ZN93]7V%[:H
MP4!3A0L1=053B;$(CUDV#O.2_K!4#N1?J(%E=*=ML)M8TD)G%HI=!R9^D



5EIGC
M


M=:_B*^Q5S-5XDUZNQ


M8*S4)BJM%

MFW9T6Z;W[S%8?5G_XJZJH'3_I.Z?W%W_9




QK$RFP6%.DRJ
;

M#$`
9+


#(FL
@%-=BST%E!2PT*E
MY#'/*
F$L#0]ZI]7\TYDO6#HF1L=1M;WF@&&/1:%LBFY@2M05LM']1S5INO_

&BR%&8WF*/^=75I0DN






=*`VK-X+@@(DM=T@?@,E0A(5KSKY(54
M10<Z`Y1`.'22RP\!&]81G4@C`C[L@6D/S\S1X#2G#X*D-8UL_%^MIYUQ24G






?AVBN#A
ML:1EI%B%O42*(TN5QD\`H$BHZ*B26WD3?A.NXPJ^L9%Y[19BKTRDRZ=JJX$_
M@8-RK?@G-1!VP:XYMGM+(3Q%

M:\:I!Q3^[0Y7[[\]`)
?+'X!YK)Y6@.T'(-EP-IBL
V

ME&\7RP3FR0?L[)[[S@+38P3]-Z.?3:53XAO(CRA2WRE-D[AD[79NVQD+_]

=3W8);





M1F$:N




^PDTK.!8DP%E7O-@+NN<GE:*'8'T&Z.H?86U9ID-<GN

KPB?AM&#


X:GH?XW'KRR0?5[$=^?DF5X=XNYE'E@AM9S=L=J.'M




/&A4:Y+5)+L?


6

8(68?.;G?H(C+AC(F@%#XXQN;_G+T&4PB
ME+O'E@W_)B%]AG][]M&O9
YE#1=J@T6Y`:.NX4)8J)/0]YUYS-X;\E.Y@:)-


P27W)X'
MX/3P`8G9L$&


9Z)F
CN80?F7QRS

JIPCG8#4D

=[V`WSA`Z`YF8&7[8P5+HQY,\;N/G!3_2E
M#_K2!WU@_JV^]$'3\(N@87WI0Z;8]*4/S\94.X#UB22[`XCW#8-ZMW=]K)F^
M]$%?^K&^:4/S[_5ESYHNCU0NM67/NA+'_2E#WMP&J$^T5Y?^K`MY:M9Y%6R

MDVY@I9+
!=$\[XH?/_DFZ!8O

5=6_

=UGMU?
M\SB2*BSDN(CGIP/U/

U[#&
MC!L&MA6'](?V:#O`KB1-3!ZO`JEC]CW=MU(]H5.'P$='^L)9';:I]5PS]2




-SW+PBNFXDGDS8G


7\^CSS?


/`*2&@\





Z8.2@4^%VF+L@/D#DN


D'&!-J_BL(@Q+ME\9WX*O2]R8+_=S=.QEH
59OJ
MPL_*:179
V/\


1PD;PP]40\'OZYZAN0GVJN\OCL.'@G`8'3`<SW<
`46=1Z@7`6BCO%]
MCH%*L&]0*`H#*\FM'P*(Y

E).
\?50[=*TU6

M2[P:(3X;/!GD6@)K8VE\
#$FBT.N.1IUAN[<_%M^6IBX,$J8)F*D!XM#P
M9J`V/*[`^#UT0AC4+L=X8*3:9$2*Y#*%.JA6K1QCB]/)G;ZP81N@*`E*OU
MVH75@81`$'7@:D0DM;(3W9$YL+KFZ4#=C@8E6Y@Q_AF(6`EHOL]TX-<G#;(
M3M/@8:2G+CR)&*E?L#H!QPN

H6PO&9](045/8ZIS:OHP[D!-V&`Y=W)_45



7$I(7
J:
M4PH8H2=(6Q@&1COEN1Y%M.N5Y0%

I:JB'GJJ!*G

C0#
M//0V

+_7ZOK+J

M[

O21/6!$&.X'D*S#4QIG[H*/9'[004P*(D\(37AC-N






U!75=LOUR6T]M



^%.8+XD*(7B4JJ(@GT*28`^




H;A:P7
.`63`_U%JF^(D4`9A2'(?A`_ZEVKW[5KI6N)



DQ%)8`79!QXYZ$/@CF_

N#@BL1+N5A1

TJHD5#O^B_E\0
M6RRB^`!H.#P8A
4*?2GD!_F0/,[646'B%B`T'@(.8A(24%*]@I.CF:0B&@

MV:#;MY0SVM8&99VU.'C\

*GV1'Z'UC
M=R&5VH6:)-

!:(C+]^.54&^#OSW8^+*W1?KM5(R*:6UK7.!G:O-Q24

M`;H*;C]31D=%[N7T(\O[+S;FH-^7TZUOS+(?\BDW^;4$!-
N74;@)\R?25





G`*BC(P?LQ\^!Z+
M:UEP_/WZZ-=OC!)!HI62

I







M57D;5$BA_C
B
D-=
LRA












?
*;ZB+G9S-Q6S)UF!L


M)-LM^1]#QWLOH]*]%W268O_YB'M$%9].QX`O

MT*(F/D719F.+'2*_0+5E'OE

L2[$%JA<7-)]<Q\T24S
MEZC<N3;@468=H-/=(EP
66JFRU?ABIX]#SVID



M




/0BS?\^





M:F%L82TR
#$R
3(S




S680RKZ(

MA`GF9F@H!QO
13NB1GRAHMUS*GH!*R\M=0TU@U^
W`XE#YR:/\L09H@V@V$D
%UD2)W&:4
MB$O3+QSE6*MH-]6S)R[ZY0G#ETOQ4=Z%
\6W666:K3;M5)U8-WB$$[M6OTDJ
M-%Y%+A'V'9O()-CZA+5JIYJHW'3!

MF_?G`DT18\B*[@U=5\RZ-GDFJ7&/:B;-154MS,NU`6^J;U6JG%=\!75B[!

9

M0`.A1OP2$@OXZBAWQ;J[*V:&9/8(MV`



M(+2.]R4IABQ$'E3IBD.A/S0






M\[A(R.QQ_-
X\V)^&GO;J:]Y()KXV=:;T'IGR:.WH^_DX0+LRM=5'D/R]:AO



[CHF7QH$XFUAJGPP/0)JK`





C`Q
C$R
S%?
,U2DG__YNCMX1N$\Y@D:;[\


:

LLI.^`]]QW_H



M=!!7VD]S5*G!8-I'7$9ICI/SB.9IOBRL%#

&\TPZ:(4G%YCD?:95JLB
MIHND



:1%'V=]Q1
V=@5G4
M%P.&P-9D

F!X









@7



@9*=%N;2Z@/W6






J-.7\
TE=^!8:]K
M*3LKB

MUX0%#HXKY6W90

RJ$8A4+B&911PB
MP1R#L2[-@$9BBEO6


(`J75-;02TLH2''7B0P;BI!:340;H%.
M_S(I!/+P$59EWE


.RY'*H8((PN/&!DJ*XI621
MFGJ*CH1/3FB@M?G0^AK6=J`*K$\&(8%60@0&#6Y6F$;\
/IY=?EJ(`:QR/ND

WX?
'E

M:)Q+G?[)314
LV(LTLU1J^UMO%:I:BIS\Q6
BE3P]M1KQJ!=(HCQ_2`M]'SW4(

0[%F45^U`

Q&NU$,*H&ALBM2;8R#JK,)7U4Z0&XQ7KF

M



T8G958*3DY=/!4XN\^:D

:]]!J@T-
M+MNL-H




MWBA

MWGJ]^.4


%7M?#7?/.
FPUT9D;OV(RU5TI?6-LR/ZKAHNCYC
U*
MU


MT0W\)OFB73XXM4:`U.]@





M;PL`:3F.C]D&?L'6Z=G:L&_5NK+
\:U:E3#UB[5`B
-;BWS3N;WN*'96KO%G



MEE&&-()S:11
=5+#R5.T%/DE=)G.@5:J
#JY3DZ+69*DI7@SCZ_97^;5VI#(



M-2=-
JL^-K4N)-4QB
)=WUPQZ:&G#+OA9B4(:VJ#46N&$;





-GJ-




IXMGH:Q(33`KER..!*PO5F_Y]]W4PC=H_#;V033#';DB'I`7II%-POV
MASP+7T!I%?)H[`^X?.`/.O$$S\,=]8._W/R`_#58_
&!3!
=$%I.[#
IC;+




MZBT

L'+A*HWF:B6N_(UO!2&MA

M`$8WK
_T
*[?'6DC?/J.$3WK*`/!V;L-ZNW[SIU1V]!Y_A`]IX_K1S;GBS%.

!7P]=[.LQP=^!I_!


JOB+#]W`;V)#NWQPQHT`J=EHJ+0X:VBE

S
AE$VDG.`UM






KQU06CS(T^VH;\.W-%



A]]G*V+Q^

3(4F
1#/-W
MXH9F0UULA[H'GZ]9]6O
[YIDK#$FMQ'E*52K33AMM1JE?WD';H8PC%6=$D1Y

@]1SKYX.C


MC(M6;_5:=P\R-KN8*;=P^


MDUWZCK




M'?$7D


M3

F
S2%9


MBR0/2K+F%BV7%]YZL:WE
:(?$+Z+:RBV9



IK_/(J+P1?^5-VY\B3OBRN=U4#*P03N@X(T;3L`;AEBE


MX_M2YWSC:D73`I^)S:9R%L?KQ[6XHG&VYN^9]35T%;6]54`5NT-GU/1ZC2`2
MDFAC?`]5YE'+/I(_@!3%0/1IQW/G_URGY8N.#JH4H.JU@%.67%JBOT=2&
W*

J?!-4@^#+/

1^/4D%
M_C+

M`I1(-'X:
-?C3M-:A*\Z9XCZ4RM:G3`UDA?KC%/D`F/U0D7WZU\2$GLK=?9;

5[^8K6$6KX%+&%R$0KDAIE


G+&Y.?NC


MB&JL[JA5[FGFQH

M
C`Q
C$R


/

M





M:
?7:_J7VH1KF[_F+-/M;-//K%
WFNX`P2`J?;S\ZCB'I=



EH]TN





MQ.9'I[#1TH
]@'[&04)52#9\ZS&2`E-IJPG(WQP$1W16



U5&(S

.

MJ;'`M9Z#(2.PFHTVUG\]=DX[(5GI9G0/-JQ`DLI)/R$)G48J`HCF3Y





MT#0'+R###[3H.V6
M!M4CJKGTW$-U^-=]O$SC!A2O:OZ(0$WZAIV?8

Z#M$\3$]=^9O@PA?J#?#1E\Z5NDH%?G?)CW8+?W7QP8WE,\E:+?32R9D
M]D*=&JO:6VW:+\19`K)W8#G#L:[*5XT



I9H39C0T-33EM]#?]UFU:M


17^S5`VI'56KV.QH:&IMRP

&)%,YB=WB/5/X=,1O;,QK28X@O;-N2@E6X@(FK`
M;G9YG0;
=41V_S:`U6@7LVR4XTLSN8J)C*RQ8UZ)RY-=88-*DBW
!-?RUH




_T%;(C
2(_N]KN
M$
&H$:-P2*)33YC?`IQ

.A+5]Q@=^]M
M0F$II#Q$TA4C%4M@C6`V2W4L%I?EI0BI*H\2'(Y(E=\\LXU)U\&]/TC8


+;7HWCIM)P3/6ALUR=6$U1NC#(.!JS9+9\@HI
M47


M$


M
M7-0!(FR8G`^N)#H&+0'R83I=8TS1[,4PU44#-5*'`T565W`-`[QB
P^=

MK88K@M2/RVE16C1'
7_9Y?H[P)36V;`OF\9J`&S1:EMIS0$CKCNMNS73C_MF



0



OH1P!

M`FA*5W%^U.`\BF!LD(MOWZW5PG\SV+O2H1LC(MU$_PKC!;N7F=VHIC9E!8W5


X`4
X0RE
M]ZXI]Y#:]'A`%5$=:
Z-27`G2.[
4O93AY4NIX57;`WA-^S-:HZ[
?:-5.;`

'4JKFVAJ


%*!&\OJ+BIALR45@').6-KS

$UB5#G2AL!5OFRO#.BJ*P*])1[HHV0K(




B%`3XF:6&5)F$%AU;+9KH

M



MIT-YJ[*%FOHZ[LDXNN@


CR[@.=^<1-(G&O3Z</N9:L-TV_Z
MRGDMH-*'ES&)M!-D9EW8O6VU%4P:JC':<<U^P_Z:4.NDG_P_4$L#!!0````(
M`.EXD$);H%CO^@@``-)```1`!P`:F%L82TR
#$R
3(S


MXGL#=
U=ZX[-^
_H
P[(`'TDC`BLN/@9_8[]4+?P6^H3@:YXL/2)(M`1C31`
#F[
0^&2%&M*



MEW&+;ELN*40T-/SE0H?+0'?3$!RI!]@-E9CZTX;ID.HI1PR[X8IJI[TW!!

MYYOJK7L*)M4K%XG-&_.AB/'-FB

X/1VGW


MVB

HDC&FGJW7!:
M=H-&RFV@.:RC=,$XG$KR/01U;E;PD20S^<9Z(_?+64OB@SOD1JU33*X3P*Y
M/9%TWNV?2**3Y.DX$_[


G$%BX)912


ML5+A3E
M5E1%=L]=`]7`HK]99^EFRSGU.H[W;7T-I+N(L3&#+L)D?#M(41S
M!56-&$:$RL(PF_A*IEC6!JNM/(T5:DWB%'GTPQ[C-Y:[[6\.W;*'-U*Z=I$

:J
K^/XP5Q@Z
W$%79K\4-]ATY6^

MIT2GW76


M/I9R6)ID0^8]A$K[Q8NV`BXF_
KG$KZE_M^+]=`!KH7^L+^^.[

MB



MIN2$CT+A+KL.I1O(SJT5TJAH_\'#Y*+G8?9A^@'CE6+82NFW5\//NO$*HE[
M!]N25%S(\II0JV(SSY^FX84=O26&Q_\`4$L!`AX#%`````@`Z7B00EI7/WM

M*%
``!4`&````````0```*2!.$
``&IA;&$M
C`Q
C$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54



M``#/_P$`%0`8```````!````I($T5```:F%L82TR
#$R
3(S

M550%``-EH6U1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`Z7B00CC

M&```FVP!`!4`&````````0```*2!CWH``&IA;&$M
C`Q
C$R


M^@@``-)```1`!@```````$```D@7*3``!J86QA+3(P
3(Q
C
Q+GAS9%54
L!0`#9:%M475XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H``WG```````
`
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies




 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is in the development
stage
 and has limited operations. The Company was incorporated under the name &#147;Super Light Inc.&#148; in the State of Delaware
on December 27
 2007. On December 27
 2012 the Company changed its name from &#147;Super Light Inc.&#148; to &#147;Be Active
Holdings
 Inc.&#148;.


from the accounts of the Company under the accrual basis of accounting.




 the
Company considers all cash on hand
 cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties
 and all highly liquid debt
instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.




assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at period-end exchange rates. These translation adjustments
are included in net income. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the entity are included in net income.



The Company recognizes revenues when
delivery of goods or completion of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement
 acceptance has
been approved by its customers
 the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions
 and collection
of any related receivable is probable.




attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Fully diluted earnings/loss per share is computed similar to basic earnings/loss per share except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There were no dilutive financial instruments issued or outstanding for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.




Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the bases of certain assets and liabilities
for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified according to the financial
statement classification of the assets and liabilities generating the differences.


tax assets. The Company establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood of realizing the deferred tax asset
and taking into consideration the Company&#146;s financial position and results of operations for the current period. Future realization
of the deferred tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period under the Federal
tax laws.


 such as the Company generating taxable
income
 could cause a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset. Any change in the valuation
allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate.




Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820 &#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#148; (ASC 820) defines fair value
as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC
820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1)&#160;market participant assumptions developed based
on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2)&#160;a reporting entity&#146;s own assumptions about
market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The
fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels
 which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the
fair value hierarchy are described below:


markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities.


within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active;
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates); and inputs that are derived
principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.


to the fair value measurement and unobservable.


the available market information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is required in estimating fair value. Accordingly
the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. As of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and loans from related parties approximated
fair value due to the short-term nature and maturity of these instruments.




of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. At the time of the completion of the offering
 the costs are charged
against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated
 deferred offering costs are charged to operations during the period
in which the offering is terminated.




the registration of equity securities with the SEC
 whether by contractual arrangement as of a certain date or by demand
 to be
unrelated to original issuance transactions. As such
 subsequent registration costs and expenses are reflected in the accompanying
financial statements as general and administrative expenses
 and are expensed as incurred.




year are categorized as either capital leases or operating leases. Assets recorded under capital leases are amortized according
to the methods employed for property and equipment or over the term of the related lease
 if shorter.




principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value per share
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value per share
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

155
733

324
690


Common stock
 shares outstanding

155
733

324
690




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

407

404


        

407)

404)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

793
811


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

206
489
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

026

619


        

026)

619)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        
        


        

300

880
        

180


        

000

000
        

000


        

300

880
        

180


        
        
        
        
        


        

617

136
        

171


        
        

000
        

690


        

656

848
        

505


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

753


        
        
        
        

786


        

656

924
        

890


        

356)

044)
        

710)


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

033


        
        
        
        
        


        

118)

581)
        

677)


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

076
019

324
690
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. For certain enterprises
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
 foreign currency transaction gains (losses) may be disclosed as dealer gains (losses).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 


will have a material effect on our financial statements.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2008
 the Company issued 60
879
366 (post stock split)
shares of common stock to the director of the Company
 for a $300 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


 2009
 the Company issued 20
293
122 (post stock split)
shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 for $100 subscription receivable. Payment was received in 2010.


 2010
 the Company issued 9
131
905 (post stock split)
shares of common stock to the secretary of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share
 at an offering price of $0.02 per share. Payment
of $9
000 was received in April 2010.


 2012
 Mr. Kiper resigned from the board of directors
and as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of the Company and Ms. Abu resigned from the board of directors and as
the Secretary of the Company. On that date
 loans payable to these officers amounted to $8
847. The officers converted these loans
to donated capital.


 2012
 loans from related parties amounted to
$380 and represented working capital advance from a Director who is also a stockholder of the Company. The loan is unsecured
 non-interest
bearing
 and due on demand.


 2012
 the Company expensed
management fees of $3
115 to an officer of the Company.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        

677
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
407
    
11
404

    
    
    
-1
407
    
-11
404

    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        



























16
026



14
619







(16
026



(14
619































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Subsequent
Event


 2013
 Be Active Holdings
 Super
Light
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#147;Merger Agreement&#148;)
with Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 a privately held Delaware corporation (&#147;Be Active&#148;)
 and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
the Company&#146;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#147;Acquisition Sub&#148;). Upon closing of the transaction
contemplated under the Merger Agreement (the &#147;Merger&#148;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
as the surviving corporation
 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


conditions of the Merger Agreement:



    
    
At the closing of the Merger
 an aggregate of 1
000 shares of Be Active&#146;s Class A common stock and 299.6 shares of Be Active&#146;s Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger were converted into securities of the Company such that all issued and outstanding shares of Be Active&#146;s Class A and Class B common stock were converted into the right to receive an aggregate of 29
502
750 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock $0.0001 par value per share. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 holders of Be Active&#146;s Class A and Class B common stock were treated equally as it relates to consideration paid in connection with the Merger.




    
    
Following the closing of the Merger
 the Company sold an aggregate of&#160;3
852
403 units (&#147;Units&#148;) in a private placement (the &#147;Private Placement&#148;). $419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 and included in the foregoing Unit total
 an aggregate of $385
000 of bridge notes of Be Active converted into the Private Placement at per Unit price of $0.19. Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&#146;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
 one share of the Company&#146;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share. As of January 9
 2013
 no investors in the Private Placement elected to purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and the Company determined not to file the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware. In connection with the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &#147;Registration Rights Agreement&#148;) whereby the Company agreed to register the share underlying the units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration Statement
 to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.




    
    
Immediately following the closing of the Merger and the Private Placement
 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 the Company transferred all of its pre-Merger assets and liabilities to its wholly owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#147;SplitCo&#148;). Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of SplitCo to a former officer and director of the Company in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304
397 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock held by such person (the &#147;Split-Off&#148;)
 which left 20
851
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock held by persons who were stockholders of the Company prior to the Merger and which constitute the Company&#146;s &#147;public float&#148; prior to the Merger that will continue to represent the shares of the Company&#146;s common stock eligible for resale without further registration by the holders thereof
 until such time as the applicability of Rule 144 or other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Securities Act&#148;)
 or the effectiveness of a further registration statement under the Securities Act
 permits additional sales of issued shares.




Be Active had any options or warrants to purchase shares of their capital stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of
the Merger. The Company has adopted
 and its stockholders have approved
 an equity incentive plan and reserved 8
550
000 shares
of its common stock for issuance as incentive awards to officers
 directors
 employees and other qualified persons in the future.


    

    


the Merger
 the closing of the Private Placement for $804
999.88 (which includes the exchange of bridge notes in the aggregate
principal amount of $385
000 at a per Unit price of $0.19 into the Private Placement) and the Company&#146;s cancellation of 90
304
397
shares in the Split-Off
 there were issued and outstanding (i) 54
502
750 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock and (ii) warrants
to purchase 3
852
403 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock. Approximately 54.4% of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock are held by the former stockholders of Be Active and approximately 7.1% are held by the investors in the Private Placement.


common stock issued to former holders of Be Active&#146;s common stock in connection with the Merger
 and the shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock and the warrants issued in the Private Placement were not registered under the Securities Act
 in reliance upon the
exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under that section
 which
exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United
States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. Certificates representing these shares
of common stock and warrants contain a legend stating the restrictions applicable to such securities.

Changes Resulting from
the Merger


The Merger and its related transactions were approved by the holders of a requisite number of shares of Be Active&#146;s capital
stock pursuant to written consents dated as of January 9
 2013. Under Delaware law
 Be Active&#146;s stockholders who did not
vote in favor of the Merger may demand in writing
 pursuant to the exercise of their appraisal rights
 that Be Active pay them
the judicially determined fair value of their shares. Determination of fair value is based on many relevant factors that a court
may consider. At January 9
 2013
 no holders of shares of Be Active&#146;s common stock had indicated their intention to seek
appraisal of their shares.&#160;&#160;


The Merger is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. Be Active is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
and the Company is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that will be reflected in
the historical financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of Be Active and will be recorded at the historical cost
basis of Be Active
 and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger will include the assets and liabilities
of the Company and Be Active
 historical operations of Be Active and operations of the Company from the closing date of the Merger.

Tax Treatment; Small
Business Issuer.&#160;&#160;
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;)
 or such other tax free reorganization exemptions that may
be available under the Code.


 the
Company will continue to be a &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K
 as promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Effective March 1
 2013
 Be Active entered into a five year and one month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 with rent at $39
360
 per year
 subject to certain increases as defined.&#160; The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security deposit and the personal guaranty of the officers.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is in the development
stage
 and has limited operations. The Company was incorporated under the name &#147;Super Light Inc.&#148; in the State of Delaware
on December 27
 2007. On December 27
 2012 the Company changed its name from &#147;Super Light Inc.&#148; to &#147;Be Active
Holdings
 Inc.&#148;.


from the accounts of the Company under the accrual basis of accounting.


        
        


 the
Company considers all cash on hand
 cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties
 and all highly liquid debt
instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.


        
        


assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at period-end exchange rates. These translation adjustments
are included in net income. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the entity are included in net income.


        
        

The Company recognizes revenues when
delivery of goods or completion of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement
 acceptance has
been approved by its customers
 the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions
 and collection
of any related receivable is probable.


        
        


attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Fully diluted earnings/loss per share is computed similar to basic earnings/loss per share except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There were no dilutive financial instruments issued or outstanding for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


        
        


Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the bases of certain assets and liabilities
for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified according to the financial
statement classification of the assets and liabilities generating the differences.


tax assets. The Company establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood of realizing the deferred tax asset
and taking into consideration the Company&#146;s financial position and results of operations for the current period. Future realization
of the deferred tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period under the Federal
tax laws.


 such as the Company generating taxable
income
 could cause a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset. Any change in the valuation
allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate.


        
        


Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820 &#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#148; (ASC 820) defines fair value
as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC
820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1)&#160;market participant assumptions developed based
on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2)&#160;a reporting entity&#146;s own assumptions about
market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The
fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels
 which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the
fair value hierarchy are described below:


markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities.


within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active;
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates); and inputs that are derived
principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.


to the fair value measurement and unobservable.


the available market information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is required in estimating fair value. Accordingly
the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange. As of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the carrying value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 and loans from related parties approximated
fair value due to the short-term nature and maturity of these instruments.


        
        


of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. At the time of the completion of the offering
 the costs are charged
against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated
 deferred offering costs are charged to operations during the period
in which the offering is terminated.


        
        


the registration of equity securities with the SEC
 whether by contractual arrangement as of a certain date or by demand
 to be
unrelated to original issuance transactions. As such
 subsequent registration costs and expenses are reflected in the accompanying
financial statements as general and administrative expenses
 and are expensed as incurred.


        
        


year are categorized as either capital leases or operating leases. Assets recorded under capital leases are amortized according
to the methods employed for property and equipment or over the term of the related lease
 if shorter.


        
        


principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.


        
        






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate joint ventures
 noncontrolling interests in real estate ventures
 limited partnerships
 and limited liability companies. The accounting policy may include information such as: (1) initially recording an investment in the stock of an investee at cost; (2) adjusting the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the investor's share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition; and (3) adjustments to reflect the investor's share of changes in the investee's capital (dividends). This disclosure may also include a detailed description of the policy for determining the amount of equity method losses recognized after an investment has been reduced to zero as a result of previous losses
 reasons for not using the equity method when the investor company owns 20 percent or more of the voting stock of the investee's company (including identification of the significant investee)
 reasons for using the equity method when the ownership percentage is less than 20 percent
 and discussion of recognition of equity method losses when an investor's total investment in an investee includes
 in addition to an investment in common stock
 other investments such as preferred stock and loans to the investee. An entity also may describe how such investments are assessed for impairment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

879
366


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

131
905
        

293
122
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

586
244
        
        


Issued shares of common stock through PPO
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Offering price of common stock through PPO
 per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

020
291
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        

020
291
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares of common stock issued to each shareholder
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

168
957
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cancelled shares of common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        

000


        
        
        


        
        

502
750


Common stock
 par value per share
        
        


        

852
403
        


        

999.88
        


        

000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

304
397
        


        

851
336
        


        
        

550
000


        

999.88
        


        

852
403
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 limited and preferred partners.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 limited
 and preferred partners.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 subject to recall).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

118)

581)

677)


        

570

996

566


        

548)

585)

111)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

727

500

227


        

209
        

209


        
        
        

900


        

936

500

336


        

388

085)

225


        

837

922
        


        

225

837

225


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

847
        

847




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was as follows (assuming a 23% effective tax rate):























































































































1
407



11
404







(1
407



(11
404


























The Company had deferred income tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 as follows:






























16
026



14
619







(16
026



(14
619



























The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards.


As of December 31
 2012
 the Company had approximately $69
677 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
 and expire by the year 2032.




The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after they are filed.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    






    
    

Dec. 31


Dec. 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          



























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

879
366


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

131
905

293
122
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        

847

500
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

115
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













