

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001415889-15-001115
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ICE CREAM & FROZEN DESSERTS [2024]
		IRS NUMBER:				680678429
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55185
		FILM NUMBER:		15735074
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST 30TH STREET
 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-736-2310
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST 30TH STREET
 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPER LIGHT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120109
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERLIGHT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120109
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERLIGHT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304









    












Washington
 D.C. 20549




















For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014























Be Active Holdings
 Inc.


























Great Neck
 NY 11021





(Former name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)








Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160; Yes&#160;[_]&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;No [X]






Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;[X]&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;No [_]


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such&#160;files. &#160;&#160;Yes&#160;[X]&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;No [_]


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or amendment to Form 10-K. Yes [X]&#160; &#160;&#160; No [_]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company. &#160;See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221;&#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):








































June 30
 2014
 was $6
544
118


As of March 30
 2015
 there were 426
475
671 shares of common stock outstanding.




















Be Active Holdings
 Inc.

















































































































Market For Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases



























































































































Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance









































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence












































































This Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements
 but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally
 statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements.


Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our Management
 such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently
 forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include
 without limitation
 those specifically addressed under the heading Risks Factors below
 as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our electronic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and any amendments to these reports) are available free of charge on the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s website at http://www.sec.gov. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 including us.


We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report
 which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.



























Be Active Holdings
 Inc. f/k/a Superlight
 Inc. (&#8220;we&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on December 27
 2007.&#160;&#160;On January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 a privately held Delaware corporation (&#8220;Be Active&#8221;)
 and Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 the Company&#8217;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;). Upon closing of the transaction contemplated under the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


Be Active was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 10
 2009.&#160;&#160;Following its inception
 Be Active commenced the manufacturing and sale of its frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of Be Active&#8217;s products has grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states but has been limited as a result of a lack of capital.





We manufacture and sell low fat
 low calorie
 all natural probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and ice cream under the trade name Jala and have trademarked our Jala cow logo. Our frozen yogurt is packaged as low fat sandwiches
 bars and pints
 which are designed to appeal to the health conscious or weight conscious consumer.


Following inception
 we commenced the manufacturing and sale of our frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of our products has grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states but has been limited as a result of a lack of capital. Our products are distributed principally through warehouse distribution and a local distribution company. We manufacture our product under a co-packing agreement with an ice cream manufacturer located in Lakewood
 New Jersey.


We had net sales of ($128
995) in 2014 and $117
333&#160;in 2013. We do not currently have sufficient capital to operate our business
 and
 we will require additional funding in the future to sustain our operations. There is no assurance that we will have revenue in the future or that we will be able to secure the necessary funding to develop our business.




On January 9
 2013
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with Be Active and Acquisition Sub.&#160;&#160;Upon closing of the transaction contemplated under the Merger Agreement
 Be Active Acquisition Corp. merged with and into Be Active
 and Be Active
 as the surviving corporation
 became our wholly-owned subsidiary.





502
750 shares of our common stock. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement



















 we sold an aggregate of&#160;1
826
087 units in a private placement (the &#8220;January Private Placement&#8221;). $419
999.88 of the units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23. Additionally
 an aggregate of $394
612 of the then outstanding 10% convertible promissory notes and accrued interest converted into the Private Placement at a per Unit price of $0.19. Each unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company's common stock
&#160; (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of the purchase of Units




 under the terms of an Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
 we transferred all of our pre-Merger assets and liabilities to our wholly owned subsidiary
 Superlight Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation. Thereafter
 pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 we transferred all of the outstanding capital stock of Superlight Holdings
 Inc. to a former officer and director of the Company in exchange for cancellation of an aggregate of 90
304



 2013
 we entered into subscription agreements with certain accredited investors whereby we sold an aggregate of 28
333
334 units with gross proceeds to us of $850
000 (the &#8220;April Private Placement&#8221;). Each unit was sold for a purchase price of $0.03 per unit and consisted of: (i) one share of our common stock&#160;&#160;(or at the election of the investor who would
 as a result of the purchase of the units
 hold in excess of 5% of our issued and outstanding common stock
 one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 which is convertible into shares of our common stock on a one for one basis) and (ii) a three-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an initial exercise price of $0.05 per share. The sale of units includes the conversion of certain outstanding amounts for unpaid fees and expenses into units at a per unit offering price totaling $62



 the Company was required to issue to the investors in the January Private Placement additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such investor in the January Private Placement who would
 as a result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such investors under the terms of the January Private Placement.&#160;&#160;As a result of the foregoing
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional (a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional 22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share.&#160;&#160;Furthermore
 the exercise price of the warrants issued in the January Private Placement was reduced to a per share exercise price of $0.03.




 management determined that it was in the best interest of its shareholders to issue additional shares of common stock to certain of the original investors of Be Active
 who
 as a result of the Merger
 became shareholders of the Company.&#160;&#160;As a result
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock to certain of the former shareholders of Be Active as a result of the significant dilution such shareholders experienced as a result of the April Private Placement. In consideration for such issuance
 the shareholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&#8217;s reverse merger and various financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc. dated as of January 26
 2011.


















 on April 26
 2013
 the Company designated&#160;four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and issued one share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to each of the Company&#8217;s three members of management
 to wit: Saverio Pugliese
 David Wolfson and Joseph Rienzi.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to such number of votes on all matters submitted to shareholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock held by such holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (taking into account the effective outstanding voting rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number of shares of common stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 on the six month anniversary date of the date of issuance of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 each outstanding share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was to automatically
 and without further action on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock as shall cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company beneficially owned on the conversation date by them
 13.334% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company



 2013
 we amended our previously filed Certificate of Designation of Preferences
 Rights and Limitation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock would automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock as shall cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company beneficially owned on the conversation date by them
 13.334% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company
 from the date six months from the date of issuance of such Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to such date twelve months from the date of issuance of such shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 which on April 22
 2014





 2014
 the shareholders representing a majority of our then outstanding shares of capital stock permitted to vote thereon approved and permitted us to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock
 par value $0.0001
 from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000. On March 12
 2015
 the holders representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from 525
000
000 to 750
000
000


On
 March 2
 2015
 the Board of Directors of the Company designated and authorized 3
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s authorized Preferred Stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series D&#8221;) shall have the number of votes on all matters submitted to the stockholders that is equal to the greater of one hundred votes for each one share of Series D and such number of votes per share of Series D that when added to the votes per shares of all other shares of Series D shall equal 50.1% of the outstanding voting record.&#160;&#160;The Series D are convertible into common stock in an amount equal to one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock for each one share of Series D.&#160;&#160;On March 9
 2015
 the Company granted as compensation 1
000
000 shares of the Series D to each of three officers of the Company to be recorded at the fair value at the date of issuance.


















On February 18
 2014
 we filed a Certificate of Designations of Preferences
 Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock authorizing the issuance of up to 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

Concurrently
 on February 18
 2014 we sold an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of common stock
 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 (the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (the &#8220;February Warrants&#8221;) with gross proceeds to the Company of $1
799
999.99 (the &#8220;February Private Placement5&#8221;) to the February Investors pursuant to a subscription agreement (the &#8220;February Subscription Agreement&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Each Share was sold for a purchase price of $0.03 per Share.&#160;&#160;February Investors
 who would
 as a result of the purchase of shares of common stock
 hold in excess of 5% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 were afforded the opportunity to elect to receive shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Until the earlier of (i) three years from the closing of the February Private Placement or (ii) such time as no February Investor holds any Shares
 Warrants
 or shares of common stock underlying Warrants or underlying the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 in the event we issue or sell common stock or common stock equivalents at a per share price equal to less than $0.03 per share
 as adjusted
 we agreed to issue additional Shares such that the aggregate purchase price paid by such February Investor shall equal such lower price issuance
 subject to certain customary exceptions.

Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible
 at the option of the holder at any time
 into one share of common stock and has a stated value of $0.0001 per share.&#160;&#160;The conversion ratio of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits
 stock dividends
 combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions.

The Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of $0.03 per share
 subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events such as lower priced issuances
 stock splits and dividends.

In connection with the February Private Placement
 we granted the February Investors &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights. Additionally
 February Investors are entitled to a right of participation in future financings conducted by the Company for a period of 24 months.

On December 31
 2014
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with certain accredited investors to sell to the Purchasers an aggregate of up to $500
000 of principal amount of notes due December 31
 2015&#160;&#160;representing the Purchasers&#8217; subscription amount.&#160;&#160;The Agreement defines certain covenants and provides for a purchase price reset for a period of three years
 unless the securities have been assigned
 whereby should the Company issue or sell any shares of common stock or any common stock equivalents at a price less than the Purchasers&#8217; conversion price per share
 the Company will be required to issue additional shares of common stock to the Purchasers for no additional consideration resulting in a share dilution adjustment
 as defined. The Agreement also provides a Most Favored Nations Provision whereby if the Company issues or sells any common stock at terms more favorable within three years
 then the Company will be required to amend the Agreement to provide such favorable terms to the Purchasers. The Company paid $33
000 in legal and escrow agent fees
 a placement agency fee of $20
000 in the form of a note payable
 substantially similar to the Purchasers&#8217; notes and issued 64
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $640
000 and $20
000 as due diligence fees
 all of which have been recorded as debt issue costs on the accompanying consolidated financial statements&#160;&#160;and will be charged to operations as additional interest expense over the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 or the date of conversion
 if earlier

Under the Agreement
 the Company sold an aggregate of $425
000 in Secured Convertible Notes (&#8220;Notes&#8221;) and issued an additional $20
000 Note for placement fees.&#160;&#160;Once the Company has fulfilled its obligations as defined by certain equity requirements
 the Notes will be convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the option of the Company.&#160;&#160;Until the equity obligations are met
 the Notes bear interest at 10%
 per annum.&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest will be earned at a rate of 10% for the twelve months ending December 31
 2015 or to the date of conversion
 whichever is earlier. The conversion price for the Note and interest&#160;is equal to $0.006 per share
 subject to adjustments as stock dividends and stock splits
 as defined.

Each Holder of the Notes has been granted a security interest in assets of the Company in accordance with a Security Agreement.&#160;&#160;The Security Agreement provides the Collateral Agent a security interest in all goods
 machinery
 equipment
 contract rights and intangibles in the event of a default under the Agreement.

In connection with the transaction
 and under its anti-dilution provisions of the February 2014 private placement the Company issued an aggregate of 160
093
335
shares of common stock and 13
333
334 warrants to purchase common shares at $.006 per share to existing shareholders holding securities purchased in that offering.




















We produce high quality
 low fat
 low calorie
 all natural novelty frozen yogurt and ice cream products. Our proprietary frozen yogurt and ice cream are all fat-free and are a result of its proprietary recipe and the quality of the ingredients in the mix. The low fat
 frozen yogurt bars
 our original product
 remains our flagship product comprising approximately 60% of&#160;total gross sales during the year ended December 31
 2014
 or $74
856 and 68% of total sales during the year ended December 31
 2013
 or $111
132.&#160;&#160;&#160;Jala bars provide consumers with beneficial antioxidants and bacteria flora. Each bar contains approximately 10% of the recommended daily allowance for calcium and about one third of the recommended daily allowances of vitamins A
 C and E with only 110 calories. Jala&#160;products are made with naturally fermented yogurt using Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus yogurt cultures with the addition of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus debrueckii bulgaricus bacteria which are clinically shown to promote a healthy digestive system. The frozen yogurt sandwich
 introduced in March 2011
 consists of two low fat chocolate cookies that complement the frozen yogurt. In 2012
 we added a Greek formula to the line and introduced Jala Low Fat Greek Frozen Yogurt in pints. The pints come in seven flavors
 Blueberry
 Strawberry
 Vanilla
 Peanut Butter
 Pomegranate
 Chocolate and Honey Vanilla. The pints are 120 calories per serving and contain 8 grams of protein. The frozen yogurt sandwich contains 2.5 grams of fat per serving. The fat content of the sandwiches is contained in the cookies. Our products are sold under the Jala trade name. Our products had been available in more than 2
000 stores principally throughout the New England
 Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern regions.

We promote brand recognition by packaging our products in a unique and distinctive manner. Each package prominently displays the Jala trade name. The Greek frozen yogurt sandwiches are packaged in clear plastic sealed trays in packages of four. The trays are shrink-wrapped in a clear polywrap for freshness and product protection. Flavor combinations are: vanilla/chocolate and vanilla. In 2015
 we plan on introducing a new flavor to the line of the Greek frozen yogurt sandwiches. The bars contain four individually wrapped bars per box. Bar flavor combinations are vanilla blueberry
 vanilla pomegranate and a fudge bar.





We participate in the ice cream market which is part of a broader frozen dessert market. Our Greek frozen yogurt sandwich and bars are considered novelty ice cream products. Novelty items are separately packaged single servings of a frozen dessert that may or may not contain dairy ingredients. The Food and Drug Administration
 which regulates the standards for many foods
 has set labeling requirements concerning fat content in ice cream and frozen yogurt. Based upon these requirements
 our frozen yogurt sandwich falls within the low fat ice cream category
 while the bar is a reduced fat product. Low fat ice cream contains a maximum of three grams of fat per serving. Reduced fat ice cream contains at least 25% less total fat than the original full fat product (either an average of leading brands
 or the company's own brand).


According to an on-line report (www.idfa.org/news--views/media-kits/ice-cream/ice-cream-sales-and-trends/) from the USDA
 National Agriculture Statistics Service
 over 1.5 billion gallons of ice cream and related frozen desserts were produced in 2011 in the United States. Of that amount
 reduced fat
 light and low-fat products accounted for 20% of the market.





We sell our products principally to supermarkets
 and to a lesser extent to convenience and other foods stores. Distribution is made through warehouse facilities and commissioned food brokers. Through a 2010 agreement
 we have a preferred vendor status with C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers
 pursuant to which we pay a monthly fee (based on gross sales) in exchange for allowing us to leverage off of its warehouses
 inventory control and billing systems and promotional and advertising campaigns over most of the Northeast Region. We market our products principally through in-store advertising and promotions.&#160;&#160;During 2012
 we expanded our distribution to approximately 2
100 new supermarket locations throughout the Eastern region of the United States and in Texas.&#160;&#160;Due to a lack of capital
 we reduced our distribution to only the New York Metropolitan area. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013&#160;sales to one customer accounted for approximately 50% and 62% of our sales
 respectively.&#160;&#160;





We generally enter a new market with three flavors of our bars and two flavors of our frozen yogurt sandwich. Thereafter
 dependent upon the level of sales from the introduced product and available cash for slotting fees
 additional products may be introduced to the existing market. We have experienced strong product demand and loyalty in each geographical market that we have entered. We believe that product demand is generated principally by our unique product packaging and in store promotions. We also believe that our proprietary mix
 which delivers a rich and creamy taste with little fat content
 creates strong customer loyalty.



















 attract new markets through the independent efforts of&#160;our principal officers. In each new market
 we generally will be required to pay slotting fees to the supermarket for shelf space. These fees are common in most segments of the food industry and vary from chain to chain. Supermarket chains generally are reluctant to give up shelf space to new products when existing products are performing.&#160;&#160;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 we paid no slotting fees and during the year ended December 31
 2014
 we paid $173
000 in slotting fees
 which when netted against gross sales
 gave us a negative net sales. Consequently
 our expansion into new markets
 if any
 may be constrained by cash available to pay for slotting fees.&#160;&#160;





Our frozen yogurt sandwiches and bars are manufactured through a co-packing arrangement with Mr. Cookie Face
 Inc.
 of Lakewood
 New Jersey. For quality assurance purposes
 our products are tested by the manufacturer at each production run. We believe that the manufacturer's capacity will meet our projected production requirements for the foreseeable future. Our low fat Greek frozen yogurt pints are manufactured through a co-packing arrangement with Ronny Brook Farms. Our arrangements with both manufacturers are not exclusive
 and we believe that we could use other manufacturers if necessary or advantageous. Under our contract
 we pay the manufacturer a fixed fee per case for manufacturing and packing the product. We may cancel the agreement on 30 days&#8217; notice at any time. We purchase some of our raw materials and packaging supplies from single sources; however
 we believe that alternate supply sources are available throughout the country at competitive prices. We have not experienced shortages in the procurement of raw materials or packaging.


During years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we did not expend any amounts on research and development costs.





We are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Our manufacturer must comply with federal and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality
 waste management and other related land use matters. The FDA also regulates finished products by requiring disclosure of ingredients and nutritional information. The FDA can audit us or our manufacturer to determine the accuracy of our disclosure. State laws may also impose additional health and cleanliness regulations on our manufacturers.








Our business is highly competitive. Our products compete on the basis of brand image
 quality
 and breadth of flavor selection
 price
 and amount of fat content. Most frozen yogurt and ice cream manufacturers
 including full line dairies
 the major grocery chains and the other independent ice cream processors
 are capable of manufacturing and marketing high quality
 low fat or reduced fat frozen yogurt and ice creams. Furthermore
 there are relatively few barriers to new entrants in the frozen yogurt and ice cream business. Existing competition includes low fat or reduced fat novelty products offered by Ben and Jerry&#8217;s
 Ciao Bella
 Yasso
 Stonyfield
 as well as private label brands produced by or for the major supermarket chains. In addition
 we also compete with frozen desserts such as frozen yogurt and sorbet manufactured by Dannon
 Healthy Choice and others. Many of these competitive products are manufactured by large national or international food companies
 with significantly greater resources than us. We expect strong competition to continue in the form of price
 competition for adequate distribution and limited shelf space. However
 despite these factors
 we believe that the taste and quality of our products and our unique product packaging will enable us to effectively compete in this market.



















We are engaged in a business that could expose us to possible claims for personal injury resulting from contamination of our frozen yogurt and ice cream. While we believe that through regular product testing the quality of our products are carefully monitored
 we may be subject to liability due to customer or distributor misuse or storage. We maintain product liability insurance against certain types of claims in amounts which we believe to be adequate. We also maintain an umbrella insurance policy that we believe to be adequate to cover claims made above the limits of our product liability insurance. Although no claims have been made against us or our distributors to date and we believe our current level of insurance to be adequate for our present business operations
 there can be no assurances that such claims will not arise in the future or that our policies will be sufficient to pay for such claims.




We own the registered trade name Jala and the trademark&#160;Jala cow. In addition
 we rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary mix formulation.





As of March 26
 2015
 we have 3 full-time employees
 who are our Executive Officers. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements with its employees and believes its relations with its employees are good.








Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below with all of the other information included in this report before making an investment decision. If any of the possible adverse events described below actually occurs
 our business
 results of operations or financial condition would likely suffer. In such an event
 the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment.







Be Active was formed in March 2009. Our operating history consists of starting our brands
 marketing and distribution of our products. We have only shown a loss of money from operations because of the expenses we have incurred in manufacturing
 selling and maintaining the administration of Be Active. There is a strong possibility that we will not be able to sell enough of our products to cover or exceed our expenses.


Since we have a limited operating history
 it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business.


Our limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business or prospective operations. Since our formation
 we have not generated enough revenues to exceed our expenses.&#160;&#160;As an early stage company
 we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization
 financing
 expenditures
 complications and delays inherent in a new business. Investors should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. Our business is dependent upon the implementation of our business plan. We may not be successful in implementing such plan and cannot guarantee that
 if implement
 we will ultimately be able to attain profitability.




















We do not currently have enough cash flow to operate our business. &#160;We will therefore need additional capital (i) to pay slotting fees for supermarket shelf space
 (ii) to purchase ingredients and packaging supplies for our co-packers
 (iii) to pay co-packers for their services
 (iv) to cover general and administrative overhead and (v) to repay outstanding debt and pay interest charges on outstanding debt. &#160;Therefore we will be dependent upon additional capital in the form of either debt or equity to continue our operations and expand our products to new markets. &#160;At the present time
 we do not have arrangements to raise all of the needed additional capital
 and we will need to identify potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. &#160;We may not be able to arrange enough investment within the time the investment is required or that if it is arranged
 that it will be on favorable terms. &#160;If we cannot get the needed capital
 we may not be able to become profitable and may have to curtail or cease our operations.





We believe our success depends heavily on the continued active participation of our current executive officers. &#160;If we were to lose the services of our executive officers
 the loss could have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of operations. &#160;In addition
 to achieve our plans for future growth we will need to recruit
 hire
 train and retain other highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. &#160;Competition for qualified employees is intense
 and if we cannot attract
 retain and motivate these additional employees their absence could have a materially adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.





Our business is very competitive. &#160;Large national or international food companies
 with significantly greater resources than we have
 manufacture competing products. &#160;We expect to continue experiencing strong competition from these larger companies in the form of price
 competition for adequate distribution and limited shelf space.


In addition
 these larger competitors may be able to develop and commercialize new products to compete directly against our products
 which may render our products obsolete. &#160;If we cannot successfully compete
 our marketing and sales will suffer and we may not ever be profitable.





We sell our products only in a limited number of stores and the products are therefore relatively unknown. &#160;Initial sales have been strong in stores where we currently have our products
 but our products may not be accepted in other markets we will try to reach.





Our intellectual property consists of a proprietary recipe and manufacturing process. &#160;Together
 these two elements give us the ability to manufacture foods traditionally high in fat and added sugar without fat or added sugar. &#160;We decided not to seek a patent for this recipe and process
 and the time for us to be able to seek patent protection for our process and recipe has passed. &#160;We believe that by treating the recipe and manufacturing process as a trade secret
 we will have greater protection than a patent would give us
 because a patent would become public knowledge. &#160;As a result
 the only legal protection for our intellectual property is protection as a trade secret and our trademarks for our &#8220;Jala&#8221; brand. &#160;If our competitors were to learn our trade secrets
 or develop their own methods of manufacturing competitive products
 we might not be able to become profitable.




















Our business could expose us to claims for personal injury from contamination of our products. &#160;We believe that the quality of our products is carefully monitored through regular product testing
 but we may be subject to liability as a result of customer or distributor misuse or storage. &#160;The Company maintains product liability insurance against certain types of claims in amounts which it believes to be adequate. The Company also maintains an umbrella insurance policy that it believes to be adequate to cover claims made above the limits of its product liability insurance. Although no claims have been made against the Company or its distributors to date and the Company believes its current level of insurance to be adequate for its present business operations
 it is possible that such claims will arise in the future and it is possible that the Company's policies will not be sufficient to pay for such claims.





Our industry is highly regulated by the Federal government
 as well as by State and local governments. &#160;We are subject to regulation at the federal level by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U. S. Department of Agriculture. Manufacturers of our products must also comply with all federal and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality
 waste management and other related land use matters. &#160;The FDA also regulates finished products by requiring disclosure of ingredients and nutritional information.


State and local laws may impose additional health and cleanliness regulations on our manufacturers. &#160;We believe that presently the cost of complying with all of the applicable Federal
 State and local governmental laws and regulations are not material to our business. &#160;However
 to the extent that complying with all of the applicable laws and regulations becomes more burdensome
 compliance requirements may adversely affect our profitability by increasing our cost of doing business.

We must rely on a number of smaller ice cream distributors
 rather than large distributors to distribute our products.


We do not presently have any independent capability to distribute our own product
 and we do not believe it is feasible to develop our own distribution business. &#160;Consolidation within the ice cream industry has made it more difficult to distribute ice cream products not affiliated with large ice cream distributors. &#160; In addition
 in some markets the largest ice cream companies control substantially all of the ice cream distribution to supermarkets. &#160;Therefore
 we must work with a number of independent ice cream distributors
 rather than a few large distributors
 to distribute our products
 both regionally and nationally. &#160;Our need to rely upon smaller distributors limits our ability to distribute our products and/or makes that distribution more costly.


One customer has accounted for a substantial portion of our sales
 increasing both our&#160;dependence&#160;on a few revenue sources and the&#160;risk&#160;that our operations will suffer materially if a significant&#160;customer&#160;stops ordering from us or substantially reduces its business with us.


Sales to one customer of the Company accounted for approximately 50% for the year ended December 31
 2014 and represented 41% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
 2014.&#160;&#160;Sales to one customer of the Company accounted for approximately 62% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2013 and represented 100% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
 2013.&#160;&#160;While our financial performance benefited from substantial sales to one customer
 because of the magnitude of sales to this customer
 our results would suffer if we were to lose its business. Additionally
 if this customer
 or other significant customers
 made substantial reductions in orders or stopped paying their invoices when due
 our results of operations would suffer unless we were able to replace the orders or collect on the payments due.


























Our ability to increase sales
 and to profitably distribute and sell our products
 is subject to a number of risks
 including changes in our business relationships with our principal distributors
 competitive risks such as the entrance of additional competitors into our markets
 pricing and technological competition
 risks associated with the development and marketing of new products in order to remain competitive and risks associated with changing economic conditions and government regulation.





We expect that we may experience a period of rapid and substantial growth that may place a strain on our administrative infrastructure. As our business needs expand
 we intend to hire additional employees. This expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial and financial resources. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel
 we will be required to:









improve existing
 and implement new
 operational
 financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures;























train
 motivate and manage our employees.




We may not be able to install adequate management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner
 and our current or planned personnel
 systems
 procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to manage growth effectively
 our business would be seriously harmed.








We have reserved for issuance options to purchase up to an aggregate of 8
550
000 shares of common stock under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;As of March 6
 2015
 we also have warrants to purchase 43
550
590 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.&#160;&#160;In addition we also have issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 which are convertible into an aggregate of 11
666
921 shares of common stock
 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 which
 using the number of shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014
 will be convertible into approximately 216
670
744 shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment based on future issuances of common stock prior to that date and shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 which are convertible into an aggregate of 20
000
000 shares of common stock.&#160;&#160;In addition
 we have Secured Convertible Notes in the amount of $445
000 which is convertible into 74
166
666 shares of common stock. In the future
 we may grant additional stock options or issue additional warrants or other convertible securities. The exercise or conversion of stock options
 warrants or convertible securities will dilute the percentage ownership of our other stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert them when we would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than these securities.
















As a result of the Merger
 Be Active became a subsidiary of ours and since we are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 this can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing its ability to grow.


As a result of the Merger
 Be Active became a subsidiary of ours and
 accordingly
 is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;). The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if Be Active had remained privately held and did not consummate the Merger.


The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company
 we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2014 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company
 we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.


If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.


Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result
 our small size and any future internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operation and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical un-discovered failures of internal controls exist
 and may in the future discover areas of our internal control that need improvement. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting were not effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as of the year ended December 31
 2014.&#160;&#160;See Item 9A.

We have a going concern opinion from our auditors
 If we cannot continue as a viable entity
 our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.


We have incurred net losses of $12
618
567
 for the year ended December 31
 2014. We anticipate generating losses for the next 12 months. We have generated only $74
856 in gross sales for the year ended December 31
 2014. Accordingly
 we may be unable to continue operations in the future as a going concern. No adjustment has been made in the accompanying financial statements to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities which could result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity
 our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in us.

















In addition
 our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their report on the accompanying financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result
 we may not be able to obtain additional necessary funding. We may not ever achieve any revenues or profitability. The revenue and income potential of our business and operations are unproven
 and the lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the future prospects of our business.





The stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:






























































































































































In addition
 the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.


We are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 this can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing its ability to grow.


We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
 as amended
 and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.&#160;&#160;The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have been if&#160;we had remained privately held.




















We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings
 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates.





A limited liquid trading market for our common stock developed only recently. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become. We received approval from FINRA for our stock to be listed on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the &#8220;OTCBB&#8221;) on January 9
 2013 and our common stock is currently traded on the OTCBB. Our ticker symbol is &#8220;JALA&#8221;. There is currently a limited trading market in our securities.&#160;If
 for any reason
 however
 our securities become ineligible for continued quotation on the OTCBB or a public trading market does not continue to develop
 purchasers of the common stock may have difficulty selling their securities should they desire to do so and purchasers of our common stock may lose their entire investment if they are unable to sell our securities. Should we fail to satisfy the standards of the OTCBB and our common stock is suspended from quotation on the OTCBB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies whose securities are traded in the OTC Bulletin Board
 it is more difficult (1) to obtain accurate quotations
 (2) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
 and (3) to obtain needed capital.


Our common stock is currently deemed a &#8220;penny stock
&#8221; which makes it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares.


Our common stock is subject to the &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock is not listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than $5.00 per share
 other than companies that have had average revenue of at least $6
000
000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least $5
000
000 ($2
000
000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require
 among other things
 that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than &#8220;established customers&#8221; complete certain documentation
 make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security
 including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and
 as a result
 the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period
 it could have an adverse effect on the market
 if any
 for our securities. If our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities.




If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period
 under Rule 144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or conversion of outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an &#8220;overhang&#8221; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.



















We expect to utilize various techniques such as non-deal road shows and investor relations campaigns in order to create investor awareness for our company. These campaigns may include personal
 video and telephone conferences with investors and prospective investors in which our business practices are described. We may provide compensation to investor relations firms and pay for newsletters
 websites
 mailings and email campaigns that are produced by third-parties based upon publicly-available information concerning us. We will not be responsible for the content of analyst reports and other writings and communications by investor relations firms not authored by us or from publicly available information. We do not intend to review or approve the content of such analysts&#8217; reports or other materials based upon analysts&#8217; own research or methods. Investor relations firms should generally disclose when they are compensated for their efforts
 but whether such disclosure is made or complete is not under our control. Our investors may be willing
 from time to time
 to encourage investor awareness through similar activities. Investor awareness activities may also be suspended or discontinued which may impact the trading market of our common stock.


As a result of their existing ownership as well as the issuance of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 our executive&#160;officers and directors own a substantial interest in our voting capital and investors may have limited voice in our management.


As a result of the issuance of shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to our executive officers and directors
 in addition to their existing holdings
 our management in the aggregate beneficially owns approximately 40% of our voting capital
 including shares of common stock issuable upon exercise or conversion within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report.&#160;Additionally
 the holdings of our officers and directors may increase&#160;in the future upon vesting or other maturation of exercise rights under any of the convertible securities they may hold or in the future be granted or if they otherwise acquire additional shares of our common stock.


As a result of their ownership and positions
 our executive officers and directors collectively may be able to influence all matters requiring shareholder approval
 including the following matters:


























effecting or preventing a merger
 sale of assets or other corporate transaction.





In addition
 their stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company
 which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our stock price.




The Company's executive offices are located at 1010 Northern Blvd
 Great Neck
 NY 11021. The Company entered into a five year and one month lease effective February 17
 2013 at an annual rent of approximately $40
740.





On May 2
 2014
 an action was commenced against the Company and two of its officers in the Supreme Court of the State of New York
 County of Nassau.&#160;&#160;The action relates to restricted shares of the Company acquired by the plaintiff which the plaintiff allegedly sought to sell.&#160;&#160;The complaint asserts claims under various theories
 including conversion
 breach of contract
 breach of fiduciary duty
 fraudulent misrepresentation and unjust enrichment
 and seeks damages in excess of five million dollars.


The Company filed its Motion to Dismiss on or about June 30
 2014
 plaintiff filed its opposition to the Company&#8217;s motion on or about July 29
 2014.&#160;&#160;On September 2
 2014 the Motion to Dismiss was denied.&#160;&#160;On October 6
 2014
 the Company submitted a verified Answer to the Complaint. On February 25
 2015
 the Company attended a mediation session
 the outcome of which has not been decided.&#160; Management believes that any settlement from the above action will be covered by the Company's director's and officer's insurance policy. 























n Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.





Effective January 9
 2013
 our common stock was approved for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board.&#160;&#160;Since February 4
 2013 our ticket symbol has been JALA and currently trades on the OTCBB.&#160;&#160;There is no established public trading market for our securities with only periodic sporadic activity since February 4
 2013. There can be no assurance that a regular trading market will develop or if developed
 may not be sustained. The following table sets forth
 for the calendar periods indicated the range of the high and low last reported of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board.&#160; The quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail mark-ups
 mark-downs or commissions
 and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.&#160; The quotations may be rounded for presentation.




















October 1 to December 31
 2014



















July 1 to September 30
 2014



















April 1
 2014 to June 30
 2014



















January 1
 2014 to&#160;March 31
 2014
























As of&#160;March 30
 2015
 we had approximately 62 shareholders of record of our common stock.











The registrar and transfer agent for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer located at 110 Green Street
 Suite 403
 New York
 New York 10012. Their telephone number is 917-746-4597.





On January 9
 2013
 we adopted the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and reserved 8
550
000 shares for issuance thereunder. As of December 31
 2014
 no awards were made under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.





All sales of unregistered securities of the Company during the year ended December 31
 2014 have been previously reported in its current report on Form 8-K or quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
























This report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include
 without limitation
 statements containing the words &#8220;believes
&#8221;&#8220;anticipates
&#8221;&#8220;expects
&#8221;&#8220;intends
&#8221;&#8220;projects
&#8221;&#8220;will
&#8221; and other words of similar import or the negative of those terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include
 but are not limited to
 expectations of future levels of research and development spending
 general and administrative spending
 levels of capital expenditures and operating results
 sufficiency of our capital resources
 our intention to pursue and consummate strategic opportunities available to us
 including sales of certain of our assets. Forward-looking statements subject to certain known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.&#160;&#160;These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to those described in &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of the reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.








Be Active was incorporated on March 10
 2009 under the laws of the State of Delaware. We manufacture and sell low fat
 low calorie
 all natural probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and ice cream under the trade name Jala and we trademarked our Jala cow logo. Our frozen yogurt is packaged as low fat sandwiches
 bars and pints
 which are designed to appeal to the health conscious or weight conscious consumer.


Following inception
 we commenced the manufacturing and sale of our frozen yogurt and ice cream products in the New York metropolitan area during 2009. Distribution of our products had grown from a limited number of outlets in the New York metro area to over 10 supermarket chains and other retail outlets located in 10 states but has been limited as a result of a lack of capital. Our products are distributed principally through warehouse distribution and a local distribution company. We manufacture our product under a co-packing arrangement with an ice cream manufacturer located in Lakewood
 New Jersey.



















The Year ended December 31
 2014 compared to the Year ended December 31
 2013


The following table presents the results of operations of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to the year ended December 31
 2013.








December 31





























(128
995



117
333







28
820



278
122







(157
815



(160
789





























193
848



111
779







1
437
225



1
081
928







2
166
707



1
921
761







8
755
391



657
701









462
495







4
317











12
557
518



4
236
624

















(12
715
333



(4
397
413





























247
021









(149
963







Interest expense
 net















96
766





















(12
618
567



(4
398
346







































211
630
013



77
483
225







Gross Sales were $74
856 and $164
552 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 respectively. Reconciling items that included sales discounts
 returns and allowances
 trade spending
 and slotting fees totaled $203
851 and $47
219 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 respectively. Gross sales as of December 31
 2014 decreased $89
696 or 55% as compared to 2013.&#160;&#160;This decrease is primarily attributable to the lack of capital necessary for marketing and production.





Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31
 2014 decreased to $28
820 from $278
122 for the year ended December 31
 2013
 a decrease of $249
302 or 90%. The decrease is primarily attributable to the reduced sales and purchases related to the deficiency in working capital.



















Gross loss for the year ended December 31
 2014 was a loss of $157
815
 as compared to a loss of $160
789 for the year ended December 31
 2013
 a decrease of $2
974. The negative gross loss was related to the decrease in sales and the $151
023 write-off of product which passed its sale-by date in 2013 and to the slotting fees of $173
000 in 2014.





Operating expenses
 consisting of selling
 general and administrative expenses
 and depreciation and amortization expense
 for the year ended December 31
 2014 increased to $12
557
518 from $4
236
624 for the year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase of $8
320
894 or 200%. The increase is primarily attributable to the increase of $244
946 in stock-based compensation related to the Convertible Series B Preferred Stock and an increase in the fair value of the derivative liability resulting from the reset feature of the Company&#8217;s convertible warrants and the conversion feature of the convertible debt of $8
097
690
 in addition to increases in selling expenses of $82
069 and general and administrative expenses of $355
327.


Selling expenses consist primarily of advertising
 promotion and marketing fees. Selling expenses for the year ended December 31
 2014 increased to $193
848 from $111
779 for the year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase of $82
069 or 73%.&#160;&#160;The increase is primarily due to increases in advertising of $25
717 and marketing of $70
207.


General and administrative expenses consist primarily of office
 utilities
 computer
 internet
 travel
 insurance expenses.&#160;&#160;General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2014 increased to $1
437
255 from $1
081
928 for the year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase of $355
327 or 33%. The increase is primarily attributable to increases in professional services of $77
055 and officers&#8217; salaries of $250
235.





Other income was $96
766 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 as compared to expense of $933&#160;for the year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase in other income of $95
833 as a result of the forgiveness of debt in 2014 and loss on issuance of convertible debt.





Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2014 increased to $12
618
567 from $4
398
346 for year ended December 31
 2013
 an increase in loss of $8
220
221 or 187%. This increase is due primarily resulting an increase in the fair value of the derivative liability resulting from the reset feature of the Company&#8217;s convertible warrants and the conversion feature of the convertible debt of $8
097
690 and the increase in stock based compensation resulting from the Series B Preferred Stock of $244
946.





Basic loss per share for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted loss per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as outstanding options and warrants
 using various methods such as the treasury stock or modified treasury stock method in the determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each period. Fully diluted EPS is not provided when the effect is anti-dilutive. When the effect of dilution on loss per share is anti-dilutive
 diluted loss per share equals the loss per share.




Total current assets at December 31
 2014 were $1
392
728 current liabilities were $1
170
289 and we had positive working capital of $222
439.&#160;&#160;Significant losses from operations have been incurred since inception and there is an accumulated deficit of $19
522
885 as of December 31
we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed
 we may be required to delay
 limit
 reduce or terminate our business plans.



















We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
 including unrecorded derivative instruments that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources. We have certain warrants and options outstanding but we do not expect to receive sufficient proceeds from the exercise of these instruments unless and until the trading price of our common stock is significantly greater than the applicable exercise prices of the options and warrants and mainly following any necessary registering of underlying securities.
























At the end of the period covered by this report
 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are: (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms
 and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our President and Chief Financial Officer
 or officers performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.



Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management has employed a framework consistent with Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c)
 to evaluate internal control over financial reporting described below. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
















Management
 including our principal executive officer Mr. Pugliese
 who is also our principal financial officer
 and Mr. Wolfson
 who is our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of and for the year ended December 31
 2014.&#160;&#160;In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. As a result of this assessment
 Mr. Pugliese and Mr. Wolfson concluded that
 as of and for the year ended December 31
 2014
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as of the year ended December 31
 2014.


There is a lack of proper segregation of functions
 duties and responsibilities with respect to our cash and control over the related disbursements due to our limited staff and accounting personnel.&#160;&#160;Management is aware that there is a lack of segregation of duties due to the small number of employees dealing with administrative and financial matters.&#160;&#160;Since an officer of the Company is a partner with an accounting firm which provides support services to the Company
 in the future
 management intends to continue to utilize additional staff of the accounting firm to handle certain administrative financial duties.


There is a lack of effective controls over financial statement disclosure.&#160;&#160;Specifically
 controls were not designed and in place to ensure that all disclosures required were originally addressed in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;Management is working to ensure that all permanent file documents are maintained in a working file which becomes an essential component of the financial closing process.


There is a lack of controls over the control environment in that the Board of Directors is comprised of three members who are officers of the Company.&#160;&#160;As of yet
 there are no independent members
 no formal audit committee and no compensation committee.&#160;&#160;As the Company matures
 management will expand the Board of Directors accordingly.











There were no changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.
























tors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance





The following persons are our executive officers and directors as of March 30
 2015 and hold the positions set forth opposite their respective names.



























































Mr. Pugliese
 age 49
 our President and Director since January 9
 2013
 was the co-founder of and served as President of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. From July 2004 to March 2009
 Mr. Pugliese was a consultant to various companies in the ice cream industry and invested in an ice cream distribution company. From January 27
 1994 to July 2004
 Mr. Pugliese was co-founder of and served as President of Silhouette Brands
 Inc.
 a company specializing in manufacturing and selling fat free
 novelty ice cream under the trade name Silhouette with the Skinny Cow logo. As a result of his experiences
 Mr. Pugliese brings to the Company extensive experiences in the frozen ice cream business
 along with strong sales and marketing skills. While earning an Associate&#8217;s Degree in business from Nassau Community College in 1986
 he founded SD Brands
 Inc.
 and began manufacturing and marketing &#8220;Slender Delight Non Fat Ice Cream&#8221;
 a soft serve ice cream mix.





Mr. Wolfson
 age 53
 our Chief Financial Officer and Director since January 9
 2013
 served as Chief Financial Officer of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. From July 2004 through the October 2014
 Mr. Wolfson
 while partnering with Mr. Wexler and Mr. Pugliese
&#160;was the co-administrative partner&#160;the New York offices of his CPA firm
 Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP . Mr. Wolfson served as the in-house accountant of Silhouette Brands Inc. from 1996 to July 2004. After earning a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting at S.U.N.Y Binghamton in 1983
 Mr. Wolfson was employed by a local CPA firm. He attained his CPA license in 1990. Mr. Wolfson was chosen to be a director of the Company based on his knowledge and familiarity with Be Active Brands since its inception.





Mr. Rienzi
 age 44
 our Secretary and Director since January 9
 2013
 served as Vice President and Secretary of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009. Prior to Be Active
 through the present time
 Mr. Rienzi has served as Executive Vice President of Rienzi &amp; Sons
 Inc.
 a company specializing in importing
 farming
 production and distribution of Italian foods worldwide. As a result of his experiences
 Mr. Rienzi brings to the Company extensive experiences in the supermarket business
 along with strong sales
 marketing and promotional skills. Mr. Rienzi&#8217;s received his higher education at St. John&#8217;s University
 graduating with an M.B.A. in Executive Management as well as Executive Programs from Harvard
 M.I.T. and Universita di L&#8217;Aquila in Italy.


Our directors hold office until the earlier of their death
 resignation or removal or until their successors have been qualified.























Except as set forth in the director and officer biographies above
 to the Company&#8217;s knowledge
 during the past ten (10) years
 none of the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers
 promoters
 control persons
 or nominees has been:























subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or






found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law.











During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 all executive officer compensation was determined by our board of directors.





Our Board of Directors held 16 telephonic meetings during the year ended December 31
 2014


We currently do not maintain any committees of the Board of Directors. Given our size and the development of our business to date
 we believe that the board through its meetings can perform all of the duties and responsibilities which might be contemplated by a committee.&#160;&#160;Except as may be provided in our bylaws
 we do not currently have specified procedures in place pursuant to which whereby security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors.





The Board of Directors does not have a policy on whether or not the roles of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman should be separate.&#160; Instead
 the Company&#8217;s By-Laws provide that the same person may hold two or more offices.&#160; Accordingly
 the Board reserves the right to vest the responsibilities of the&#160;Chief Executive&#160;Officer and&#160;Chairman&#160;in the&#160;same&#160;person or in two different individuals depending on what it believes is in the best interest of the Company.&#160;&#160; The Board has determined that the consolidation of these roles is appropriate because it allows Chairman to bring a wider perspective to the deliberations of the Board of Directors on matters of corporate strategy and policy.&#160; The Board believes that there is no single Board of Directors leadership structure that would be most effective in all circumstances and therefore retains the authority to modify this structure to best address the Company&#8217;s and the Board of Directors&#8217; then current circumstances as and when appropriate.


Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes.&#160;&#160;The Board of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management
 auditors
 legal counsel
 and others
 as considered appropriate regarding our company&#8217;s assessment of risks. The Board of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company&#8217;s general risk management strategy
 and also ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the Board&#8217;s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees the Company
 the Company&#8217;s management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Although all members of the Board of Directors also hold management positions
 the recognition by each member of their dual roles addresses the risks facing our company and our Board believed the leadership structure is effective.




















While we do not have a formal policy on diversity
 our Board considers diversity to include the skill set
 background
 reputation
 type and length of business experience of our Board members as well as a particular nominee&#8217;s contributions to that mix.&#160;&#160;Although there are many other factors
 the Board seeks individuals with experience on public company boards as well as experience with advertising
 marketing
 legal and accounting skills.





Our risk management function is overseen by our Board.&#160;&#160;Our management keeps our Board apprised of material risks and provides our directors access to all information necessary for them to understand and evaluate how these risks interrelate
 how they affect the Company
 and how management addresses those risks.&#160;&#160;Our President works closely with the Board once material risks are identified on how to best address such risk.&#160;&#160;If the identified risk poses an actual or potential conflict with management
 our independent directors may conduct the assessment. The Board focuses on these key risks and interfaces with management on seeking solutions.




We currently have three directors serving on our board of directors.&#160;&#160; We are not a listed issuer and
 as such
 are not subject to any director independence standards.&#160;&#160;Using the definition of independence set forth in the rules of the NYSE MKT
 none of our directors would be considered independent.


































The table below sets forth
 for the last two fiscal years
 the compensation earned by our chief executive officer and chief financial officer.&#160;&#160;No other executive officer had annual compensation in excess of $100
000 during the last two fiscal years:




























































Marc Wexler
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman



34
600





















34
600







150
000

























150
000



Sam Pugliese
 President and Director






151
731







49
500



















201
231





150
000



























150
000



David Wolfson
 Chief Financial Officer and Director






33
577







63
216



















96
793












































137
134



65
000



49
500



















251
634





135
000



























135
000












Resigned from his positions as of March 22
 2013.







President and Director of Be Active since March 10
 2009. Appointed President and Director of the Company on January 9
 2013.







Chief Financial Officer and Director of Be Active since March 10
 2009. Appointed Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company on January 9
 2013. Compensation does not include payments by Be Active to Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP 
 a public accounting firm that provided consulting (non-auditing) services to Be Active. Mr. Wolfson was a partner of Schulman Lobel Wolfson Zand Abruzzo Katzen &amp; Blackman LLP through October 2014.







Secretary and Director. Vice President and Secretary of Be Active Brands
 Inc. since its inception on March 10
 2009.






















Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its then chief executive officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement included other benefits and grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 resigned from all positions he held with the Company and was serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 a year
 plus the other provisions as provided in the original employment contract. In May 2013
 the prior executive officer agreed to reduce the annual fee to $90
000 until the Company has sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
000 per year. Through December 31
 2013
 the Company paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former officer agreed to end his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31
 2013 and paid in cash in February 2014.


Effective January 9
 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief financial officer for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and includes other Company benefits.&#160;&#160;The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 6
385
528 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued January 9
2015. Total compensation for these shares is $63
216 based on the traded price of the Company's common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#8217;s employment agreements consist of $66
666 paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through October 2014 and $33
577 in compensation paid directly to the Officer for the period October 1
2014 through December 31
 2014 and $80
140 paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through December 31
 2013.


Effective January 9
 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its President for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and includes other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value.&#160;&#160;These shares were issued on January 9
 2015.&#160;&#160;Total compensation for these shares is $49
500 based on the traded price of the Company's common stock on that date.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#8217;s employment agreements for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $151
731and $150
000
 respectively.

Effective January 9
 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and includes other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. These shares were issued on January 9
 2015&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. Total compensation for these shares is $49
500 based on the traded price of the Company's common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#8217;s employment agreements for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $137
134 and $135
000
 respectively. In addition
 the Officer of the Company was instrumental in securing a marketing and a sales representative agreement and received a bonus of $65
000 for these services in June 2014.

Since the Company currently does not have a Compensation Committee
 the current Board of Directors
 exclusive of the executive for which the criteria was adopted
 unanimously set forth certain financial and strategic milestone that
 if achieved
 would give rise to the executive&#8217;s bonus eligibility.






















There were no outstanding equity awards issued to our named executive officers as of December 31
 2014.











The following tables set forth certain information as of March 30
&#160;2015 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table below; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
 each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person&#8217;s address is c/o Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 1010 Northern Blvd.
 Great Neck
 NY 11021.&#160;&#160;Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants
 conversion rights or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March&#160;30
&#160;2015
 are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding such options
 warrants or other rights
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder.




































16
006
221






1
000
000













6
839
556






1
000
000













16
006
223






1
000
000


































38
852
000






3
000
000









































&#160; 65
212
892





























&#160; 34
557
773

































&#160; 38
918
919

































&#160; 23
843
189








































Based on 426
475
671 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 30
 2015.































Based on 3
000
000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding as of March 30
 2015.















Konrad Ackerman
 as Director of Alpha Capital Anstalt has the voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this beneficial owner.







Shaye Hirsch
 as Director of Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. has the voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this beneficial owner.







John Stetson
 as Manager of HS Contrarian Investments
 LLC has the voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this beneficial owner.







Consists of 19
285
050 shares of common stock
 30
930
588 warrants to purchase shares common stock and 11
663
921 shares of Convertible Preferred Series A Stock and 3
333
333 shares of Convertible Preferred Series C Stock







Consists of 10
046
822 shares of common stock 3
922
142 warrants to purchase shares of common stock and 3
922
142 shares of Convertible Preferred Series A Stock and 16
666
667 shares of Convertible Preferred Series C Stock.







Consists of 38
918
919 shares of common stock.




23
843
189 shares of common stock.


















lated Transaction
 and Director Independence


Except as set forth below
&#160;during our last completed fiscal year
 there have been no transactions
 whether directly or indirectly
 between the Company and any of its officers
 directors or their family members.





On January 9
 2008
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of its common stock to Mr. Zeev Joseph Kiper
 our then President
 Treasurer and Director
 for cash payment of $300.


On July 20
 2009
 we issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock to Ms. Hana Abu
 our then Secretary and Director
 for cash payment of $100.


On April 12
 2010
 we issued 450
000 shares of its common stock to Ms. Hana Abu
 our then Secretary and Director
 for cash payment of $9.000.


Three notes payable
 dated 12/31/10
 12/31/10 and 12/31/09
 in the amounts of $161
021
 $161
021 and $25
555 were issued to two officers
 Mr. Wexler and Mr. Pugliese and one former officer
 Mr. Haramis of Be Active. In November 2012
 Messrs. Wexler and Pugliese advanced $200
000 to Be Active.

An officer and Director of the Company was a partner of a public accounting firm providing non-audit accounting services to the Company through October 30
 2014.&#160;&#160;Subsequent to October 2014
 all non-audit accounting services were performed by the officer/director of the Company in conjunction with an independent consultant. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
the Company incurred fees of $66
666 and $80
140 respectively
 to the accounting firm for accounting and tax services.


The Company subleases a portion of its office space to an entity owned by a Company officer.&#160;&#160;Rents received totaled approximately $15
000 and&#160;were recorded as an offset to rent expense for the year ended December 31
 2014.





The following table sets forth fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the years ended 2014 and 2013 for (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements
 (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees
 and (iii) services rendered in connection with compliance
 advice and assistance.



























35
000







35
000

























22
500






22
500










7
500






7
500






















65
000







65
000






















its
 Financial Statement Schedules
















Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of January 9
 2013
 by and among Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 Be Active Brands
 Inc. and Be Active Acquisition Corp.






Certificate of Merger
 dated January 9
 2013 merging Be Active Acquisition Corp. with and into Be Active Brands
 Inc.



















































































Agreement of Conveyance
 Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations (Split-off)









































Employment Agreement between the Company and Saverio Pugliese dated January 9
 2013






Employment Agreement between the Company and Joseph Rienzi dated January 9
 2013






Employment Agreement between the Company and David J. Wolfson dated January 9
 2013



























Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc.
 dated January 26
 2011













Preferred Vendor Agreement with C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers dated July 22
 2010






Reserve Equity Financing Agreement between Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and AGS Capital Group
 LLC
 dated November 19
 2013






Registration Rights Agreement between Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and AGS Capital Group
 LLC
 dated November 19
 2013

















































































Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15
 2013












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24
 2012












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31
 2012












Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23
 2011












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1
 2013












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21
 2013












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18
 2013












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31
 2013












Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31
 2014












Incorporated by reference to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25
 2013.











Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20
 2014.









Incorporated by reference to the Company's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March __
 2015.

























Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.






Be Active Holdings
 Inc.









March 30
 2015






























March 30
 2015






































Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.













March 30
 2015





























March 30
 2015





























March 30
 2015
























































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2014 and 201











Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 201











 31
 2014 and 201











Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 201













































Be Active Holdings
 Inc.


We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&#160;&#160;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.&#160;&#160;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&#160;Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160;&#160;An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.


In our opinion
 based on our audits the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013 and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company&#8217;s recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficit
 and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations and sustain its operations raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.







/s/ Cornick
 Garber &amp; Sandler
 LLP


CORNICK
 GARBER &amp; SANDLER
 LLP



New York
 New York
March 30
 2015







































BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.



























December 31









































504
358



5
670







12
500











47
907



3
181







105
733











713
000











9
230



101
029







1
392
728



109
880













Property and equipment
 net



20
895



3
579







7
262











6
560



6
560

















1
427
445



120
019









































225
655



75
371







101
782



195
177







640
000







Secured Convertible notes payable (less $445
000 discount)















202
852



523
066







1
170
289



793
614

















7
373



6
576







828
830



2
058
243

















2
006
492



2
858
433

























Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 150
000

 2014 and 2013 













Series A Convertible Preferred stock
 40
000

663
921 and 39
441

 2014 and 2013





1
166



3
944



3 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013











Series C Convertible Preferred stock
 26
666

000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014



2
000







Common stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 525
000

475
671 and 97
325
231&#160;shares issued and issuable at December 31
 2014 and 2013
&#160;respectively



42
649



9
734







18
898
457



4
152
660







(19
522
885



(6
904
318



Treasury stock at cost; 4
339
555 shares















(579
047



(2
738
414







1
427
445



120
019
























BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.



























Year Ended December 31





























(128
995



117
333

















28
820



278
122 







(157
815



(160
789





























193
848



111
779







1
437
255



1
081
928







2
166
707



1
921
761







8
755
391



657
701











462
495







4
317











12
557
518



4
236
624

















(12
715
333



(4
397
413





























247
021









(149
963







&#160;&#160;&#160; Interest expense
 net















96
766





















(12
618
567



(4
398
346







































211
630
013



77
483
225







*&#160;&#160;&#160;Inclusive of $173
000 charge for slotting fees (Note 12)




**&#160;&#160;Includes $151
023 write down of obsolete and unusable inventory
























OLDINGS
 INC.













































FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 and 2013














































































































































































































Balance
 December 31
 2012



29
502
750



2
950



























1
496
050



(2
505
972











(1
006
972





























































20
851
336



2
086



























(2
086









































































Conversion of bridge notes and interest
 




2
076
906































477
480















477
688

























































Sale of common stock&#160;in offering
 



1
826
087































67
705















67
889

























































&#160;offering
 net of related fees



8
083
334







20
250
000



2
025



















(2
833















































































3
789
473







19
191
458



1
919



















(2
298













































































23
054
778



2
305



























(2
305













































































































1
921
761















1
921
761





































































































(4
339
555





































































3
584
229































99
642















100
000





























































3
500
000































69
650















70
000





























































1
056
338































29
894















30
000

































































































(4
398
346











(4
398
346

























































Balance
 December 31
 2013



97
325
231



9
734



39
441
458



3
944



















4
152
660



(6
904
318



(4
339
555







(2
738
414





























































33
333
332



3
333



















26
666
667



2
667



(6
000













































































599
999










































































































Deferred costs related to February 14
 2014 offering




































(260
696















(260
696





























































27
777
537



2
778



(27
777
537



(2
778

































































































500
000































64
950















65
000


























































Cashless exercise of warrants for 91
333
335 




74
130
709



7
412



























12
372
355















12
379
767





























































6
666
667























(6
666
667





















































































8
333
333































249
166















250
000





























































160
093
335



16
009



























(16
009













































































16
385
528



1
639



























162
217















163
856





























































1
330
000































13
167















13
300































































































2
166
707















2
166
707

































































































(12
618
567











(12
618
567

























































Balance
 December 31
 2014



426
475
671



42
649



11
663
921



1
166











20
000
000



2
000



18
898
457



(19
522
885



(4
339
555







(579
047























BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.



























Year Ended December 31







































(12
618
567



(4
398
346
















4
317











65
000















462
495







149
963











(247
021











(10
900











8
755
391



657
701







2
166
707



1
921
761



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Stock bonus -&#160;&#160;officers
 net of cash paid 



162
217











13
300



70
000































(12
500











(44
726



32
976







(7
262











(105
733



276
644











(6
560







91
800



(93
732











6
576







(10
733











56
888



(35
198







(1
591
062



(1
103
774

































(3
862





























(53
000















(50
000







1
800
000



1
120
000







(260
696



99
011







425
000























251
639











(73
193



(61
723







2
089
750



1
106
854

















498
688

















&#160;Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year 



5
670



6
452



&#160;Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year 



504
358



5
670









































2
350



3
944




















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.









On January 9
 2013
 the Company
 Be Active Acquisition Corp.
 the Company&#8217;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#8220;Acquisition Sub&#8221;) and Be Active Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Brands&#8221;)
 an entity incorporated in Delaware on March 10
 2009 and based in New York
 entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;). Upon closing of the transaction under the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Brands
 with Brands as the surviving corporation
 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


The Merger was accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization with Brands as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Company as the acquired company.&#160;&#160;Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger are those of Brands and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Brands and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger include the assets and liabilities of the Company and Brands
 and the historical operations of the Company and Brands from the closing date of the Merger.


The Company sells frozen yogurt and fudge bars and offers ice creams in various flavors to retailers with stores in New York
 New Jersey
 Connecticut
 Massachusetts
 Rhode Island
 Maine
 Pennsylvania
 Ohio and Florida
 The Company intends to expand its regional growth to a national level and global presence in sales of premium quality low-fat
 low calorie
 low-carbohydrate
 vitamin and probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and products under the brand name &#8220;Jala&#8221;.





The Company&#8217;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred significant net losses since inception and at December 31
 2014
 has an accumulated deficit of $19
522
885 and stockholders&#8217; deficit of $579
047. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating expenses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
 it could be forced to cease operations.


In order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&#8217;s plan is to obtain such resources for the Company through sales of its products in combination with equity and/or debt financing. While as indicated in the Note 8
 the Company obtained approximately $425
000 of gross proceeds from the debt offering on December 31
 2014 and currently has working capital necessary for sales and production
 there can be no assurance that this will be sufficient for the Company to continue as a going concern.























BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.















All references to common stock
 share and per share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22
701:1 of common stock for each share of Brands stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger as if the exchange had taken place as of those dates.




The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.




The Company considers the carrying amounts of financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses and notes payable to approximate their fair values because of their relatively short maturities.





Accounts receivable consist of amounts due from customers. The Company records an allowance for doubtful receivables
 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which may be unrecoverable.&#160;&#160;The allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&#8217;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness and current economic trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 no allowance for doubtful accounts was required.





Inventory consists primarily of packaging
 raw materials and finished goods held for distribution.&#160;&#160;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.&#160;&#160;In evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount of inventory on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory
 remaining shelf life and the current expected market conditions.&#160;&#160;Adjustments to reduce inventory to its net realizable value are charged to cost of goods sold.





The Company classifies shipping and handling costs as part of selling expense.&#160;&#160;Shipping and handling costs were $3
267 and $0 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.





The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances at several financial institutions.&#160;&#160;The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&#160;&#160;Federal legislation provides for FDIC insurance of up to $250
000.&#160;&#160;The uninsured balance at December 31
 2014 was $254
358.






Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses as they are incurred. Improvements and betterments
 which extend the lives of the assets
 are capitalized. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets retired or otherwise disposed of are removed from the appropriate accounts and any profit or loss on the sale or disposition of such assets is credited or charged to income.





The Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities are related to the ratchet reset provision of the Company&#8217;s warrants to purchase common stock which prohibit the Company from concluding that the warrants are indexed to its own stock and from the provisions of its' convertible notes payable.&#160;&#160;For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in operations for each reporting period.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model to value the derivative instruments of its' outstanding stock warrants at inception and subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 815 and a binomial valuation model in connection with its' convertible debt.




Revenue is recognized
 net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
 price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms). Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations.





The Company recognizes compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees
 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant
 as subsequently adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 8).&#160;&#160;Common stock equivalents are valued using the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
 an expected dividend yield of zero
 the remaining period or maturity date of the common stock equivalent and the expected volatility of common stock. Shares contingently issuable based on the future value of the Company&#8217;s stock and the common shares outstanding at a stated future date are periodically revalued at each balance sheet date based on the common shares currently outstanding and the current traded price per share.





















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.






 which requires the use of an assets and liabilities approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when realization of deferred tax assets is not considered more likely than not.


The Company&#8217;s policy is to classify income tax assessments
 if any
 for interest in interest expense and for penalties in general and administrative expenses.

The Company&#8217;s income tax returns for the years 2012
 2013 and 2014 are subject to examination by the tax authorities.




Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Total advertising was $31
560 and $5
843 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.














December 31





























21
629











84
104





















105
733





















December 31



















6
138



6
138







18
000











(3
243



(2
559







20
895











Management evaluated and determined that as of December 31
 2014
 the Company&#8217;s previous website had no continuing value and was written off to expense. The remaining net book value that was written off to expense was $ 7
267.&#160;&#160;In November 2014
 the Company contracted with a consultant to create a new website which was completed at the end of December 2014 for a cost of $18
000.


Depreciation and amortization expense for December 31
 2014 and 2013 were $4
317 and $960
 respectively.



















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.





Basic income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Fully diluted income (loss) per share is computed similar to basic income (loss) per share except that the denominator for fully diluted income per share is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued in order to present their dilutive effect unless the effect of such potential shares would be antidilutive. Potential common shares consist of incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants
 convertible preferred shares and convertible notes payable.


As at December 31
 2014
 the number of potential dilutive common shares is comprised of the following:










11
663
921







216
670
744







20
000
000







74
166
666







64
000
000



Warrants exercisable at $0.03
 per share



15
217
315







1
866
668













403
585
314







The Company recorded a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and therefore the dilutive common shares are considered anti-dilutive and not included in the calculation of fully diluted per share amounts.





As of December 31
 2013
 amounts payable to an officer/stockholder and two stockholders who had previously been officers comprised Due to officers/stockholders. These loans are payable on demand without interest.


On February 27
 2014
 one stockholder who had resigned in March 2013 agreed to release the Company from its $247
021 loan obligation to him which was recorded as forgiveness of debt income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2014.





On December 31
 2014
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with certain accredited investors to sell to the Purchasers an aggregate of up to $500
000 of principal amount of notes due December 31
 2015 representing the Purchasers&#8217; subscription amount.&#160;&#160;The Agreement defines certain covenants and provides for a purchase price reset for a period of three years
 unless the securities have been assigned
 whereby should the Company issue or sell any shares of common stock or any common stock equivalents at a price less than the Purchasers&#8217; conversion price per share
 the Company will be required to issue additional shares of common stock to the Purchasers for no additional consideration resulting in a share dilution adjustment
 as defined. The Agreement also provides a Most Favored Nations Provision whereby if the Company issues or sells any common stock at terms more favorable within three years
 then the Company will be required to amend the Agreement to provide such favorable terms to the Purchasers. The Company paid $33
000 in legal and escrow agent fees
 a placement agency fee of $20
000 in the form of a note payable

000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $640
000 and $20
000 as due diligence fees
 all of which have been recorded as debt issue costs on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and will be charged to operations as additional interest expense&#160;over the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 or to the date of conversion
 if earlier.



















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.




Under the Agreement
 the Company sold an aggregate of $425
000 in Secured Convertible Notes (&#8220;Notes&#8221;) and an issued an additional $20
000 Note for placement fees.&#160;&#160;Once the Company has fulfilled its obligations as defined by certain equity requirements
 the Notes will be convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the option of the Company.&#160;&#160;Until the equity obligations are met
 the Notes bear interest at 10%
 per annum.&#160;&#160;Interest will be earned at a rate of 10% for the twelve months ending December 31
 2015 or to the date of conversion
 whichever is earlier. The conversion price for the Note and interest is equal to $0.006 per share
 subject to adjustments as stock dividends and stock splits
 as defined.


Each Holder of the Notes has been granted a security interest in assets of the Company in accordance with a Security Agreement.&#160;&#160;The Security Agreement provides the Collateral Agent a security interest in all goods
 machinery
 equipment
 contract rights and intangibles in the event of a default under the Agreement.


In connection with the transaction
 and under its anti-dilution provisions of the February 2014 private placement the Company issued an aggregate of 160
093
335 shares of common stock and 13
333
334 warrants to purchase common shares at $.006 per share to existing stockholders holding securities purchased in that offering.


The fair value of the additional warrants issued in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement was determined using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model as $122
807. The Company recorded this as an increase in the derivative liability and charge to operations. The significant assumptions utilized by the Company in the valuation of these warrants were as follows:










In addition
 the pricing of this Agreement triggered the pricing&#160;reset provision in the warrants issued on February 14
 2014.&#160;&#160;Such triggering resulted in the exercise price of the previously issued warrants resetting to $0.006 from $0.03. The Company&#160;re-valued these&#160;warrants at December 31
 2014
 using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model at $29
799
 a decrease in fair value of $541
201 over the date of grant.






























BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.



The outstanding warrants for 26
883
924 common shares at December 31
 2014
 held by the January and April 2013 private placement investors (see note 9)&#160;do not have a cashless exercise and were not affected by the reset provision. The Company re-valued these warrants at December 31
 2014 using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model at $94
115
 a decrease in fair value of $874
228 from $968
343 at December 31
 2013.














The Company has determined that since the convertible notes issued on December 31
 2014 contain provisions that protect holders from future issuances of the Company&#8217;s common stock at prices below such convertible notes&#8217; respective conversion price and these provisions could result in modification of the conversion price to issue additional common shares based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a &#8220;fixed-for-fixed&#8221; option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 &#8211; 40 the conversion feature represents an embedded derivative that requires bifurcation.


The embedded derivative was valued at $594
963 using a binomial valuation model.&#160;&#160;The assumptions considered in the valuation model at December 31
 2014 were:























































































BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.






Under the initial accounting
 the Company allocated the proceeds to the embedded conversion derivative liability
 which exceeded the $445
000 face amount of the convertible debt at the issuance date. The proceeds allocated to the embedded conversion derivative liability were recognized as a discount to the convertible debt. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded aggregate debt discounts of $445
000 related to the conversion rights and recorded $149
963 of expense related to the excess value of the derivative over the face amount of the convertible debt.








Following the closing of the Merger in 2013
 the Company sold an aggregate of 1
826
087 units (&#8220;Units&#8221;) in a private placement (&#8220;Private Placement&#8221;).&#160;&#160;$419
999.88 of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 an aggregate of $394
612 of the then outstanding 10% convertible promissory notes and accrued interest converted into the Private Placement at a per Unit price of $0.19.&#160;&#160;Each Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result of the purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company&#8217;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share.&#160;&#160;In connection with the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;) whereby the Company agreed to register the shares underlying the Units and issuable upon exercise of warrants for resale on a Registration Statement to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.&#160;&#160;On May 15
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was amended to extend the filing date from 120 days to 180 days after the closing date.&#160;&#160;On July 2
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was further amended to extend the filing date from 180 days to 240 days after the closing date. The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on September 25
 2013 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485 shares of the Company&#8217;s stock; however
 the Registration Statement was subsequently withdrawn by the Company and has not been re-filed.


On March 8
 2013
 the Board of Directors approved the authorization of 150
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 of which 40
000
000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote on all matters and the shares are convertible to the Company&#8217;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of common stock for each one share of Series A Preferred Stock upon notice to the Company
 as defined.


On March 15
 2013
 the Company commenced a second private placement
 offering a minimum of 1
000
000 units at $0.03 per unit
 each comprised of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05
 per share
 for three years. The warrants are subject to registration rights
 as defined and cashless exercise is permitted. On April 25
 2013
 the Company consummated the private placement which began on March 15
 2013 and sold to certain accredited investors an aggregate of 28
333
334 units with proceeds to the Company of $850
000 less $150
000 of offering costs.&#160;&#160;The offering costs include 2
083
334 units valued at $62
500 for legal fees and a warrant to purchase up to 933
333 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.



In connection with the offering
 the Company granted the investors demand registration rights
 commencing 30 days after the closing of the Offering and ending one year after the closing of the Offering
 pursuant to which investors holding at least 50% of the outstanding securities sold in the Offering may request on 60 days&#8217; notice
 the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 covering the resale of securities underlying the units.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 the Company granted the investors &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights for a period of 180 days beginning on the closing date of the Offering. The Company added a Supplement to the Security Purchase Agreement
 offering any investor of units who as a result of the purchase becomes a beneficial owner of 5% or more of the outstanding number of common shares
 the option to purchase units consisting of one share of the Company&#8217;s Series A Preferred Convertible Stock and a warrant.


In connection with the sale of the Units
 the Company was required to issue to investors in the January 9
 2013 private placement (the &#8220;Prior Investors
 and such offering
 the &#8220;Prior Offering&#8221;) additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such Prior Investor who would
 as a result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such Prior Investors under the terms of the Prior Offering.&#160;&#160;As a result of the foregoing
 in April 2013
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional (a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional 22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (collectively
 the &#8220;Ratchet Securities&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Furthermore
 the exercise price of the warrants issued in the Prior Offering was reduced to a per share exercise price of $0.03.


In connection with the Offering and in consideration for such issuance
 the stockholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&#8217;s reverse-merger and various financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc. dated as of January 26
 2011
 management determined that it was in the best interest of its stockholders to issue additional shares of common stock to certain of the original stockholders of Brands who
 as a result of the reverse-merger consummated on January 9
 2013
 became stockholders of the Company.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock to these original Brands stockholders
 exclusive of current management
 as a result of the significant dilution they experienced as a result of the Offering.


As a result of both the January 9
 2013 and April 26
 2013 private placements and conversion of debt
 the Company recorded a derivative liability related to the reset feature on the exercise price of the warrants to purchase common stock issued by the Company.&#160;&#160;Such ratchet reset provision prohibits the Company from concluding that the warrants are indexed to our own stock
 and thus derivative accounting is appropriate.&#160;&#160;For derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued at each reporting date to its then fair value
 with changes in such fair value measurement recognized in operations in the respective reporting period.&#160;&#160;The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates.


















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.




Additionally
 on April 26
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors authorized four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the &#8220;Series B Preferred Stock&#8221;) and issued one share of Series B Preferred Stock to each of the Company&#8217;s three senior members of management.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled such number of votes on all matters submitted to stockholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock (taking into account the effective outstanding voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 on the six month anniversary date of issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock

 and without further action on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as would cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company&#8217;s beneficially owned on the conversion date by them 13.334% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock
 calculated on the conversion date. On October 25
 2013
 the Company amended and restated the Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series B Shares would automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock
 from the date six months from the date of issuance (October 26
 2013) to the twelfth month anniversary of the date of issuance of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock (April 26
 2014) which on April 22
 2014
 was further extended to an indefinite date.&#160;&#160;The Company previously recorded the three shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as stock-based compensation using the then current estimate of the number of shares that would convert to shares of common stock of the Company based on the shares outstanding and current price per share at each balance sheet date.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company recalculated the estimated shares issuable to be 216
670
744 and recorded stock-based compensation of $2
166
707 for the year then ended.&#160;&#160;&#160;The estimate is based on the current common shares outstanding at December 31
 2014
 a stock price of $0.01 per share
 and is subject to adjustment based on any additional common shares issued.



On February 4
 2014
 the holders representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000.&#160;&#160;On March 12
 2015
 the holders representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from 525
000
000 to 750
000
000
 effective upon filing an amended Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware representing the amendment.


On April 10
 2014
 the Company issued 500
000 shares of its common stock as a charitable donation to a not-for-profit organization valued at $65
000
 ($0.13
 per share)
 the price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the day of grant.


In August 2014
 6
666
667 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to 6
666
667 shares of common stock of the Company.


Through December 31
 2014
 an aggregate of 270
000 shares of common stock were granted for consulting services rendered valued at $2
700.


Through December 31
 2014
 an aggregate of 91
333
335 warrants to purchase common stock were exercised in a cashless conversions to an aggregate of 74
130
709 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


Through December 31
 2014
 an aggregate of 27
777
537 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was converted to 27
777
537 shares of common stock of the Company.


 the warrants issued related to these capital raises were deemed to be derivative liabilities and required additional measurement at fair value.&#160; Accordingly
 the proceeds from these equity financings were first allocated to such fair value instruments (the warrants)
 with the residual proceeds
 if any






On February 12
 2014
 the Company designated and authorized to issue 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 par value $0.0001
 per share.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote all matters submitted to shareholder vote and shall be entitled to the number of votes for each shares of Series C owned at the designated record date.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock may convert any or all of such shares into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock for each one shares of Series C Preferred Stock.



















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.






On February 14
 2014
 the Company sold to certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of its common stock
 26
666
667 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.03
 per share
 for gross proceeds of $1
800
000. Until the earlier of (i) three years from the closing of the Offering or (ii) such time as no investor holds any shares of common stock underlying warrants or underlying the Series C Preferred Stock
 in the event the Company issues or sells common stock&#160;&#160;at a per share price equal to less than $0.03
 per share
 as adjusted
 the Company has agreed to issue additional securities such that the aggregate purchase price paid by the investor shall equal the lower price issuance
 subject to certain exceptions
 as defined. The Company recorded a derivative liability related to the reset feature on the exercise price of the warrants to purchase common stock issued by the Company.


In connection with the Offering
 the Company granted the investors &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights and the investors are entitled to a right of participation in future financings conducted by the Company for a period of twenty-four months.


The Company paid placement agent fees of $144
000 in cash
 issued an aggregate of 599
999 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and issued a five year warrant to purchase up to 5
399
998 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a price of $0.03 per share
 as commission in connection with the sale of the shares and warrants. In addition
 the Company permitted the conversion of an aggregate of $13
500 of unpaid fees owed to a consultant into 450
000 shares and warrants at the Offering price. In conjunction with the Offering
 $100
000 was placed in an escrow account to be used for auditing and legal fees.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the balance in the escrow account is $12
 500.


On February 14
 2014
 as a component of the Subscription Agreement
 the Company issued an aggregate of 66
333
330 warrants with a fair value determined using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model as $11
361
278 The pricing of this Subscription Agreement triggered the reset provision in the warrants issued on April 26
 2013.&#160;&#160;Such triggering resulted in the exercise price of the previously issued warrants resetting to $0.03. The significant assumptions utilized by the Company in the valuation of these warrants were as follows:










Pursuant to the subscription agreement
 certain members of the Company&#8217;s management agreed to invest an aggregate of $250
000 in exchange for 8
333
333 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock within 30 days of the closing
 on the same terms of the agreement. The investment required by management was made on June 24
 2014.





In March 2013
 concurrent with the resignation of the Company&#8217;s then chief executive officer
 the Company agreed to purchase from the former executive 4
339
555 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for $0.0001
 per share.&#160;&#160;These shares are reported at cost as treasury shares.

















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.






As of December 31
 2014
 the Company had warrants to purchase common shares outstanding as follows:
























January 9
 2013



3
902
993


January 9
 2016







April 26
 2013



22
980
931


April 26
2016







February 14
 2014



3
333
332


February 14
 2019







December 31
 2014



13
333
334


December 31
 2019






















43
550
590















As of December 31
 2013
 the Company had warrants to purchase common shares outstanding as follows:























January 9
 2013



3
902
993


January 9
 2016







April 26
 2013



28
333
334


April 26
 2016








April 26
 2013




22
980
931



April 26
 2016























55
217
258















As of December 31
 2014
 management has evaluated and concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's financial statements.


As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $5
600
000 and $4
000
000
 respectively
 to reduce future Federal and state taxable income through 2033 and $4
100
000 and $1
922
000
 respectively of temporary differences in the timing of the deduction for certain stock-based compensation. However
 as a result of the recent and potential changes in the share ownership of the Company
 future utilization of the net operating losses may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Service.&#160;&#160;The maximum net operating loss carryforward which could be utilized as of December 31
 2014 pursuant to Section 382 for Be Active Brands is $185
000 a year
 based on the approximately $2
500
000 losses incurred prior to the Merger.


Since at present realization of the Company&#8217;s related deferred tax assets of $3
688
000 at December 31
 2014 is not considered more likely than not
 a valuation allowance of $3
688
000 at December 30
 2014 has been provided. The valuation allowance increased by $1
439
000 from December 31
 2013. Certain charges for operations for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 related to derivative liabilities resulting from equity and debt issuances have no income tax effect and are not considered above.








Sales to one customer of the Company accounted for 50% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2014 and represented 41% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
 2014.&#160;&#160;Sales to one customer of the Company accounted for approximately 62% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2013 and represented 100% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
 2013.



















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.







In accordance with FASB ASC 605-50
 the Company classifies the following allowances as reductions of sales for the years ended December 31:























74
856



164
552























2
383







30
663















44
329







173
000





















(128
995



117
333




In 2014
 $173
000 of slotting fees were paid to customers in anticipation of future sales which did not materialize as a result of the Company&#8217;s lack of working capital.




An officer and Director of the Company was a partner of a public accounting firm providing non-audit accounting services to the Company through October 30
 2014.&#160;&#160;Subsequent to October 2014
 all non-audit accounting services were performed by the officer/director of the Company in conjunction with an independent consultant.&#160;&#160;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company incurred fees of $66
666 and $80
140
 respectively
 to the accounting firm for accounting and tax services.


The Company subleases a portion of its office space to an entity owned by a Company officer.&#160;&#160;Rents received totaled approximately $15
000 and&#160;were recorded as an offset to rent expense for the year ended December 31
 2014.





Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company adopted a Stock Option Plan (&#8220;Plan&#8221;) to provide an incentive to attract
 retain and reward persons performing services
 including employees
 consultants
 directors and other persons determined by the Board
 through equity awards. The Plan shall continue in effect until its termination by the Board provided that all awards are granted within ten years
 as defined.


As of December 31
 2014
 no awards have been granted under the Plan.

















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.








Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its then chief executive officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement included other benefits and future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 resigned from all positions he held with the Company and was serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 a year
 plus the other provisions as provided in the original employment contract. In May 2013
 the prior executive officer agreed to reduce the annual fee to $90
000 until the Company has sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
000 per year. Through December 31
 2013
 the Company paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former officer agreed to end his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31
 2013 and paid in cash in February 2014.


Effective January 9
 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief financial officer for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and includes other Company benefits.&#160;&#160;The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 6
385
528 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
 2015. Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $63
216 based on the traded price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#8217;s employment agreements consist of $66
666 paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through October 2014 (Note 13); $33
577 in compensation paid directly to the Officer for the period October 1
 2014 through December 31
 2014
 and $80
140 paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through December 31
 2013.


Effective January 9
 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its President for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and includes other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
 2015.&#160;&#160;Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $49
500 based on the traded price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on that date.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#8217;s employment agreements for years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $151
731 and $150
000
 respectively.

















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.




Effective January 9
 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and include other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#8217;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
 2015.&#160;&#160;Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $49
500 based on the traded price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#8217;s employment agreements for years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $137
134 and $135
000
 respectively. In addition
 the Officer of the Company was instrumental in securing a marketing and a sales representative agreement and received a bonus of $65
000 for these services in June 2014.





On January 1
 2013
 the Company entered into a five year and one month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 effective February 17
 2013
 with base rent at $39
260
 per year
 subject to certain increases as defined.&#160;&#160;The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security deposit and the personal guaranty of the President of the Company. The rent is due in monthly installments commencing April 1
the lease.&#160;&#160;The difference between the rent payments made and straight line basis has been recorded as deferred rent. Rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $26
518 and $31
175
 respectively.















41
811





43
275





44
787





11
292







141
165









In August 2013
 the Company entered into an Investor Relations Consulting Agreement (Agreement) with an investor relations firm to provide consulting services regarding financial markets and exchanges
 competitors
 business acquisitions and other aspects of or concerning the Company&#8217;s business. The Agreement is for a term of twelve months commencing August 16
 2013
 with a one month cancellation option for either party. The Agreement called for a monthly consulting and services fee of $2
000. In addition
 the Company agreed to grant to the consultant an aggregate of 3
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s restricted stock
 valued at $70
000
 ($0.02
 per share)
 the price of the stock at the time of the Agreement. $52
500 of the consulting fee was recognized as of December 31
 2013
 with the remaining $17
500 recognized in the first quarter of 2014.

On September 1
 2014
 the Agreement was renewed and amended for a term of twelve months with the monthly service fee reduced to $1
500.
















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.





On October 25
 2013
 the Company entered into a Term Sheet with a capital investor whereby the Company has the right to issue up to $5
000
000 of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the investor over a term of three years in exchange for cash advances to the Company. Upon execution of the Term Sheet on October 31
 2013
 the Company paid the investor $30
000 of the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock (1
056
338 shares at $0.0284 per share)
 priced off of the closing bid price the day before the Term Sheet was signed.


On November 19
 2013
 the investor delivered to the Company a Reserve Financing Agreement (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 which was executed by the Company on January 6
 2014.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 the Company may require the investor to purchase advance shares
 as defined
 at a purchase price of 90% of the market price of the average of the three lowest best closing prices of the stock during the fifteen consecutive weekday trading days immediately after the date on which the Company provides an advance notice
 as defined. The dollar amount of common stock sold to the investor in each advance may be up to $250
000; however
 each advance is not to exceed more than 350% of the average daily trading volume for a previous 15 day period.&#160;&#160;The Company was required to reserve fifty million shares of its common stock for the issuance of the securities to the investor and had provided certain representations and warranties under the Agreement. Unless terminated earlier
 as defined
 the Agreement was to terminate automatically on the earlier of the first day of the month following the 6-month anniversary of the effective date or the date on which the investor shall have made payment of advances pursuant to the Agreement in the aggregate of the commitment amount of $5
000
000.


As consideration for the Agreement
 the Company issued to the investor
 3
584
229 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 equal to two percent of the commitment amount which is $100
000.&#160;&#160;This amount was expensed as of December 31
 2013.


On March 18
 2014
 the Company and the investor mutually agreed to terminate the agreement.





On May 5
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to participate in a merchandising relationship which can be terminated by either party with forty-five days written notification to the other party.&#160;&#160;In consideration of its participation
 the Company agreed to pay a monthly fee to the merchandiser of 4.0% of gross sales of the Company&#8217;s product.&#160;&#160;In accordance with the agreement
 all slotting fees are waived on all new items and the merchandiser will review all new items brought into the warehouse six months from the initial distribution date to determine whether the item is selling at an appropriate rate. The Company will provide the merchandising group with competitive promotional allowances as defined. As of December 31
 2014
 $1
500 in fees was incurred under this agreement.




Effective June 30
 2014
 the Company entered into a contract with a sales representative to increase the demand for and promote the products of the Company and to provide marketing services as defined. In exchange for these services
 the sales representative is entitled to a commission of 3.0% of net sales
 as defined. There is no minimum monthly commission for the initial twelve months and the representative will also be entitled to an additional performance bonus
 as defined. The contract is on a month to month basis and may be terminated by either party with thirty days written notice to the other party. As of December 31
 2014
 no fees were incurred under this agreement.

















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.





In connection with the increase in the number of directors on the Board to four and the appointment of a new director to fill the vacancy on June 25
 2014
 the Company agreed to grant 2
100
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the new director which would vest in three equal installments
 as defined. On December 4
 2014
 the director resigned from his position on the Board and agreed to accept 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock as full compensation for his service to the Board valued at $10
000.





In August 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with a contractor to provide social media management services. The agreement continues through completion of the project and is subject to early cancellation with fifteen days&#8217; notice prior to the date of cancellation. Fees for the services are $3
179
 per month. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $8
019 under the agreement.





In September 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement appointing a food broker as its sole and exclusive representative for one year terms to provide services related to negotiating the sale of the Company&#8217;s products within a defined territory. The food broker will receive a guaranteed monthly income of $3
500 for the first seven months of the agreement and a commission of 5% on each sale to be computed on the net invoice price as defined. Until such time as the commissions reach $3
500 per month
 the Company will continue to pay the $3
500 monthly income. The agreement will be in effect from year to year and may be terminated by either party with ninety days written notice.&#160;&#160;All commissions earned will be paid during the ninety day transition period and will continue for an additional ninety days after the termination date.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $10
500 under the agreement.




Effective September 1
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant to provide public relations services for a monthly retainer of $4
000 and 240
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to be issued equally in installments that vest over a twelve month period. The agreement may be terminated in writing with two months&#8217; notice.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $16
000 and issued 20
000 shares
 with an additional 60
000 shares owed
 of the Company&#8217;s common stock under the agreement recorded at a price of $.01 per share.





On May 2
 2014
 an action was commenced against the Company and two of its officers in the Supreme Court of the State of New York
 County of Nassau.&#160;&#160;The action relates to restricted shares of the Company acquired by the plaintiff which the plaintiff allegedly sought to sell.&#160;&#160;The complaint asserts claims under various theories
 including conversion
 breach of contract
 breach of fiduciary duty
 fraudulent misrepresentation and unjust enrichment
 and seeks damages in excess of five million dollars.


The Company filed its Motion to Dismiss on or about June 30
 2014
 plaintiff filed its opposition to the Company&#8217;s motion on or about July 29
 2014.&#160;&#160;On September 2
 2014 the Motion to Dismiss was denied.&#160;&#160;On October 6
 2014
 the Company submitted a verified Answer to the Complaint.&#160;&#160;On February 25
 2015
 the Company attended a mediation session
 the outcome of which has not been decided.&#160; Management believes that any settlement from the above action will be covered by the Company's director's and officer's insurance policy.

















BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.





On
 March 2
 2015
 the Board of Directors of the Company designated and authorized 3
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s authorized Preferred Stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series D&#8221;) shall have the number of votes on all matters submitted to the stockholders that is equal to the greater of one hundred votes for each one share of Series D and such number of votes per share of Series D that when added to the votes per shares of all other shares of Series D shall equal 50.1% of the outstanding voting record.&#160;&#160;The Series D are convertible into common stock in an amount equal to one share of the Company&#8217;s common stock for each one share of Series D.&#160;&#160;On March 9
 2015
 the Company granted as compensation 1
000
000 shares of the Series D to each of three officers of the Company to be recorded at the fair value at the date of issuance.


On March 2
 2015
 the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock which was then outstanding was cancelled and as a result
 the Company&#8217;s obligation to issue any common shares in connection therewith ended.


In connection with the December 31
 2014 Securities Agreement and sale of convertible promissory notes
 the Company in error issued to one of the investors from the February 14
 2014 financing an aggregate of 66
666
666 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock as anti-dilution protection. Instead
 the Company was required to reserve and not issue 66
666
666 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series C Preferred stock.&#160;&#160;

As of March 10
 2015
 the 66
666
666 shares of common stock have been cancelled by the Company and the 66
666
666 shares of Series C Preferred shares have been reserved on behalf and at the request of the investor.












    











I
 Saverio Pugliese certify that:

1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Be Active Holdings
 Inc.;

2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.






March 30
 2015





































    











I
David Wolfson
 certify that:

1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Be Active Holdings
 Inc.;

2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.








March 30
 2015






































    











18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





In connection with the Annual Report of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Saverio Pugliese
 President of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:





















The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









March 30
 2015




























    











18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





In connection with the Annual Report of Be Active Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 David Wolfson
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:





















The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









March 30
 2015


























 2014



    















&#8221;) is made and entered into as of the 1st day of October 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 with an address at 1010 Northern Boulevard
 Great Neck
 NY 11021
 and Saverio Pugliese (&#8220;



WHEREAS
 Executive desires to be employed by the Company as its President and CEO and the Company wishes to employ Executive in such capacity;

NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained in this document
 the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:





. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods thereafter unless either party provides the other party with written notice of his or its intention not to renew this Agreement at least three (3) months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term of this Agreement
 as applicable. &#8220;Employment Period&#8221; shall mean the initial three (3) year term plus renewal periods
 if any.

. Executive&#8217;s services shall be performed in the state of New York or at such other locations as Executive and the Board of Directors shall mutually agree from time to time. The parties acknowledge
 however
 that Executive may be required to travel in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder.



. For all services to be rendered by Executive pursuant to this Agreement
 the Company agrees to pay Executive during the Employment Period an initial base salary (the &#8220;Base Salary&#8221;) at an annual rate of $150
000.&#160;&#160;The Base Salary shall be paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices
 subject to withholdings and deductions required and/or permitted by law.&#160;&#160;The Base Salary may be subject to further adjustment in the sole discretion of the Company at any time.

.&#160;&#160;On December 31
 2014
 the Company will award the Executive a signing bonus of five (5) million shares of restricted common stock of the Company which will vest immediately.&#160;&#160;These shares are to be purchased at par value of $.0001.

.&#160;&#160;During the Employment Period
 Executive shall have an opportunity to receive an annual bonus (the &#8220;Annual Bonus&#8221;) which shall be based on (i) customer accounts secured&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;by the Executive and valued at no less than $50
000 and (ii) the achievement of sales targets
 by the Company
 triggered at each $5
000
000 level in gross sales.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Executive may be entitled to an additional bonus (the &#8220;Discretionary Bonus&#8221;) if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Board of Directors.&#160;&#160;The amount to be paid to Executive upon achievement of the criteria shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and shall be established with respect to each calendar year during the Employment Period.&#160;&#160;Bonuses shall be paid by the Company to the Executive promptly after determination that the relevant targets have been met by the Board of Directors and following the completion of the Company&#8217;s annual audit; provided however
 the Board of Directors may delay such payment to a later date (such payment to be made only if Executive is still employed by the Company).&#160;&#160;The Board of Directors may provide for lesser or greater percentage the Annual Bonus payment for Executive upon achievement of partial or additional criteria established or determined by the Board of Directors from time to time.

.&#160;Upon termination of Executive&#8217;s employment prior to expiration of the Employment Period by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason
 in addition to the payment of any obligations previously accrued and owing through the date of Executive&#8217;s separation from employment
 and provided that
 within 45 days after the date of Executive&#8217;s separation
 Executive executes a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company and such release shall not have been revoked
 Executive shall be entitled to receive the continuation of Executive&#8217;s then-applicable Base Salary
 less withholdings and deductions required and/or permitted by law
 for the greater of (i) a period of six (6) months from the date of termination (the &#8220;Severance Period&#8221;) or (ii) the unexpired term of this Agreement
 a benefit to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled (the &#8220;Severance Payment&#8221;);

. Executive shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by the Company for all reasonable ordinary and necessary travel
 entertainment
 and other expenses incurred by Executive while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its senior executive officers) in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided
 that Executive shall properly account for such expenses in accordance with Company policies and procedures.

&#160;&#160;&#160; 7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;Other Benefits. During the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be eligible to participate in incentive
 savings
 retirement (401(k))
 and welfare benefit plans
 including
 without limitation
 health
 medical
 dental
 vision
 life (including accidental death and dismemberment)
 and disability insurance plans
 and director and officer insurance plans (collectively
 &#8220;Benefit Plans&#8221;)
 in substantially the same manner and at substantially the same levels as the Company makes such opportunities available to the Company&#8217;s managerial or salaried executive employees. The Company shall pay one hundred (100%) percent of the cost of individual and dependent coverage for Executive and his dependents.
















.&#160;&#160;Executive shall be entitled to indemnification on the terms and conditions set forth in the Company&#8217;s governing documents.&#160;&#160;The Company acknowledges and agrees that Executive shall be a &#8220;covered employee&#8221; under its directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; insurance program
 pursuant to the terms and conditions of such program
 as such program shall be amended or superseded from time to time in the sole discretion of the Company.


. During the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be entitled to accrue
 basis
 twenty (20) paid vacation days per year. Vacation shall be taken at such times as are mutually convenient to Executive and the Company and no more than ten (10) consecutive days shall be taken at any one time without the advance approval of the Board of Directors.



. If Executive dies during the Employment Period
 this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company shall automatically terminate and the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay to Executive&#8217;s heirs
 administrators or executors any earned but unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay through the date of death and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date. The Company shall deduct
 from all payments made hereunder
 all applicable taxes
 including income tax
 FICA and FUTA
 and other appropriate deductions.

. In the event that
 during the term of this Agreement Executive shall be prevented from performing his duties and responsibilities hereunder to the full extent required by the Company by reason of Disability (as defined below)
 this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company shall automatically terminate and the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors any earned but unpaid Base Salary and unused vacation days accrued through Executive&#8217;s last date of Employment with the Company and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date. The Company shall deduct
 from all payments made hereunder
 all applicable taxes
 including income tax
 FICA and FUTA
 and other appropriate deductions through the last date of Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Disability&#8221; shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents the performance by Executive
 with or without reasonable accommodation
 of his duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period of not less than an aggregate of three (3) months during any twelve (12) consecutive months.



&#160;(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At any time during the Employment Period
 the Company may terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment hereunder for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Cause&#8221; shall mean: (a) the willful and continued failure of Executive to perform substantially his duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from Executive&#8217;s death or Disability) after a written demand by the Board of Directors for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the Company
 which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Executive has not substantially performed his duties and responsibilities
 which willful and continued failure is not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days of his receipt of such written demand; (b) Executive&#8217;s conviction of
 (or any similar plea or admission) to
 any felony (or its equivalent in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or a lesser offense involving moral turpitude
 regardless of whether such felony or lesser offense was committed in connection with the business of the Company; (c) the refusal or failure to follow the lawful directives of the Company; (d) breach of the Executive&#8217;s fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Company; (e) violation of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement; or (f) financial fraud
 dishonesty or gross misconduct
 whether or not such act was committed in connection with the business of the Company. Termination under clauses (b)
 (c)
 (d)
 (e) or (f) of this Section 9(c)(1) shall not be subject to cure.

&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Upon termination of this Agreement for Cause
 the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive any earned but unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay
 and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date.



&#160;(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At any time during the term of this Agreement
 subject to the conditions set forth in Section 9(d)(2) below
 Executive may terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company for &#8220;Good Reason.&#8221; For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (A) the assignment
 without Executive&#8217;s consent
 to Executive of duties that are significantly different from
 and that result in a substantial diminution of
 the duties that he assumed on the Effective Date; (B) the assignment
 without Executive&#8217;s consent
 to Executive of a title that is different from and subordinate to the title of Chief Financial Officer; (C) any termination of Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control
 other than a termination for Cause
 death or Disability; (D) the Company requiring the Executive
 without the Executive&#8217;s consent
 miles; (E) the Base Salary is lowered by twenty (20%) or more without the Executive&#8217;s express written consent
 unless such reduction is equally applicable to all employees of similar rank within the Company or (F) the willful and material breach by the Company of this Agreement
 provided that such breach continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after Executive provides the Company with written notice thereof.

&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement for Good Reason unless and until he shall have delivered written notice to the Company of his intention to terminate this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason
 which notice specifies in reasonable detail the circumstances claimed to provide the basis for such termination for Good Reason
 and the Company shall not have eliminated the circumstances constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of its receipt from Executive of such written notice.

&#160;(3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that Executive terminates this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason
 the Company shall pay or provide to Executive (or
 following his death
 to Executive&#8217;s heirs
 administrators or executors) the same Severance Payment to which Executive would have been entitled had his employment been terminated by the Company without Cause under this Agreement.
















. At any time during the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company without Good Reason by providing prior written notice of at least thirty (30) days to the Company. Upon termination by Executive of this Agreement or Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company without Good Reason
 the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive any earned but unpaid Base Salary
 unused vacation days accrued through Executive&#8217;s last day of employment with the Company and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date.

. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Change of Control&#8221; shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) the accumulation
 whether directly
 indirectly
 beneficially or of record
 by any individual
 entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) of 50% or more of the shares of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company
 whether by merger
 consolidation
 sale or other transfer of shares of Common Stock (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company prior to the merger or consolidation are the holders of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation)
 or (ii)&#160;a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
 
 
 that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock directly from the Company
 or (B) any acquisition of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company.



. Executive recognizes
 acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Company
&#8221;)
 including but not limited to
 its products
 methods
 formulas
 patents
 sources of supply
 customer dealings
 data
 know-how
 trade secrets and business plans; provided
 however
 that such Confidential Information does not include information that hereafter become part of the public domain
 or become known to others through no fault of Executive. Executive acknowledges that such information is of great value to the Company
 is the sole property of the Company
 and has been and will be made available to him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Company herein
 Executive will not
 at any time
 during or after his employment hereunder
 reveal
 divulge or make known to any person
 any information acquired by Executive during the course of his employment
 which is treated as confidential by the Company
 and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of Executive&#8217;s employment hereunder.



&#160;(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company terminates for any reason
 Executive shall deliver forthwith to the Company any and all originals and copies
 including those in electronic or digital formats
 of Confidential Information.

Non-Disclosure
 Non-Competition
 and Non-Solicitation

&#160;(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Confidential Information that Executive has already received and will receive is valuable to the Company and that its protection and maintenance constitutes a legitimate business interest of the Company
 to be protected by the non-competition restrictions set forth herein. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the non-competition restrictions set forth herein are reasonable and necessary and do not impose undue hardship or burdens on Executive. Executive also acknowledges that the products and services developed or provided by the Company
 its affiliates and/or its clients or customers are or are intended to be sold
 provided
 licensed and/or distributed to customers and clients in and throughout the United States (the &#8220;Territory&#8221;) (to the extent the Company comes to operate
 either directly or through the engagement of a distributor or joint or co-venturer
 or sell a significant amount of its products and services to customers located
 in areas other than the United States during the term of the Employment Period
 the definition of Territory shall be automatically expanded to cover such other areas)
 and that the Territory
 scope of prohibited competition
 and time duration set forth in the non-competition restrictions set forth below are reasonable and necessary to maintain the value of the Confidential Information of
 and to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of
 the Company
 its affiliates and/or its clients or customers.

&#160;(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive hereby agrees and covenants that he shall not
 without the prior written consent of the Company
 directly or indirectly
 in any capacity whatsoever
 including
 without limitation
 as an employee
 employer
 consultant
 principal
 partner
 shareholder
 officer
 director or any other individual or representative capacity (other than a holder of less than two (2%) percent of the outstanding voting shares of any publicly held company)
 or whether on Executive&#8217;s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity or otherwise howsoever
 during the Employment Period and thereafter to the extent described below
 within the Territory:

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Engage
 own
 manage
 operate
 control
 be employed by
 consult for
 participate in
 or be connected in any manner with the ownership
 management
 operation or control of any business in competition with the business of the Company
 which Executive and Company agree is the production and distribution for sale of frozen Greek yogurt products;

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Recruit
 solicit or hire
 or attempt to recruit
 solicit or hire
 any employee
 or independent contractor of the Company to leave the employment (or independent contractor relationship) thereof
 whether or not any such employee or independent contractor is party to an employment agreement;

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;(3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Attempt in any manner to solicit or accept from any customer of the Company
 with whom the Company had significant contact during Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company (whether under this Agreement or otherwise)
 business of the kind or competitive with the business done by the Company with such customer or to persuade or attempt to persuade any such customer to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which such customer has customarily done or might do with the Company
 or if any such customer elects to move its business to a person other than the Company
 provide any services (of the kind or competitive with the business of the Company) for such customer
 or have any discussions regarding any such service with such customer
 on behalf of such other person; or

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(4)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interfere with any relationship
 contractual or otherwise
 between the Company and any other party
 including
 without limitation
 any supplier
 distributor
 co-venturer or joint venturer of the Company to discontinue or reduce its business with the Company or otherwise interfere in any way with the business of the Company.
















With respect to the activities described in Paragraphs (1)
 (2)
 (3) and (4) above
 the restrictions of this Section 11(b) shall continue during the Employment Period and during the two (2) year period following the date of Executive&#8217;s separation from employment.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that this Agreement or Executive&#8217;s employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause
 the restrictions of this Section 11(b) shall continue during the Employment Period and terminate upon Executive&#8217;s separation from employment.

. Executive upon the termination or cessation of his employment with the Company for any reason
 or at any other time upon the Company&#8217;s request
 will immediately return to the Company all Company property of any kind then in his possession or under his control
 including
 without limitation
 the originals and all copies of any and all documents
 files or records (including computer data
 disks
 programs
 or printouts) that contain any non-public information that in any way relates to the Company
 any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
 any of their products or services
 clients
 suppliers or other aspects of any of their business(es) or prospects
 all other notes
 drawings
 lists
 memoranda
 magnetic disks or tapes
 other recording media
 reports
 files
 memoranda
 software
 credit cards
 door and file keys
 telephones
 PDAs
 computers
 computer access codes
 instructional manuals
 and any other physical property that he received
 prepared
 or helped prepare in connection with his employment. Executive will not retain any copies or excerpts of any such property in any format
 whether hardcopy
 electronic or otherwise.&#160;&#160;To the extent that Executive has Company property stored on any home computer or other personal storage device
 Executive will irretrievably delete such property after forwarding a copy of any such property to the Company.&#160;&#160;Executive&#8217;s obligation in this Section 12 will survive any change to his employment status with the Company
 by promotion or otherwise
 and the termination or cessation of his employment with the Company.



Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if Executive is a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#8221;) at the time of Executive&#8217;s termination
 then only that portion of the severance and benefits payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement
 if any
 and any other severance payments or separation benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together
&#8221;)
 which (when considered together) do not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined herein) may be made within the first six (6) months following Executive&#8217;s termination of employment in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. For these purposes
 each severance payment is hereby designated as a separate payment and will not collectively be treated as a single payment. Any portion of the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits in excess of the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) otherwise due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executive&#8217;s termination will accrue during such six (6) month period and will become payable in a lump sum payment on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive&#8217;s termination of employment. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits
 if any
 will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 if Executive dies following termination but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of Executive&#8217;s date of termination
 then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive&#8217;s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A
 and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary
 appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.

For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;




&#160;(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special
 unique and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Furthermore
 the parties acknowledge that monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by Executive of Section 10 or Section 11 of this Agreement. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 10 or Section 11 of this Agreement shall entitle the Company
 in addition to all other legal remedies available to it
 to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction
 that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability
 in whole or in part
 of any other restriction
 and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. In the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof
 such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to
 and not in lieu of
 any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity.


 
 that the Company shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to Executive hereunder
 provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder.

&#160;(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company
 supersedes all prior understandings and agreements
 whether oral or written
 between Executive and the Company
 including without limitation the Executive Employment Agreement between Executive and Company dated January 9
 2013
 and shall not be amended
 modified or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time.

&#160;(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
 be binding upon and enforceable against
 the parties hereto and their respective successors
 heirs
 beneficiaries and permitted assigns.


















&#160;(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;All notices
 requests
 demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered
 sent by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 or by reputable national overnight delivery service (e.g. Federal Express) for overnight delivery to the party at the address set forth in the preamble to this Agreement
 or to such other address as either party may hereafter give the other party notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third business day after deposited in the mail or one business day after deposited with an overnight delivery service for overnight delivery.



&#160;(h)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two (2) or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive represents and warrants to the Company
 that he has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of his obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which Executive is a party.


























IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.





BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.



































 2014



    















&#8221;) is made and entered into as of the 1st day of October 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 with an address at 1010 Northern Boulevard
 Great Neck
 NY 11021
 and Joseph Rienzi (&#8220;



WHEREAS
 Executive desires to be employed by the Company as its Secretary and the Company wishes to employ Executive in such capacity;

NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained in this document
 the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:





. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods thereafter unless either party provides the other party with written notice of his or its intention not to renew this Agreement at least three (3) months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term of this Agreement
 as applicable. &#8220;Employment Period&#8221; shall mean the initial three (3) year term plus renewal periods
 if any.

. Executive&#8217;s services shall be performed in the state of New York or at such other locations as Executive and the Board of Directors shall mutually agree from time to time. The parties acknowledge
 however
 that Executive may be required to travel in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder.



. For all services to be rendered by Executive pursuant to this Agreement
 the Company agrees to pay Executive during the Employment Period an initial base salary (the &#8220;Base Salary&#8221;) at an annual rate of $135
000.&#160;&#160;The Base Salary shall be paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices
 subject to withholdings and deductions required and/or permitted by law.&#160;&#160;The Base Salary may be subject to further adjustment in the sole discretion of the Company at any time.


.&#160;&#160;On December 31
 2014
 the Company will award the Executive a signing bonus of five (5) million shares of restricted common stock of the Company which will vest immediately.&#160;&#160;These shares are to be purchased at par value of $.0001.

.&#160;&#160;During the Employment Period
 Executive shall have an opportunity to receive an annual bonus (the &#8220;Annual Bonus&#8221;) which shall be based on (i) customer accounts secured&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;by the Executive and valued at no less than $50
000 and (ii) the achievement of sales targets
 by the Company
 triggered at each $5
000
000 level in gross sales.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Executive may be entitled to an additional bonus (the &#8220;Discretionary Bonus&#8221;) if the Company meets or exceeds criteria adopted by the Board of Directors.&#160;&#160;The amount to be paid to Executive upon achievement of the criteria shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and shall be established with respect to each calendar year during the Employment Period.&#160;&#160;Bonuses shall be paid by the Company to the Executive promptly after determination that the relevant targets have been met by the Board of Directors and following the completion of the Company&#8217;s annual audit; provided however
 the Board of Directors may delay such payment to a later date (such payment to be made only if Executive is still employed by the Company).&#160;&#160;The Board of Directors may provide for lesser or greater percentage the Annual Bonus payment for Executive upon achievement of partial or additional criteria established or determined by the Board of Directors from time to time.

. Upon termination of Executive&#8217;s employment prior to expiration of the Employment Period by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason
 in addition to the payment of any obligations previously accrued and owing through the date of Executive&#8217;s separation from employment
 and provided that
 within 45 days after the date of Executive&#8217;s separation
 Executive executes a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company and such release shall not have been revoked
 Executive shall be entitled to receive the continuation of Executive&#8217;s then-applicable Base Salary
 less withholdings and deductions required and/or permitted by law
 for the greater of (i) a period of six (6) months from the date of termination (the &#8220;Severance Period&#8221;) or (ii) the unexpired term of this Agreement
 a benefit to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled (the &#8220;Severance Payment&#8221;);

. Executive shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by the Company for all reasonable ordinary and necessary travel
 entertainment
 and other expenses incurred by Executive while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its senior executive officers) in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided
 that Executive shall properly account for such expenses in accordance with Company policies and procedures.

Other Benefits. During the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be eligible to participate in incentive
 savings
 retirement (401(k))
 and welfare benefit plans
 including
 without limitation
 health
 medical
 dental
 vision
 life (including accidental death and dismemberment)
 and disability insurance plans
 and director and officer insurance plans (collectively
 &#8220;Benefit Plans&#8221;)
 in substantially the same manner and at substantially the same levels as the Company makes such opportunities available to the Company&#8217;s managerial or salaried executive employees. The Company shall pay one hundred (100%) percent of the cost of individual and dependent coverage for Executive and his dependents.

.&#160;&#160;Executive shall be entitled to indemnification on the terms and conditions set forth in the Company&#8217;s governing documents.&#160;&#160;The Company acknowledges and agrees that Executive shall be a &#8220;covered employee&#8221; under its directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; insurance program
 pursuant to the terms and conditions of such program
 as such program shall be amended or superseded from time to time in the sole discretion of the Company.

















. During the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be entitled to accrue
 basis
 twenty (20) paid vacation days per year. Vacation shall be taken at such times as are mutually convenient to Executive and the Company and no more than ten (10) consecutive days shall be taken at any one time without the advance approval of the Board of Directors.



. If Executive dies during the Employment Period
 this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company shall automatically terminate and the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay to Executive&#8217;s heirs
 administrators or executors any earned but unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay through the date of death and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date. The Company shall deduct
 from all payments made hereunder
 all applicable taxes
 including income tax
 FICA and FUTA
 and other appropriate deductions.

. In the event that
 during the term of this Agreement Executive shall be prevented from performing his duties and responsibilities hereunder to the full extent required by the Company by reason of Disability (as defined below)
 this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company shall automatically terminate and the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors any earned but unpaid Base Salary and unused vacation days accrued through Executive&#8217;s last date of Employment with the Company and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date. The Company shall deduct
 from all payments made hereunder
 all applicable taxes
 including income tax
 FICA and FUTA
 and other appropriate deductions through the last date of Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Disability&#8221; shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents the performance by Executive
 with or without reasonable accommodation
 of his duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period of not less than an aggregate of three (3) months during any twelve (12) consecutive months.



&#160;(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At any time during the Employment Period
 the Company may terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment hereunder for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Cause&#8221; shall mean: (a) the willful and continued failure of Executive to perform substantially his duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from Executive&#8217;s death or Disability) after a written demand by the Board of Directors for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the Company
 which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Executive has not substantially performed his duties and responsibilities
 which willful and continued failure is not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days of his receipt of such written demand; (b) Executive&#8217;s conviction of
 (or any similar plea or admission) to
 any felony (or its equivalent in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or a lesser offense involving moral turpitude
 regardless of whether such felony or lesser offense was committed in connection with the business of the Company; (c) the refusal or failure to follow the lawful directives of the Company; (d) breach of the Executive&#8217;s fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Company; (e) violation of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement; or (f) financial fraud
 dishonesty or gross misconduct
 whether or not such act was committed in connection with the business of the Company. Termination under clauses (b)
 (c)
 (d)
 (e) or (f) of this Section 9(c)(1) shall not be subject to cure.

&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Upon termination of this Agreement for Cause
 the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive any earned but unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay
 and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date.



&#160;(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At any time during the term of this Agreement
 subject to the conditions set forth in Section 9(d)(2) below
 Executive may terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company for &#8220;Good Reason.&#8221; For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (A) the assignment
 without Executive&#8217;s consent
 to Executive of duties that are significantly different from
 and that result in a substantial diminution of
 the duties that he assumed on the Effective Date; (B) the assignment
 without Executive&#8217;s consent
 to Executive of a title that is different from and subordinate to the title of Chief Financial Officer; (C) any termination of Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control
 other than a termination for Cause
 death or Disability; (D) the Company requiring the Executive
 without the Executive&#8217;s consent
 miles; (E) the Base Salary is lowered by twenty (20%) or more without the Executive&#8217;s express written consent
 unless such reduction is equally applicable to all employees of similar rank within the Company or (F) the willful and material breach by the Company of this Agreement
 provided that such breach continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after Executive provides the Company with written notice thereof.

&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement for Good Reason unless and until he shall have delivered written notice to the Company of his intention to terminate this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason
 which notice specifies in reasonable detail the circumstances claimed to provide the basis for such termination for Good Reason
 and the Company shall not have eliminated the circumstances constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of its receipt from Executive of such written notice.

&#160;(3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that Executive terminates this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason
 the Company shall pay or provide to Executive (or
 following his death
 to Executive&#8217;s heirs
 administrators or executors) the same Severance Payment to which Executive would have been entitled had his employment been terminated by the Company without Cause under this Agreement.

. At any time during the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company without Good Reason by providing prior written notice of at least thirty (30) days to the Company. Upon termination by Executive of this Agreement or Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company without Good Reason
 the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive any earned but unpaid Base Salary
 unused vacation days accrued through Executive&#8217;s last day of employment with the Company and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date.
















. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Change of Control&#8221; shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) the accumulation
 whether directly
 indirectly
 beneficially or of record
 by any individual
 entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) of 50% or more of the shares of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company
 whether by merger
 consolidation
 sale or other transfer of shares of Common Stock (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company prior to the merger or consolidation are the holders of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation)
 or (ii)&#160;a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
 
 
 that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock directly from the Company
 or (B) any acquisition of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company.



. Executive recognizes
 acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Company
&#8221;)
 including but not limited to
 its products
 methods
 formulas
 patents
 sources of supply
 customer dealings
 data
 know-how
 trade secrets and business plans; provided
 however
 that such Confidential Information does not include information that hereafter become part of the public domain
 or become known to others through no fault of Executive. Executive acknowledges that such information is of great value to the Company
 is the sole property of the Company
 and has been and will be made available to him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Company herein
 Executive will not
 at any time
 during or after his employment hereunder
 reveal
 divulge or make known to any person
 any information acquired by Executive during the course of his employment
 which is treated as confidential by the Company
 and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of Executive&#8217;s employment hereunder.



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company terminates for any reason
 Executive shall deliver forthwith to the Company any and all originals and copies
 including those in electronic or digital formats
 of Confidential Information.

Non-Disclosure
 Non-Competition
 and Non-Solicitation

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Confidential Information that Executive has already received and will receive is valuable to the Company and that its protection and maintenance constitutes a legitimate business interest of the Company
 to be protected by the non-competition restrictions set forth herein. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the non-competition restrictions set forth herein are reasonable and necessary and do not impose undue hardship or burdens on Executive. Executive also acknowledges that the products and services developed or provided by the Company
 its affiliates and/or its clients or customers are or are intended to be sold
 provided
 licensed and/or distributed to customers and clients in and throughout the United States (the &#8220;Territory&#8221;) (to the extent the Company comes to operate
 either directly or through the engagement of a distributor or joint or co-venturer
 or sell a significant amount of its products and services to customers located
 in areas other than the United States during the term of the Employment Period
 the definition of Territory shall be automatically expanded to cover such other areas)
 and that the Territory
 scope of prohibited competition
 and time duration set forth in the non-competition restrictions set forth below are reasonable and necessary to maintain the value of the Confidential Information of
 and to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of
 the Company
 its affiliates and/or its clients or customers.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive hereby agrees and covenants that he shall not
 without the prior written consent of the Company
 directly or indirectly
 in any capacity whatsoever
 including
 without limitation
 as an employee
 employer
 consultant
 principal
 partner
 shareholder
 officer
 director or any other individual or representative capacity (other than a holder of less than two (2%) percent of the outstanding voting shares of any publicly held company)
 or whether on Executive&#8217;s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity or otherwise howsoever
 during the Employment Period and thereafter to the extent described below
 within the Territory:

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Engage
 own
 manage
 operate
 control
 be employed by
 consult for
 participate in
 or be connected in any manner with the ownership
 management
 operation or control of any business in competition with the business of the Company
 which Executive and Company agree is the production and distribution for sale of frozen Greek yogurt products;

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Recruit
 solicit or hire
 or attempt to recruit
 solicit or hire
 any employee
 or independent contractor of the Company to leave the employment (or independent contractor relationship) thereof
 whether or not any such employee or independent contractor is party to an employment agreement;

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Attempt in any manner to solicit or accept from any customer of the Company
 with whom the Company had significant contact during Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company (whether under this Agreement or otherwise)
 business of the kind or competitive with the business done by the Company with such customer or to persuade or attempt to persuade any such customer to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which such customer has customarily done or might do with the Company
 or if any such customer elects to move its business to a person other than the Company
 provide any services (of the kind or competitive with the business of the Company) for such customer
 or have any discussions regarding any such service with such customer
 on behalf of such other person; or

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(4)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interfere with any relationship
 contractual or otherwise
 between the Company and any other party
 including
 without limitation
 any supplier
 distributor
 co-venturer or joint venturer of the Company to discontinue or reduce its business with the Company or otherwise interfere in any way with the business of the Company.

With respect to the activities described in Paragraphs (1)
 (2)
 (3) and (4) above
 the restrictions of this Section 11(b) shall continue during the Employment Period and during the two (2) year period following the date of Executive&#8217;s separation from employment.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that this Agreement or Executive&#8217;s employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause
 the restrictions of this Section 11(b) shall continue during the Employment Period and terminate upon Executive&#8217;s separation from employment.


















. Executive upon the termination or cessation of his employment with the Company for any reason
 or at any other time upon the Company&#8217;s request
 will immediately return to the Company all Company property of any kind then in his possession or under his control
 including
 without limitation
 the originals and all copies of any and all documents
 files or records (including computer data
 disks
 programs
 or printouts) that contain any non-public information that in any way relates to the Company
 any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
 any of their products or services
 clients
 suppliers or other aspects of any of their business(es) or prospects
 all other notes
 drawings
 lists
 memoranda
 magnetic disks or tapes
 other recording media
 reports
 files
 memoranda
 software
 credit cards
 door and file keys
 telephones
 PDAs
 computers
 computer access codes
 instructional manuals
 and any other physical property that he received
 prepared
 or helped prepare in connection with his employment. Executive will not retain any copies or excerpts of any such property in any format
 whether hardcopy
 electronic or otherwise.&#160;&#160;To the extent that Executive has Company property stored on any home computer or other personal storage device
 Executive will irretrievably delete such property after forwarding a copy of any such property to the Company.&#160;&#160;Executive&#8217;s obligation in this Section 12 will survive any change to his employment status with the Company
 by promotion or otherwise
 and the termination or cessation of his employment with the Company.



Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if Executive is a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#8221;) at the time of Executive&#8217;s termination
 then only that portion of the severance and benefits payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement
 if any
 and any other severance payments or separation benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together
&#8221;)
 which (when considered together) do not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined herein) may be made within the first six (6) months following Executive&#8217;s termination of employment in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. For these purposes
 each severance payment is hereby designated as a separate payment and will not collectively be treated as a single payment. Any portion of the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits in excess of the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) otherwise due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executive&#8217;s termination will accrue during such six (6) month period and will become payable in a lump sum payment on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive&#8217;s termination of employment. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits
 if any
 will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 if Executive dies following termination but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of Executive&#8217;s date of termination
 then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive&#8217;s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A
 and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary
 appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.

For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;




&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special
 unique and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Furthermore
 the parties acknowledge that monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by Executive of Section 10 or Section 11 of this Agreement. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 10 or Section 11 of this Agreement shall entitle the Company
 in addition to all other legal remedies available to it
 to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction
 that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability
 in whole or in part
 of any other restriction
 and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. In the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof
 such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to
 and not in lieu of
 any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity.


 
 that the Company shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to Executive hereunder
 provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company
 supersedes all prior understandings and agreements
 whether oral or written
 between Executive and the Company
 including without limitation the Executive Employment Agreement between Executive and Company dated January 9
 2013
 and shall not be amended
 modified or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
 be binding upon and enforceable against
 the parties hereto and their respective successors
 heirs
 beneficiaries and permitted assigns.


















&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;All notices
 requests
 demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered
 sent by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 or by reputable national overnight delivery service (e.g. Federal Express) for overnight delivery to the party at the address set forth in the preamble to this Agreement
 or to such other address as either party may hereafter give the other party notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third business day after deposited in the mail or one business day after deposited with an overnight delivery service for overnight delivery.



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (h)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two (2) or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive represents and warrants to the Company
 that he has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of his obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which Executive is a party.


























IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.





BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.




































 2014



    















&#8221;) is made and entered into as of the 1st day of October 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Be Active Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 with an address at 1010 Northern Boulevard
 Great Neck
 NY 11021
 and David Wolfson (&#8220;



WHEREAS
 Executive desires to be employed by the Company as its Chief Financial Officer and the Company wishes to employ Executive in such capacity;

NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the respective covenants and agreements of the parties contained in this document
 the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:





. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods thereafter unless either party provides the other party with written notice of his or its intention not to renew this Agreement at least three (3) months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term of this Agreement
 as applicable. &#8220;Employment Period&#8221; shall mean the initial three (3) year term plus renewal periods
 if any.

. Executive&#8217;s services shall be performed in the state of New York or at such other locations as Executive and the Board of Directors shall mutually agree from time to time. The parties acknowledge
 however
 that Executive may be required to travel in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder.



. For all services to be rendered by Executive pursuant to this Agreement
 the Company agrees to pay Executive during the Employment Period an initial base salary (the &#8220;Base Salary&#8221;) at an annual rate of $135
000.&#160;&#160;The Base Salary shall be paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#8217;s regular payroll practices
 subject to withholdings and deductions required and/or permitted by law.&#160;&#160;The Base Salary may be subject to further adjustment in the sole discretion of the Company at any time.

.&#160;&#160;On December 31
 2014
 the Company will award the Executive a signing bonus of six million three hundred eighty five thousand five hundred twenty eight&#160;&#160;(6
385
528) million shares of restricted common stock of the Company which will vest immediately.&#160;&#160;These shares are to be purchased at par value of $.0001.

. Upon termination of Executive&#8217;s employment prior to expiration of the Employment Period by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason
 in addition to the payment of any obligations previously accrued and owing through the date of Executive&#8217;s separation from employment
 and provided that
 within 45 days after the date of Executive&#8217;s separation
 Executive executes a release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company and such release shall not have been revoked
 Executive shall be entitled to receive the continuation of Executive&#8217;s then-applicable Base Salary
 less withholdings and deductions required and/or permitted by law
 for the greater of (i) a period of six (6) months from the date of termination (the &#8220;Severance Period&#8221;) or (ii) the unexpired term of this Agreement
 a benefit to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled (the &#8220;Severance Payment&#8221;);

. Executive shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement by the Company for all reasonable ordinary and necessary travel
 entertainment
 and other expenses incurred by Executive while employed (in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company for its senior executive officers) in the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement; provided
 that Executive shall properly account for such expenses in accordance with Company policies and procedures.

Other Benefits. During the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be eligible to participate in incentive
 savings
 retirement (401(k))
 and welfare benefit plans
 including
 without limitation
 health
 medical
 dental
 vision
 life (including accidental death and dismemberment)
 and disability insurance plans
 and director and officer insurance plans (collectively
 &#8220;Benefit Plans&#8221;)
 in substantially the same manner and at substantially the same levels as the Company makes such opportunities available to the Company&#8217;s managerial or salaried executive employees. The Company shall pay one hundred (100%) percent of the cost of individual and dependent coverage for Executive and his dependents.

.&#160;&#160;Executive shall be entitled to indemnification on the terms and conditions set forth in the Company&#8217;s governing documents.&#160;&#160;The Company acknowledges and agrees that Executive shall be a &#8220;covered employee&#8221; under its directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; insurance program
 pursuant to the terms and conditions of such program
 as such program shall be amended or superseded from time to time in the sole discretion of the Company.


. During the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be entitled to accrue
 basis
 twenty (20) paid vacation days per year. Vacation shall be taken at such times as are mutually convenient to Executive and the Company and no more than ten (10) consecutive days shall be taken at any one time without the advance approval of the Board of Directors.


















. If Executive dies during the Employment Period
 this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company shall automatically terminate and the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay to Executive&#8217;s heirs
 administrators or executors any earned but unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay through the date of death and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date. The Company shall deduct
 from all payments made hereunder
 all applicable taxes
 including income tax
 FICA and FUTA
 and other appropriate deductions.

. In the event that
 during the term of this Agreement Executive shall be prevented from performing his duties and responsibilities hereunder to the full extent required by the Company by reason of Disability (as defined below)
 this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company shall automatically terminate and the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits accruing thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors any earned but unpaid Base Salary and unused vacation days accrued through Executive&#8217;s last date of Employment with the Company and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date. The Company shall deduct
 from all payments made hereunder
 all applicable taxes
 including income tax
 FICA and FUTA
 and other appropriate deductions through the last date of Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Disability&#8221; shall mean a physical or mental disability that prevents the performance by Executive
 with or without reasonable accommodation
 of his duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period of not less than an aggregate of three (3) months during any twelve (12) consecutive months.



&#160;(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At any time during the Employment Period
 the Company may terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment hereunder for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Cause&#8221; shall mean: (a) the willful and continued failure of Executive to perform substantially his duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from Executive&#8217;s death or Disability) after a written demand by the Board of Directors for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the Company
 which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board of Directors believes that Executive has not substantially performed his duties and responsibilities
 which willful and continued failure is not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days of his receipt of such written demand; (b) Executive&#8217;s conviction of
 (or any similar plea or admission) to
 any felony (or its equivalent in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) or a lesser offense involving moral turpitude
 regardless of whether such felony or lesser offense was committed in connection with the business of the Company; (c) the refusal or failure to follow the lawful directives of the Company; (d) breach of the Executive&#8217;s fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Company; (e) violation of Sections 10 or 11 of this Agreement; or (f) financial fraud
 dishonesty or gross misconduct
 whether or not such act was committed in connection with the business of the Company. Termination under clauses (b)
 (c)
 (d)
 (e) or (f) of this Section 9(c)(1) shall not be subject to cure.

&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Upon termination of this Agreement for Cause
 the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive any earned but unpaid Base Salary and vacation pay
 and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date.



&#160;(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;At any time during the term of this Agreement
 subject to the conditions set forth in Section 9(d)(2) below
 Executive may terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company for &#8220;Good Reason.&#8221; For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (A) the assignment
 without Executive&#8217;s consent
 to Executive of duties that are significantly different from
 and that result in a substantial diminution of
 the duties that he assumed on the Effective Date; (B) the assignment
 without Executive&#8217;s consent
 to Executive of a title that is different from and subordinate to the title of Chief Financial Officer; (C) any termination of Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company within twelve (12) months after a Change of Control
 other than a termination for Cause
 death or Disability; (D) the Company requiring the Executive
 without the Executive&#8217;s consent
 miles; (E) the Base Salary is lowered by twenty (20%) or more without the Executive&#8217;s express written consent
 unless such reduction is equally applicable to all employees of similar rank within the Company or (F) the willful and material breach by the Company of this Agreement
 provided that such breach continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after Executive provides the Company with written notice thereof.

&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement for Good Reason unless and until he shall have delivered written notice to the Company of his intention to terminate this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason
 which notice specifies in reasonable detail the circumstances claimed to provide the basis for such termination for Good Reason
 and the Company shall not have eliminated the circumstances constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of its receipt from Executive of such written notice.

&#160;(3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that Executive terminates this Agreement and his employment with the Company for Good Reason
 the Company shall pay or provide to Executive (or
 following his death
 to Executive&#8217;s heirs
 administrators or executors) the same Severance Payment to which Executive would have been entitled had his employment been terminated by the Company without Cause under this Agreement.

. At any time during the term of this Agreement
 Executive shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company without Good Reason by providing prior written notice of at least thirty (30) days to the Company. Upon termination by Executive of this Agreement or Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company without Good Reason
 the Company shall have no further obligations or liability to Executive or his heirs
 administrators or executors with respect to compensation and benefits thereafter
 except for the obligation to pay Executive any earned but unpaid Base Salary
 unused vacation days accrued through Executive&#8217;s last day of employment with the Company and reimbursement of any and all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by Executive in connection with and related to the performance of his duties and responsibilities for the Company during the period ending on the termination date.

. For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Change of Control&#8221; shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) the accumulation
 whether directly
 indirectly
 beneficially or of record
 by any individual
 entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) of 50% or more of the shares of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company
 whether by merger
 consolidation
 sale or other transfer of shares of Common Stock (other than a merger or consolidation where the stockholders of the Company prior to the merger or consolidation are the holders of a majority of the voting securities of the entity that survives such merger or consolidation)
 or (ii)&#160;a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
 
 
 that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of this Agreement: (A) any acquisitions of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock directly from the Company
 or (B) any acquisition of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored by or maintained by the Company.


















. Executive recognizes
 acknowledges and agrees that he has had and will continue to have access to secret and confidential information regarding the Company
&#8221;)
 including but not limited to
 its products
 methods
 formulas
 patents
 sources of supply
 customer dealings
 data
 know-how
 trade secrets and business plans; provided
 however
 that such Confidential Information does not include information that hereafter become part of the public domain
 or become known to others through no fault of Executive. Executive acknowledges that such information is of great value to the Company
 is the sole property of the Company
 and has been and will be made available to him in confidence. In consideration of the obligations undertaken by the Company herein
 Executive will not
 at any time
 during or after his employment hereunder
 reveal
 divulge or make known to any person
 any information acquired by Executive during the course of his employment
 which is treated as confidential by the Company
 and not otherwise in the public domain. The provisions of this Section 10 shall survive the termination of Executive&#8217;s employment hereunder.



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that Executive&#8217;s employment with the Company terminates for any reason
 Executive shall deliver forthwith to the Company any and all originals and copies
 including those in electronic or digital formats
 of Confidential Information.

Non-Disclosure
 Non-Competition
 and Non-Solicitation

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Confidential Information that Executive has already received and will receive is valuable to the Company and that its protection and maintenance constitutes a legitimate business interest of the Company
 to be protected by the non-competition restrictions set forth herein. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the non-competition restrictions set forth herein are reasonable and necessary and do not impose undue hardship or burdens on Executive. Executive also acknowledges that the products and services developed or provided by the Company
 its affiliates and/or its clients or customers are or are intended to be sold
 provided
 licensed and/or distributed to customers and clients in and throughout the United States (the &#8220;Territory&#8221;) (to the extent the Company comes to operate
 either directly or through the engagement of a distributor or joint or co-venturer
 or sell a significant amount of its products and services to customers located
 in areas other than the United States during the term of the Employment Period
 the definition of Territory shall be automatically expanded to cover such other areas)
 and that the Territory
 scope of prohibited competition
 and time duration set forth in the non-competition restrictions set forth below are reasonable and necessary to maintain the value of the Confidential Information of
 and to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of
 the Company
 its affiliates and/or its clients or customers.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive hereby agrees and covenants that he shall not
 without the prior written consent of the Company
 directly or indirectly
 in any capacity whatsoever
 including
 without limitation
 as an employee
 employer
 consultant
 principal
 partner
 shareholder
 officer
 director or any other individual or representative capacity (other than a holder of less than two (2%) percent of the outstanding voting shares of any publicly held company)
 or whether on Executive&#8217;s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity or otherwise howsoever
 during the Employment Period and thereafter to the extent described below
 within the Territory:

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Engage
 own
 manage
 operate
 control
 be employed by
 consult for
 participate in
 or be connected in any manner with the ownership
 management
 operation or control of any business in competition with the business of the Company
 which Executive and Company agree is the production and distribution for sale of frozen Greek yogurt products;

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Recruit
 solicit or hire
 or attempt to recruit
 solicit or hire
 any employee
 or independent contractor of the Company to leave the employment (or independent contractor relationship) thereof
 whether or not any such employee or independent contractor is party to an employment agreement;

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Attempt in any manner to solicit or accept from any customer of the Company
 with whom the Company had significant contact during Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company (whether under this Agreement or otherwise)
 business of the kind or competitive with the business done by the Company with such customer or to persuade or attempt to persuade any such customer to cease to do business or to reduce the amount of business which such customer has customarily done or might do with the Company
 or if any such customer elects to move its business to a person other than the Company
 provide any services (of the kind or competitive with the business of the Company) for such customer
 or have any discussions regarding any such service with such customer
 on behalf of such other person; or

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(4)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interfere with any relationship
 contractual or otherwise
 between the Company and any other party
 including
 without limitation
 any supplier
 distributor
 co-venturer or joint venturer of the Company to discontinue or reduce its business with the Company or otherwise interfere in any way with the business of the Company.

With respect to the activities described in Paragraphs (1)
 (2)
 (3) and (4) above
 the restrictions of this Section 11(b) shall continue during the Employment Period and during the two (2) year period following the date of Executive&#8217;s separation from employment.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In the event that this Agreement or Executive&#8217;s employment is terminated by Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause
 the restrictions of this Section 11(b) shall continue during the Employment Period and terminate upon Executive&#8217;s separation from employment.
















. Executive upon the termination or cessation of his employment with the Company for any reason
 or at any other time upon the Company&#8217;s request
 will immediately return to the Company all Company property of any kind then in his possession or under his control
 including
 without limitation
 the originals and all copies of any and all documents
 files or records (including computer data
 disks
 programs
 or printouts) that contain any non-public information that in any way relates to the Company
 any of its subsidiaries or affiliates
 any of their products or services
 clients
 suppliers or other aspects of any of their business(es) or prospects
 all other notes
 drawings
 lists
 memoranda
 magnetic disks or tapes
 other recording media
 reports
 files
 memoranda
 software
 credit cards
 door and file keys
 telephones
 PDAs
 computers
 computer access codes
 instructional manuals
 and any other physical property that he received
 prepared
 or helped prepare in connection with his employment. Executive will not retain any copies or excerpts of any such property in any format
 whether hardcopy
 electronic or otherwise.&#160;&#160;To the extent that Executive has Company property stored on any home computer or other personal storage device
 Executive will irretrievably delete such property after forwarding a copy of any such property to the Company.&#160;&#160;Executive&#8217;s obligation in this Section 12 will survive any change to his employment status with the Company
 by promotion or otherwise
 and the termination or cessation of his employment with the Company.



Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if Executive is a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#8221;) at the time of Executive&#8217;s termination
 then only that portion of the severance and benefits payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement
 if any
 and any other severance payments or separation benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together
&#8221;)
 which (when considered together) do not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined herein) may be made within the first six (6) months following Executive&#8217;s termination of employment in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. For these purposes
 each severance payment is hereby designated as a separate payment and will not collectively be treated as a single payment. Any portion of the Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits in excess of the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) otherwise due to Executive on or within the six (6) month period following Executive&#8217;s termination will accrue during such six (6) month period and will become payable in a lump sum payment on the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive&#8217;s termination of employment. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits
 if any
 will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 if Executive dies following termination but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of Executive&#8217;s date of termination
 then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive&#8217;s death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A
 and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary
 appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.

For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;




&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive acknowledges that the services to be rendered by him under the provisions of this Agreement are of a special
 unique and extraordinary character and that it would be difficult or impossible to replace such services. Furthermore
 the parties acknowledge that monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by Executive of Section 10 or Section 11 of this Agreement. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that any breach or threatened breach by him of Section 10 or Section 11 of this Agreement shall entitle the Company
 in addition to all other legal remedies available to it
 to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to seek to enjoin such breach or threatened breach. The parties understand and intend that each restriction agreed to by Executive hereinabove shall be construed as separable and divisible from every other restriction
 that the unenforceability of any restriction shall not limit the enforceability
 in whole or in part
 of any other restriction
 and that one or more or all of such restrictions may be enforced in whole or in part as the circumstances warrant. In the event that any restriction in this Agreement is more restrictive than permitted by law in the jurisdiction in which the Company seeks enforcement thereof
 such restriction shall be limited to the extent permitted by law. The remedy of injunctive relief herein set forth shall be in addition to
 and not in lieu of
 any other rights or remedies that the Company may have at law or in equity.


 
 that the Company shall have the right to delegate its obligation of payment of all sums due to Executive hereunder
 provided that such delegation shall not relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement constitutes and embodies the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to Executive&#8217;s employment by the Company
 supersedes all prior understandings and agreements
 whether oral or written
 between Executive and the Company
 including without limitation the Executive Employment Agreement between Executive and Company dated January 9
 2013
 and shall not be amended
 modified or changed except by an instrument in writing executed by the party to be charged. The invalidity or partial invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other provision of this Agreement. No waiver by either party of any provision or condition to be performed shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
 be binding upon and enforceable against
 the parties hereto and their respective successors
 heirs
 beneficiaries and permitted assigns.


















&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;All notices
 requests
 demands and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered
 sent by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 or by reputable national overnight delivery service (e.g. Federal Express) for overnight delivery to the party at the address set forth in the preamble to this Agreement
 or to such other address as either party may hereafter give the other party notice of in accordance with the provisions hereof. Notices shall be deemed given on the sooner of the date actually received or the third business day after deposited in the mail or one business day after deposited with an overnight delivery service for overnight delivery.



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (h)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two (2) or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which together shall constitute one of the same instrument. The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above.

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive represents and warrants to the Company
 that he has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder and that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of his obligations hereunder will not conflict with any agreement to which Executive is a party.


























IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 Executive and the Company have caused this Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.





BE ACTIVE HOLDINGS
 INC.














































        


        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    


    


    



    
    


    



    



    
    


    



    





    
    
    



    
    




    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    



    
    






    
    
    



    


    



    



    



    





    

    





    

    
    


    



    



    
    
    
    




    
    






    
    






    
    


    



    



    
    








    
    




    

    


    



    
    



    




    
    





    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    


    



    




    





    
    


    
    
    


    



    



    
    


    



    



    



    




 March 2
 2015
 the Board of Directors of the Company designated&#13;and authorized 3
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s authorized Preferred Stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 as Series D Convertible&#13;Preferred Stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock (&amp;#147;Series D&amp;#148;) shall have the number of votes&#13;on all matters submitted to the stockholders that is equal to the greater of one hundred votes for each one share of Series D and&#13;such number of votes per share of Series D that when added to the votes per shares of all other shares of Series D shall equal&#13;50.1% of the outstanding voting record.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Series D are convertible into common stock in an amount equal to one share&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock for each one share of Series D.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On March 9
 2015
 the Company granted as compensation&#13;1
000

 2015
 the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock which&#13;was then outstanding was cancelled and as a result

 2014 Securities Agreement and&#13;sale of convertible promissory notes
 the Company in error issued to one of the investors from the February 14
 2014 financing&#13;an aggregate of 66
666
666 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock as anti-dilution protection. Instead
 the Company was required&#13;to reserve and not issue 66
666

 2015
 the 66
666
666 shares of common stock have&#13;been cancelled by the Company and the 66
666


 2013
 the Company entered into an employment&#13;agreement with its then chief executive officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods&#13;thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base&#13;annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s regular payroll practices and an&#13;annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement included other&#13;benefits and future grants under the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&amp;#146;s chief executive&#13;officer
 resigned from all positions he held with the Company and was serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 a year
&#13;plus the other provisions as provided in the original employment contract. In May 2013
 the prior executive officer agreed to reduce&#13;the annual fee to $90
000 until the Company has sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
000 per year. Through December&#13;31
 2013
 the Company paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former&#13;officer agreed to end his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31

 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
&#13;the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief financial officer for a term of three years
 to be automatically&#13;renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement.&#13;The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;regular payroll practices and includes other Company benefits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 6
385
528&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer&#13;at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
 2015. Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was&#13;$63
216 based on the traded price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&amp;#146;s&#13;employment agreements consist of $66
666 paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through October 2014&#13;(Note 13); $33
577 in compensation paid directly to the Officer for the period October 1
 2014 through December 31
 2014
 and $80
140&#13;paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through December 31

 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
&#13;the Company entered into an employment agreement with its President for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for&#13;successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The&#13;agreement provides for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s regular&#13;payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and&#13;includes other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive&#13;Plan.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock&#13;at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on&#13;January 9
 2015.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $49
500 based on the traded price&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on that date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&amp;#146;s employment agreements&#13;for years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $151
731 and $150
000

 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
&#13;the Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for&#13;successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The&#13;agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&amp;#146;s regular&#13;payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and&#13;include other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&amp;#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive&#13;Plan. In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at December&#13;31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
&#13;2015.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $49
500 based on the traded price of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&amp;#146;s employment agreements for years ended&#13;December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $137
134 and $135
000
 respectively. In addition
 the Officer of the Company was instrumental in&#13;securing a marketing and a sales representative agreement and received a bonus of $65

 2013
 the Company entered into a five year and one&#13;month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 effective February 17
 2013
 with base rent at $39
260
 per year
 subject to certain&#13;increases as defined.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security deposit and the personal guaranty&#13;of the President of the Company. The rent is due in monthly installments commencing April 1
 2013; rent expense is being recorded&#13;on a straight line basis over the term of the lease.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The difference between the rent payments made and straight line&#13;basis has been recorded as deferred rent. Rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $26
518 and $31
175

811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;141

 the Company entered into an Investor Relations Consulting&#13;Agreement (Agreement) with an investor relations firm to provide consulting services regarding financial markets and exchanges
&#13;competitors
 business acquisitions and other aspects of or concerning the Company&amp;#146;s business. The Agreement is for a term&#13;of twelve months commencing August 16
 2013
 with a one month cancellation option for either party. The Agreement called for a&#13;monthly consulting and services fee of $2
000. In addition
 the Company agreed to grant to the consultant an aggregate of 3
500
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted stock
 valued at $70
000
 ($0.02
 per share)
 the price of the stock at the time of the&#13;Agreement. $52
500 of the consulting fee was recognized as of December 31
 2013
 with the remaining $17

 2014
 the Agreement was renewed and amended for&#13;a term of twelve months with the monthly service fee reduced to $1

 2013
 the Company entered into a Term Sheet with&#13;a capital investor whereby the Company has the right to issue up to $5
000
000 of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to the investor&#13;over a term of three years in exchange for cash advances to the Company. Upon execution of the Term Sheet on October 31
 2013
&#13;the Company paid the investor $30
000 of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock (1
056
338 shares at $0.0284 per share)

 2013
 the investor delivered to the Company a Reserve&#13;Financing Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;)
 which was executed by the Company on January 6
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant to the&#13;terms of the Agreement
 the Company may require the investor to purchase advance shares
 as defined
 at a purchase price of 90%&#13;of the market price of the average of the three lowest best closing prices of the stock during the fifteen consecutive weekday&#13;trading days immediately after the date on which the Company provides an advance notice
 as defined. The dollar amount of common&#13;stock sold to the investor in each advance may be up to $250
000; however
 each advance is not to exceed more than 350% of the&#13;average daily trading volume for a previous 15 day period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company was required to reserve fifty million shares&#13;of its common stock for the issuance of the securities to the investor and had provided certain representations and warranties&#13;under the Agreement. Unless terminated earlier
 as defined
 the Agreement was to terminate automatically on the earlier of the&#13;first day of the month following the 6-month anniversary of the effective date or the date on which the investor shall have made&#13;payment of advances pursuant to the Agreement in the aggregate of the commitment amount of $5
000

 the Company issued to the investor
&#13;3
584
229 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 equal to two percent of the commitment amount which is $100
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This&#13;amount was expensed as of December 31

 2014

 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to participate&#13;in a merchandising relationship which can be terminated by either party with forty-five days written notification to the other&#13;party.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In consideration of its participation
 the Company agreed to pay a monthly fee to the merchandiser of 4.0% of&#13;gross sales of the Company&amp;#146;s product.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In accordance with the agreement
 all slotting fees are waived on all new&#13;items and the merchandiser will review all new items brought into the warehouse six months from the initial distribution date to&#13;determine whether the item is selling at an appropriate rate. The Company will provide the merchandising group with competitive&#13;promotional allowances as defined. As of December 31
 2014
 $1

 2014
 the Company entered into a contract with&#13;a sales representative to increase the demand for and promote the products of the Company and to provide marketing services as&#13;defined. In exchange for these services
 the sales representative is entitled to a commission of 3.0% of net sales
 as defined.&#13;There is no minimum monthly commission for the initial twelve months and the representative will also be entitled to an additional&#13;performance bonus
 as defined. The contract is on a month to month basis and may be terminated by either party with thirty days&#13;written notice to the other party. As of December 31
 2014

 2014
 the Company agreed to grant 2
100
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to the new director which would vest in three equal installments
 as defined. On December&#13;4
 2014
 the director resigned from his position on the Board and agreed to accept 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock as full compensation for his service to the Board valued at $10

 the Company entered into an agreement with a contractor&#13;to provide social media management services. The agreement continues through completion of the project and is subject to early&#13;cancellation with fifteen days&amp;#146; notice prior to the date of cancellation. Fees for the services are $3
179
 per month. As&#13;of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $8

 the Company entered into an agreement appointing&#13;a food broker as its sole and exclusive representative for one year terms to provide services related to negotiating the sale of&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s products within a defined territory. The food broker will receive a guaranteed monthly income of $3
500 for&#13;the first seven months of the agreement and a commission of 5% on each sale to be computed on the net invoice price as defined.&#13;Until such time as the commissions reach $3
500 per month
 the Company will continue to pay the $3
500 monthly income. The agreement&#13;will be in effect from year to year and may be terminated by either party with ninety days written notice.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All commissions&#13;earned will be paid during the ninety day transition period and will continue for an additional ninety days after the termination&#13;date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $10

 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement&#13;with a consultant to provide public relations services for a monthly retainer of $4
000 and 240
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock to be issued equally in installments that vest over a twelve month period. The agreement may be terminated in writing&#13;with two months&amp;#146; notice.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $16
000 and issued 20
000 shares
&#13;with an additional 60
000 shares owed

 2014
 an action was commenced against the Company and&#13;two of its officers in the Supreme Court of the State of New York
 County of Nassau.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The action relates to restricted&#13;shares of the Company acquired by the plaintiff which the plaintiff allegedly sought to sell.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The complaint asserts&#13;claims under various theories
 including conversion
 breach of contract
 breach of fiduciary duty
 fraudulent misrepresentation&#13;and unjust enrichment

 2014
&#13;plaintiff filed its opposition to the Company&amp;#146;s motion on or about July 29
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On September 2
 2014 the Motion&#13;to Dismiss was denied.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On October 6
 2014
 the Company submitted a verified Answer to the Complaint.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On February&#13;25
 2015
 the Company attended a mediation session


811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;141


 2013
 the Company adopted a Stock Option Plan&#13;(&amp;#147;Plan&amp;#148;) to provide an incentive to attract
 retain and reward persons performing services
 including employees
 consultants
&#13;directors and other persons determined by the Board
 through equity awards. The Plan shall continue in effect until its termination&#13;by the Board provided that all awards are granted within ten years

 2014


 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Subsequent to October&#13;2014
 all non-audit accounting services were performed by the officer/director of the Company in conjunction with an independent&#13;consultant.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company incurred fees of $66
666 and $80
140
 respectively

000 and&amp;#160;were recorded as an offset to rent&#13;expense for the year ended December 31



856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;164
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Sales discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Trade spending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Slotting fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;173
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(128
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117

 $173


856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;164
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Sales discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Trade spending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Slotting fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;173
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(128
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117


 2014 and represented 41% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
&#13;2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Sales to one customer of the Company accounted for approximately 62% of sales for the year ended December 31
&#13;2013 and represented 100% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31


 2014

 2014 and 2013
 the Company&#13;has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $5
600
000 and $4
000
000
 respectively
 to reduce future Federal and state&#13;taxable income through 2033 and $4
100
000 and $1
922
000
 respectively of temporary differences in the timing of the deduction&#13;for certain stock-based compensation. However
 as a result of the recent and potential changes in the share ownership of the Company
&#13;future utilization of the net operating losses may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Service.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;maximum net operating loss carryforward which could be utilized as of December 31
 2014 pursuant to Section 382 for Be Active Brands&#13;is $185
000 a year
 based on the approximately $2
500

688
000 at December 31
 2014 is not considered more likely than not
 a valuation allowance of&#13;$3
688
000 at December 30
 2014 has been provided. The valuation allowance increased by $1
439
000 from December 31
 2013. Certain&#13;charges for operations for the years ended December 31


&#13;the Company sold an aggregate of 1
826
087 units (&amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;) in a private placement (&amp;#147;Private Placement&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;$419
999.88&#13;of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Additionally
 an aggregate of $394
612 of the then outstanding&#13;10% convertible promissory notes and accrued interest converted into the Private Placement at a per Unit price of $0.19.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each&#13;Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result&#13;of the purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number&#13;of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In connection with&#13;the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &amp;#147;Registration Rights&#13;Agreement&amp;#148;) whereby the Company agreed to register the shares underlying the Units and issuable upon exercise of warrants&#13;for resale on a Registration Statement to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and&#13;to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On May 15
 2013
 the&#13;Registrations Rights Agreement was amended to extend the filing date from 120 days to 180 days after the closing date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On&#13;July 2
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was further amended to extend the filing date from 180 days to 240 days after&#13;the closing date. The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on September 25
 2013 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s stock; however

 2013
 the Board of Directors approved&#13;the authorization of 150
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 of which 40
000
000 shares have been&#13;designated as Series A Preferred Stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote on all matters and&#13;the shares are convertible to the Company&amp;#146;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of common stock for each one share&#13;of Series A Preferred Stock upon notice to the Company

 2013
 the Company commenced a&#13;second private placement
 offering a minimum of 1
000
000 units at $0.03 per unit
 each comprised of one share of common stock&#13;and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05
 per share
 for three years. The warrants are&#13;subject to registration rights
 as defined and cashless exercise is permitted. On April 25
 2013
 the Company consummated the private&#13;placement which began on March 15
 2013 and sold to certain accredited investors an aggregate of 28
333
334 units with proceeds&#13;to the Company of $850
000 less $150
000 of offering costs.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The offering costs include 2
083
334 units valued at $62
500&#13;for legal fees and a warrant to purchase up to 933

 the Company&#13;granted the investors demand registration rights
 commencing 30 days after the closing of the Offering and ending one year after&#13;the closing of the Offering
 pursuant to which investors holding at least 50% of the outstanding securities sold in the Offering&#13;may request on 60 days&amp;#146; notice
 the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 covering&#13;the resale of securities underlying the units.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Additionally
 the Company granted the investors &amp;#147;piggy-back&amp;#148;&#13;registration rights for a period of 180 days beginning on the closing date of the Offering. The Company added a Supplement to the&#13;Security Purchase Agreement
 offering any investor of units who as a result of the purchase becomes a beneficial owner of 5% or&#13;more of the outstanding number of common shares

 the&#13;Company was required to issue to investors in the January 9
 2013 private placement (the &amp;#147;Prior Investors
 and such offering
&#13;the &amp;#147;Prior Offering&amp;#148;) additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such Prior Investor who would
 as a&#13;result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&amp;#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 shares&#13;of Series A Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such Prior Investors under the terms&#13;of the Prior Offering.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As a result of the foregoing
 in April 2013
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional&#13;(a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional&#13;22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Ratchet Securities&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Furthermore

 the stockholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&amp;#146;s reverse-merger and various&#13;financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc. dated as of January&#13;26
 2011
 management determined that it was in the best interest of its stockholders to issue additional shares of common stock&#13;to certain of the original stockholders of Brands who
 as a result of the reverse-merger consummated on January 9
 2013
 became&#13;stockholders of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accordingly
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock to these&#13;original Brands stockholders
 exclusive of current management

 2013 and&#13;April 26
 2013 private placements and conversion of debt
 the Company recorded a derivative liability related to the reset feature&#13;on the exercise price of the warrants to purchase common stock issued by the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Such ratchet reset provision prohibits&#13;the Company from concluding that the warrants are indexed to our own stock
 and thus derivative accounting is appropriate.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For&#13;derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market&#13;value and is then re-valued at each reporting date to its then fair value

 on April 26
 2013
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Board of Directors authorized four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock (the &amp;#147;Series B Preferred Stock&amp;#148;) and issued one share of Series B Preferred Stock to each of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;three senior members of management.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled such number of votes on all matters&#13;submitted to stockholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such&#13;holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock (taking into account the effective&#13;outstanding voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number&#13;of shares of Common Stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Additionally
 on the six month anniversary&#13;date of issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock
 each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock was to automatically
 and&#13;without further action on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock&#13;as would cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company&amp;#146;s beneficially owned on the conversion date&#13;by them 13.334% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock
 calculated on the conversion date. On October 25
 2013
 the Company&#13;amended and restated the Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series&#13;B Shares would automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock
 from the date six&#13;months from the date of issuance (October 26
 2013) to the twelfth month anniversary of the date of issuance of the shares of Series&#13;B Preferred Stock (April 26
 2014) which on April 22
 2014
 was further extended to an indefinite date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&#13;previously recorded the three shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as stock-based compensation using the then current&#13;estimate of the number of shares that would convert to shares of common stock of the Company based on the shares outstanding and&#13;current price per share at each balance sheet date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company recalculated the estimated&#13;shares issuable to be 216
670
744 and recorded stock-based compensation of $2
166
707 for the year then ended.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;estimate is based on the current common shares outstanding at December 31
 2014
 a stock price of $0.01 per share

 2014
 the holders representing&#13;a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company to increase&#13;the number of authorized shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On March 12
 2015
&#13;the holders representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted&#13;the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock from 525
000
000 to 750
000
000

 2014
 the Company issued 500
000&#13;shares of its common stock as a charitable donation to a not-for-profit organization valued at $65
000
 ($0.13
 per share)

 6
666
667 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to 6
666

 2014
 an aggregate of&#13;270
000 shares of common stock were granted for consulting services rendered valued at $2

 2014
 an aggregate of&#13;91
333
335 warrants to purchase common stock were exercised in a cashless conversions to an aggregate of 74
130

 2014
 an aggregate of&#13;27
777
537 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was converted to 27
777

 the warrants issued&#13;related to these capital raises were deemed to be derivative liabilities and required additional measurement at fair value.&amp;#160;&#13;Accordingly
 the proceeds from these equity financings were first allocated to such fair value instruments (the warrants)
 with&#13;the residual proceeds
 if any

 2014
 the Company designated&#13;and authorized to issue 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (&amp;#147;Series C Preferred Stock&amp;#148;)
 par&#13;value $0.0001

 2014
 the Company sold to certain&#13;accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of its common stock
 26
666
667 shares&#13;of the Series C Preferred Stock and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock at an exercise price of $0.03
 per share
 for gross proceeds of $1
800
000. Until the earlier of (i) three years from&#13;the closing of the Offering or (ii) such time as no investor holds any shares of common stock underlying warrants or underlying&#13;the Series C Preferred Stock
 in the event the Company issues or sells common stock&amp;#160;&amp;#160;at a per share price equal to less&#13;than $0.03
 per share
 as adjusted
 the Company has agreed to issue additional securities such that the aggregate purchase price&#13;paid by the investor shall equal the lower price issuance
 subject to certain exceptions


000&#13;in cash
 issued an aggregate of 599
999 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock and issued a five year warrant to purchase up&#13;to 5
399
998 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a price of $0.03 per share
 as commission in connection with the sale&#13;of the shares and warrants. In addition
 the Company permitted the conversion of an aggregate of $13
500 of unpaid fees owed to&#13;a consultant into 450
000 shares and warrants at the Offering price. In conjunction with the Offering
 $100
000 was placed in an&#13;escrow account to be used for auditing and legal fees.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the balance in the escrow account is&#13;$12

 2014
 as a component of the&#13;Subscription Agreement
 the Company issued an aggregate of 66
333
330 warrants with a fair value determined using the Black-Scholes&#13;Pricing Model as $11
361
278 The pricing of this Subscription Agreement triggered the reset provision in the warrants issued on&#13;April 26

 certain&#13;members of the Company&amp;#146;s management agreed to invest an aggregate of $250
000 in exchange for 8
333
333 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock within 30 days of the closing
 on the same terms of the agreement. The investment required by management was made&#13;on June 24

 concurrent with the resignation&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s then chief executive officer
 the Company agreed to purchase from the former executive 4
339
555 shares&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock for $0.0001

 2014

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
902
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;January 9
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
980
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;February 14
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
333
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;February 14
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
333
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
550

 2013

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
902
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;January 9
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
333
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
980
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;55
217


 2014

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
902
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;January 9
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
980
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;February 14
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
333
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;February 14
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
333
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43
550

 2013

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
902
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;January 9
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
333
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
980
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;April 26
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;55
217


 2014
 the Company entered&#13;into a Securities Purchase Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with certain accredited investors to sell to the Purchasers an aggregate&#13;of up to $500
000 of principal amount of notes due December 31
 2015 representing the Purchasers&amp;#146; subscription amount.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Agreement defines certain covenants and provides for a purchase price reset for a period of three years
 unless the securities&#13;have been assigned
 whereby should the Company issue or sell any shares of common stock or any common stock equivalents at a price&#13;less than the Purchasers&amp;#146; conversion price per share
 the Company will be required to issue additional shares of common stock&#13;to the Purchasers for no additional consideration resulting in a share dilution adjustment
 as defined. The Agreement also provides&#13;a Most Favored Nations Provision whereby if the Company issues or sells any common stock at terms more favorable within three&#13;years
 then the Company will be required to amend the Agreement to provide such favorable terms to the Purchasers. The Company&#13;paid $33
000 in legal and escrow agent fees
 a placement agency fee of $20
000 in the form of a note payable
 substantially similar&#13;to the Purchasers&amp;#146; notes and issued 64
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $640
000 and $20
000 as due diligence&#13;fees
 all of which have been recorded as debt issue costs on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and will be charged&#13;to operations as additional interest expense&amp;#160;over the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 or to the date of conversion

 the Company sold an aggregate&#13;of $425
000 in Secured Convertible Notes (&amp;#147;Notes&amp;#148;) and an issued an additional $20
000 Note for placement fees.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Once&#13;the Company has fulfilled its obligations as defined by certain equity requirements
 the Notes will be convertible into shares&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at the option of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Until the equity obligations are met
 the Notes bear&#13;interest at 10%
 per annum.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest will be earned at a rate of 10% for the twelve months ending December 31
 2015&#13;or to the date of conversion
 whichever is earlier. The conversion price for the Note and interest is equal to $0.006 per share
&#13;subject to adjustments as stock dividends and stock splits

 machinery
 equipment

 and under&#13;its anti-dilution provisions of the February 2014 private placement the Company issued an aggregate of 160
093
335 shares of common&#13;stock and 13
333


 the pricing of this Agreement&#13;triggered the pricing&amp;#160;reset provision in the warrants issued on February 14
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Such triggering resulted in&#13;the exercise price of the previously issued warrants resetting to $0.006 from $0.03. The Company&amp;#160;re-valued these&amp;#160;warrants&#13;at December 31
 2014
 using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model at $29
799
 a decrease in fair value of $541

883
924 common shares at December&#13;31
 2014
 held by the January and April 2013 private placement investors (see note 9)&amp;#160;do not have a cashless exercise and&#13;were not affected by the reset provision. The Company re-valued these warrants at December 31
 2014 using the Black-Scholes Pricing&#13;Model at $94
115
 a decrease in fair value of $874
228 from $968
343 at December 31


963&#13;using a binomial valuation model.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The assumptions considered in the valuation model at December 31

 the Company allocated&#13;the proceeds to the embedded conversion derivative liability
 which exceeded the $445
000 face amount of the convertible debt at&#13;the issuance date. The proceeds allocated to the embedded conversion derivative liability were recognized as a discount to the&#13;convertible debt. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded aggregate debt discounts of $445
000 related to the conversion&#13;rights and recorded $149


 2013

 2014
 one stockholder who had&#13;resigned in March 2013 agreed to release the Company from its $247
021 loan obligation to him which was recorded as forgiveness&#13;of debt income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31



 2014

663
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common share equivalents of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;216
670
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common share equivalents of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible Promissory Note Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;74
166
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Due diligence payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable at $0.03
 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
217
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants subject to cashless exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
866
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;403
585

 2014 and 2013


 2014

663
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common share equivalents of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;216
670
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common share equivalents of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible Promissory Note Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;74
166
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Due diligence payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable at $0.03
 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
217
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants subject to cashless exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
866
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;403
585




138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Website&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less:&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3

 2014
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s previous website had no continuing value and was written off to expense. The remaining net book value that&#13;was written off to expense was $ 7
267.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In November 2014
 the Company contracted with a consultant to create a new website&#13;which was completed at the end of December 2014 for a cost of $18

 2014 and&#13;2013 were $4
317 and $960


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished product&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;84
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished product&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;84
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105


 share and per&#13;share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22


&#13;including cash
 accounts receivable

 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which may be unrecoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&amp;#146;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness and current economic&#13;trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential&#13;for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013

 raw materials and finished&#13;goods held for distribution.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In&#13;evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount of inventory&#13;on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory

267 and $0 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;uninsured balance at December 31
 2014 was $254

 which extend the lives of the assets

 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued&#13;at each reporting date

 net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
&#13;price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms).&#13;Upon shipment

 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant
 as subsequently&#13;adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 8).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Common stock equivalents are valued using the Black-Scholes&#13;Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
 an expected dividend&#13;yield of zero


&#13;if any


560 and $5
843 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


 share and per&#13;share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22




&#13;including cash
 accounts receivable


 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which may be unrecoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&amp;#146;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness and current economic&#13;trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential&#13;for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013


 raw materials and finished&#13;goods held for distribution.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In&#13;evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount of inventory&#13;on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory


267 and $0 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;uninsured balance at December 31
 2014 was $254


 which extend the lives of the assets


 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued&#13;at each reporting date


 net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
&#13;price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms).&#13;Upon shipment


 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant
 as subsequently&#13;adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 8).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Common stock equivalents are valued using the Black-Scholes&#13;Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
 an expected dividend&#13;yield of zero



&#13;if any



560 and $5
843 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


 2014
 has an accumulated deficit of $19
522
885 and stockholders&amp;#146; deficit of $579
047. The&#13;ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating&#13;expenses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital

 the Company will need
&#13;among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&amp;#146;s plan is to obtain such resources for the Company through sales&#13;of its products in combination with equity and/or debt financing. While as indicated in the Note 8
 the Company obtained approximately&#13;$425
000 of gross proceeds from the debt offering on December 31
 2014 and currently has working capital necessary for sales and&#13;production


 2013
 the Company
 Be Active Acquisition Corp.
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&amp;#147;Acquisition Sub&amp;#148;) and Be Active Brands
 Inc.&#13;(&amp;#147;Brands&amp;#148;)
 an entity incorporated in Delaware on March 10
 2009 and based in New York
 entered into an Agreement&#13;of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &amp;#147;Merger Agreement&amp;#148;). Upon closing of the transaction under the Merger&#13;Agreement (the &amp;#147;Merger&amp;#148;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Brands
 with Brands as the surviving corporation

&#13;the assets and liabilities and the operations reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger are those of&#13;Brands and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Brands and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the&#13;Merger include the assets and liabilities of the Company and Brands

 New Jersey
 Connecticut
 Massachusetts
 Rhode Island
 Maine
 Pennsylvania
&#13;Ohio and Florida
 The Company intends to expand its regional growth to a national level and global presence in sales of premium&#13;quality low-fat
 low calorie
 low-carbohydrate










    




















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 par value $0.0001
 per share
 150
000




 par value $0.0001
 per share
 525
000
000 shares authorized; 426
475
671 and 97
325
231 shares issued and issuable at December 31
 2014 and 2013



      


      



339



      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      







 beginning



      






      











 net of deferred financing costs








 net of related fees



      






      










      






      







333




333
335 shares issued or issuable



      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      


      





 ending



      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      




      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      










      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      


 Net


      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      







      

      







      





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 reportlogo.jpg


M`#-D97-C```!A````&QW='!T```!\````!1B:W!T```!````!1R6%E:```
M&````!1G6%E:```+````!1B6%E:```0````!1D;6YD```5````'!D;61D
M```Q````(AV=65D```#3````(9V:65W```#U````1L=6UI```#^````!1M
M96%S```$#````1T96-H```$


0``````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````6%E:(```
M`````/-1``$````!%LQ865H@`````````````````````%A96B````````!O

`````````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````
M````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````````````````````


M('-21T(`````````````````````````````9&5S8P`````````L4F5F97)E

0``````````
M````+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR

M$


@`W`#L`0`!%`$H`3P!4

M`LLU0+@`NL]0
``PL#%@
A`RT#.`-#`T\#6@-F`W(#?@.*`Y8#H@.N`[H#

+PLBSD+40MIX`+F`NP
M\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

P`S9#/
-#0TF#4`-6@UT#8X-J0W##=X-

2PQ+C$P
3
M(Q-#$V

;HQ
M\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K-&4TGC38-1


M!4A+2)%(UTD=26-)J4GP2C=*?4K$2PQ+4TN:2^)
*DQR3+I-`DU*39--W$XE

5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4
MVU4H5755PE8/5EQ6J5;W5T17DE?@6]8?5C+61I9:5FX6@=:5EJF6O5;15N5







(N6
MB_R






MWRG?K^`VX+WA1.'



#`P
M!PD.#PT
#@L

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P


S4O`58G+1
;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1
M`Q$`/P#]_****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH




M:A
WN(
M)!)%/&P#*ZL

MRG]YE55^L^

MT9$6\,:2RG?N8,R1K\OF96O9R%S(^RJYOP5\8O?Q)\0:_I/A[Q+H6N:IX5

N<#:P6:%U*M(LB,7#``9Y?]@+XQ?#<?M_
MM1WFF?#O2_AS)X)UJ1_$OB`Z]/?+JX2[U
27!CD15M$'V:64I$2N93_=!*Y&



M.!M7YB6X'4\4U3?47
?HI17SO^R!^WC=?MH_$3Q1_P`(OX'O+?X:^'IWM+;Q

Q+2`HICW`

JW^O:YXIN=
COKYU+O'#MGBWY

M]X58/EY%\]3AF+B





RW2-:PE/#D?F21H]XZ2
J^88R
MRA2WRLI8J64'J/\`@K1\5/&7P;_87\7:WX'N+S3]55[:VN-0M#MN--M99D2:



MJ=MNXN8]RHKPG]F?_@HG\//VH?'E_P$],7Q%X;\8:?$;E]\2:8^FWSP@*3



MQ+\TB3.!E@JG









[I
MX9\(QR2$[RFO3C=R2
G[%SU)^I/7J7[3]/P#E/@7_@G%_P`%1_A/^RK^RO9_

M\'[7]K#_`(+#^!_!-OXDNML_&'@0(=1L&E-N8-5D90
@
DJ+L8'ADD8=Z_


\9/7)H]HD^9!R]#Y'_X)&?M(7G@_UK]F3X
M@PV.B^/OAK+,FF(@$2ZO9[C*VP8&]E$@E5L!I8)4?!*RM72?\%JOV7?$_PT


MWFA:C87TBV=\D3QNT4ENI$B_/*%&[=AAN16XKYO_`&1/VAO&7[-7_!%?QYXD
M\#RUUM_B-/GU*.-)?[*CEL[!7F`(*!BVR(%@0&F4]0*_3KQ3\+M-\;:NVH



MM[A;?P:TJQD!MC+%KC(6!S\RMAATQ\I'(KZBTKX



M[XJC\


M%.^(=C8_&+PJVC^+/A)J7B/29BLKV.J1:1=PAQG!VO=


X
;`
1]#_M7?M4^/?'_P#P4!L/@7IWQ&L_@GX;L]'2_P!2UP00

8?R[
MZWTHW4`92K+'(;HL@9200I`(.#5CXV?`#P/^TS?V-YX\^-UXBO-
39;W%Z
M-.




WA[


C(L;
X:4@Y1%4CI@#WKA?#G[#7P/
(/#O[;?[-
D-YC@E+2R;@5FWY+2R\$D#?V&*Z/XJ


\:?&WX;^*M:\)QS)!;Z3IZ6MY?61CF62-

M&EZI

B@'(HK,H****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#YMU7QMX'?]I/XC:;\8M3\-V?\`
M9LME+X1M/$L\
%BVDFQ@
MU:B8A'F%\UZDLBY=%2W#%5




MZ?






M?1FL_$?6/@=\`O$OC#QQJV@^(I-!L9]45MTN73XIXDA#)`B27%PTDCN%8




/*`4$]-K'[57BK5?C?J7@C0+#PW'-'X




S6RA55#(RD`)O
)%\57GAFYN-2,]C;JL.E0ZG'=_9_P!Y(NY+
MB.,PER<Y;S`.*]BU#]G7P!JMO;PW/@GPG-!:V%QI<,3:3`8X[2XSY]N%VX\J
M3)W)C:V3D'-6/7P-\&^`IXY=$\*Z!I
L=Y)J*O:6

KQ(J
M

*H++
MQ)X1T[5M-N-%5!?ZF-/BTY)9H%#6]L+C2&FN464*U[*PW#:I^FM%_9Z\$^'?
M#6O:/8^&=+M=-\56[6VLV\<6%U561HW:?O)(Z.RM(V7<8W,<#%SQG\&_?Q$

%T!X/X8_:;\2


M428!G`Q''%)
?8H_V4/ARO@O7O#LGA'2+K1?%1B?6;:ZC-PNJO'M\MYS(2TC
MKM3#

M%%2`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'_
!V3\_
`
end







begin 644 reportfooter.jpg


M`#-D97-C```!A````&QW='!T```!\````!1B:W!T```!````!1R6%E:```
M&````!1G6%E:```+````!1B6%E:```0````!1D;6YD```5````'!D;61D
M```Q````(AV=65D```#3````(9V:65W```#U````1L=6UI```#^````!1M
M96%S```$#````1T96-H```$


0``````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````6%E:(```
M`````/-1``$````!%LQ865H@`````````````````````%A96B````````!O

`````````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````
M````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````````````````````


M('-21T(`````````````````````````````9&5S8P`````````L4F5F97)E

0``````````
M````+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR

M$


@`W`#L`0`!%`$H`3P!4

M`LLU0+@`NL]0
``PL#%@
A`RT#.`-#`T\#6@-F`W(#?@.*`Y8#H@.N`[H#

+PLBSD+40MIX`+F`NP
M\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

P`S9#/
-#0TF#4`-6@UT#8X-J0W##=X-

2PQ+C$P
3
M(Q-#$V

;HQ
M\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K-&4TGC38-1


M!4A+2)%(UTD=26-)J4GP2C=*?4K$2PQ+4TN:2^)
*DQR3+I-`DU*39--W$XE

5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4
MVU4H5755PE8/5EQ6J5;W5T17DE?@6]8?5C+61I9:5FX6@=:5EJF6O5;15N5







(N6
MB_R






MWRG?K^`VX+WA1.'



#`P
M!PD.#PT
#@L

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P


S4O`58G+1

M2%50!DLS
0%5068D``DXK%^`O[3/@[]IC1]0OO!U]J5];:7







M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!


MXCGC\;^%I+8:?K.M1-;+]EF2&X+SVL4[,)$#@L5!L%#C[4UK6[/PYI-Q?Z


M'VNP.TE6`.
'!]*?M&+E/SR7X=_%2V\






]N!)%^^VD
M0(551@



/#/
M@Z?5EM]22U&ZXNM/2%E6*5F)$;(A#84%1O4_7E1QW

M/O1[3;R'8_




4?!N/QE\4/&D/A





M]?MX8U2.69[*SC56MFMA.06D7#
@\G.%8CA_B?\]0_P"@O[8OQ7LO5S




M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`\+_;RN6M/!O@67[1I^DI;^,[Z;7-5A
^C^'_)CGG6YO
MH\J'A9HU@3

BFO[/XG^OAQ^R9I_A_7].\#WWBCQ5JOB;2]!O

MPXUOP7JGACQ=X%^)WBM-!\

L4DD=V]PUR

MWE7#J&215C:%#@8D#2?SXA^+?&OQ,\^&+'Q:WAO2]6\1?$J?4DTK3M/CDO
MDTOQ4(;:
;H656V.R2.JF2022LY








;?9;V4
E

5ZMJ/A/2]7@FBN]-T^ZBN+5K
M&5)K='66W;AH6!'


MX8W&OZ#=)9Q6TS2D[VN(T$EO







MU0L;S2K?28([*[W`!O
A5`CY``.X'(`]*.8#YU3^PQX#\=:'JT?B+Q3!H?C6

/@;@H`




M3%+(XF]_\0?LY_#_`
5^
)O$6I^?E_K]PT3RZE/I4$EY(T0VQ%I2N\E!PI
M)^4$XQDUT=UX6TV^\2V6LS6%I+JVFV\UK:7CQ`SVT4QB::-'ZJKF&$L!P3$F



[$\FI`\:_;=TR:\\*P0^



O-


M4W[1YC.[
P`8L[-G))K?T[X&^%=+\='Q-'I
;ZT'DEBN)I9)A:/(I21X$=BD


MAN+5-3DU`BPMAY`NEDD);%U*DLZD
5

M



@$#D!\U^)M5^(G@KQ[\2/#?AB[\


:A]U/1_





M%+?


MF=)`B2M!Y)9PY=SWW[7VI:]X6&BWWA;QAX@LO%^J7MKIGA[PY;QVLMCJEQYV
M^=YXWA
K0BW\PS-YJB**(M'LDPS=Q%^SUX8/PWU#PG=)KVL:'JDXN+F/5_$&
MH:G
[O+NZFC:;4%GB-V(IO.TV,?9HU&21B$4
M




W[+7AB_U31;B^N?%
;3K:=@TD-D?,_T-698R?L_EEC#$228T*Y0_9*\'S6FK_;%US4M2UJ2REN-
M6O-7N9M1C:R=I+/R9B^Z%89))'5(MJ;I9258RR%CF0#OV7?B`WC3P-J5C?:A
MXLOO$'A?59M*UM/$MM86^I6ER4CN5B=;%1:E/L]S;O&T1;,<D99F?<:]*KFO
MA?\`C2/A'HUW::6+R:;4[Q]1U&]O;E[J\U*Z=51III7)+-L2-`.%1(T1`J(
MJCI:E@%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%

$]'T.Z\+Z:ND^'X'M-/M[<-;+:
MV[J$EMP8RI\B5`%DB)



_#WCS
MP/+X9UC1=


MLC!@


\]W#.L

MB&*-.




MMYXET6ZU#PGIEAX




$_P!G[PCX&M_<.E:6]I'X'@GM=%47D[TCF4+*#N
M<^;N`',FX@\C!YK-UC]E;P7X@\<ZCX@O+'4[BZU?5+/6[VU;6+P:?=7UI'#'
M;W$EH)?(9HUMK?`9NZ-\;U#!\RN!X_\*_VP;CX7?#W6'\76^H:I#;MXVUF
MROS=&:XOO[,\0W<`TU(RO^L$+VJPKN+.`RA!Y9J7XR?M-^-/$_@+4_['TWT



M(1\V])#O'KW@CX./X(\?76K+XC\1:CI\EF]O;:=?ZA/=+;2S7MQ=SREY'8OG





[T
MU:T:\AO;99?



UUOFO)AI]S8%KAV!
MFZ*[E9CD$O@DXR#B:'^RGX7\-3?$DV+:E:P_%(NVJP)
OE6S212)*UL-O[OS




M!=BO
P4

MVTY)-/29UCMK=UE`::52&9CM2-\@D\2^./VCO$'A[Q7X1V^+_#MAX-U#0M-O

15(V4S2L#]JC&X\;O05_9[N-(^%GA;P?

FNVN+6;0+G36TVRBL))Q/'J$TY@O)1,D
M:-#F_RYG?:JV\C%?VC_`-I9?#?P4N_&7@7QEX4NK'3?.CEGCT6?Q);S3I&)

#+=/K'[/3^*_B?I'B#7O%WB+6M/\.ZD^L:3




M4;^.YCNYMX02LKB\O&$;



MB+6O$UUH.AIX8T:34!$K:=IR.KE8U7S9I#'`))7Y86\6%4[R_I&J6ZKIEQ
M:LS(MS$T19?O*&!&1[\T.U]`/-_V0O&WB[XJ?`CPOXR\6:AH5U-XQT33]:@M
M=-TB2P73OM%K'*\3%[F?S

_#`KC!Z\8R8_COKDO[4=UX/O+[1_#NDQWRVFF

:+(RBVE)'!V^@_!CX:V_P8^#WA/P?:

#4/VK9/A

8*9#T/[/
M'QCNOBO9:LFK7&CV^O:9+&+W1K.VO(9-'$B;D5WNDBDN%?#


MQ9\*%150&@'

MS$%D9(W&8X\




M:VL:E;Z@=/N[/3L1J)?+F!*RLH#+M

[

M/%UE;^#=6L9;7QT^A^=J^I37,\L]]=0WSI%;S3O





4:




FE-87K







M0

]J_'W_@H]\
M+\'7UUI^J?#KX:Z'J7BCX?QZ

-UX(BU^
MT


M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
DHHHH`****`#;DT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!__9
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






















Units sold
 maximum
23
054
778
        
1
000
000
        
        


        
3
789
473
        
28
333
334
        
        


        
        
        
$ 150
000
        
        


Offering cost
 shares
        
        
2
083
334
        
        


Offering cost
 legal fees
        
        
62
500
        
        


        
22
980
931
        
93
333
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
        
525
000
000
400
000
000
750
000
000
525
000
000


        
        
150
000
000
150
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
2
166
707
        
        
        


        
19
191
458
        
        
        
        


Shares issued
 charitable donation
        
500
000
        
        
        


        
        
6
666
667
        
        
        


        
        
270
000
        
        
        


Shares issued for consulting services
 value
        
$ 2
700
        
        
        


        
        
91
333
335
        
        
        


        
        
74
130
709
        
        
        


        
        
        
4
339
555
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
27
777
537
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
40
000
000
40
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
26
666
667
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 limited and preferred partners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!(WZ?U$0(``!T=```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

MV

M(4N[32A9$Z/[RGFH&NIUR*TCD^XLK.]U3%_]DCM=K?22N)Q.+WAE3203)W&8

M:5WXE#`8WYLPW/E[P
N^'^EH?%M3=J]]_*[[A






M$:M`
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M$
:M,:M
:M,:M
M
:M,:M
:M,:M
:M,:M
6N!8M8Q:P%BED+%+,6*&8M4,Q:_^SQE3^

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+
M``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0**```@``````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````C)+/3L
P
M#



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
6BP)[?;#_[Z+&^0:FC<^B+D8)./5PVKFF5?R_</O0UO\#&-L^JXT


(P[A.%;&




MP7&N3H
*6;MP8-V0]M80O%&LG;L8YB[6SET






$G]\1U_(0ZKALL_`3+7&9J[X,\9=0=A`]H1$C
M0/HTL3'L#PDC663RU-;K_;4@H70.C^_0J.!(8

M;N91/TB\F(;.$X9@A(DT52=D3.##B+/#T&$%#89#X;C'
IR_O4[2&#E#
M8:XEQ4]4S$88
T/A+/+D2#(C!UH!'-]+:.S
NI-CZ@P%N\B;M1T3.I(`2
*/


S(8.E.%[D+[4=S&8XSAX3C$6Y^+F3^3!8;1_`R
H(5-P3R:



*N6PNIE'0R]A=&%

M


O




R_86#K';525_





M8@].9C3L([_`*$ER+UG6+NP9L**#(K]N&%EYKU74D&R:XB%R\(64Y0-TH$


C2UFLK\#D#RY[4E&+5Z

E$S$*`D!N2KT)?!ERTSCJ0:F
M/AG&FKXO[
/H-G1-X:UT(09UP9M

M@V0:0.G4XQX:%2.1WHF44`

^.88DR2*K;KG
MBDB!8$


_````


QGQ-K@F0%O-20`0N[4CSJLWR6R98;*8^_S\%'QG3IZ1


@H8)TMR1F&K!`%R1%*XS(%T[^\[4=JFP*-QE$_B40)R
MM.;&KH1#8L0VQBKY*XB2`RI`T@-D!.X/[]

M0=/`-TU/70LF

MWJ:N5J_V[V@??N3X04,5$]K_DAU+3J#6EX!,HXF,$$ZC&186-7[MEXKZ/D



MAN\+]!T



E.E'CE0?#A@N/4'^*B.=1DF+(H29*<*0I3D21AD(7)<@@R



M%RBP':F5S9CR;^=&B;F3A#E!C5$GQH'1J.0N/2LQ[SEE/:

M?[IA1Y((B3#;F!P-R
];4F$=5P




T[@


#ON]D^DY'BN^D8A01-F3
$/6^(+T@A^


17\-QY(1CK68SS-J:

\RQG



5=%[PXL3?1.(O?Q9`H@$RUF)``L&
$X*A


X+GAM;)1676^;
M




MKH'Y^H9@)P+[(
IT5A5%K\R/&BH:O)_Q:-CC/T[,BP+JV
M(`K/V5:6*4P@+7,L9W#<DIO3FJK%'%4/%2U&*A2F)Y7O0$M\G).9`'6(X^]

M!'BHZE).U!E2F)Y;O0$ML@MOAND)D6@]=C_3*G8'ZBZ7-&-4$$74V+SAJ2YP

91)?*V^52

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!;

Y+GAM;)19VX[B

M`Y?#J:*.7?8QR=/'K\UQ]J7J^KH];1PQ]YQ9=2K;;7W:;YQ__I8?5LZL'XK3



ISZC7
8AO/:=?OR4#5%/V_/U0F^

[
)07:-^.K^DO02`Z(

1F-BM0K,5LQY@2`H29^

;BR738

44H9YTN`GW8%
&&.%%_

ULWC\D%1R1%3`W*6XD&]8\T`%M]_X@CT)&I
MEEPL4TTZ=;VJ4;P+.R#%MY2Q.A'];F50U+$4.(_=!@8V?PPP!9NHDE$@49P

M*6*J@





#Q=P$T(ME%N#

B[MATN']0/7&]Z/?\/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(


U+GAM
M;)16VVZC


MR/0
Z!P

M2IY^YQ6#;$.=3`6V0CP;Z%-J'L%B9[#ZL:G`3VFE+*/[0O\2AV^
[W(-Y0[!

M=QC2(1R(I@L)PC@/Z7*2C\H&;)1-TDTH]_C@7
:[+.-/D3'@V`;N+O@@6'2\
MJ(R8.V[?K@(?1)TF'
MGX_WJ@'WM




1G%\



O

S
M+GAM;)156V_;(!A]G[3_@'BO\3T7Q:G:5-TJ;=(T[?)
;!RC&F
!:=I_OP](



DSTHT\?%*\^L([
M!F'#




]3EF@MB\@I@-)`3T
M#2+!^OM%VB8P@]$@


G*IH'H:3^L;7X3HX2Z*!



@Z#&?A2_L3Q`R-[
M]^EMI8&3PCTV\&-@L'O#`



!2=I_OP
D7MQT

M^(4;?+O\^&%Q4/K)U)Q;!(36%+BVMIL38EC-)361ZG@+


B2;9-3A)]=.N




G!_G$^C=#I*1N/_4TAPY`
^4$N7ZT.)H&]C0==2V8S('LDF50




)
M

LW$G_MX9/
(=^B2
05TK9T\!]/?J/^O(/````__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`````$`_-\_9


!%-!EX]U)Q79MN#[)4P(/7(/@PMZP:F2
M6E;&`SK?;WTO/`7/CM5R4'!S9VI%B5X[MP6<RPOUX-^?SB;*]/_B/=R/TG
MQ<LOO&,0-I3)%F`KY9.%/I9VA[V+YY^&`KP3:&25637FN]R_YGQNC%0[10




M7HD%0YHG&X?S:2@.DXQJBY.)LYV3]^QLP3D&6Z/E)/[KR
7B
-E0K#C*)LO%
MZ7+P=AAP=*\/PX*GDN8CKY/D

M




M='




!'A`[<

M8S]._J_%M7'U-ET3339K*8X(2@^4JXZ80O97P#SX8Z
9'7O-
'#*D%P9E@S#

&S@Q

MQ5C;X9[GC=:8J590)]0J\2V*'OW&B9+MF-UK1`5!]-^?`AR7!T[XU5@L(=
M/T!GZDC)OA-9\E:AFA6PU7



%AFI'$)):YF]WC.50D+!QO8CXY2*$@#@VZJX

M%/!Z1LC;D/'MVG4H1FQ03T-VP9?#.?UQV3;-Q2S7C(B@0Q=3V+$T^#@(
P

VC*&/;^
M6#K4(*

M*$8\18DG24'-)114G*
LWH-BQ%.4OTL6ZX
:;'!O%@:+\[2@9
YPAND!63


.E;B
M`80/6C3M]KL3&@Z.]K:`_PD

$



K+Z
M(GM`L[%


MR+S+*.B(.?XM193G2:X]2TFQRS$+BV5Y7!;Y=


`-?N6ED;TD'-5*FR25J

$%``&``@````A`(T`

)`;+;;EX2\!S.




M=F`KQ*.!?LG-$CSL7#S]T.W`=VGEK*#[2O\0A\^
[TH-VQU!1::P9?YRSU0&


_3.@K\E?
$GF9'S.82XXT1Z0EAM@+D

MO$%

M-/#[+3'@L25!=+8:A2%F8
E@890YOB:S`8\MB8)@8@EBPLX2;SX?1U.
SKJH

KQ3B*CMRSF2-59A`-3OF_3Y`!
M3U5%$U6(@1XY=]BDM5.$H/`P#/Q%3S&2MKA&F@%/I4T;&S&8UYL%KNOVB=$Q

M``#__P


MQS

M.N6A:#;5X6GM_O/WMYO8=;H^/VSR?7



MK/95_ZZ#NDY=W'Y_.C1M_KB'=;^Q(].L?6'2?BZ*MJF:[;]L)Y2'2ZYL1+

M\J0R\-@TSPKZ?:


ME0KI.L5+US?U?PAB)A0&X2:(`/9FG*]X+)D


MK3
W6/%\;@H
NKK.PT^A]7T4X0$6E6UGFSTP)H8HLR?6('7+H0:)D[(Q`@)
MM6+2#X0DS#(+$$;^^7V+5K$E@+;M




@F&04PQ@(G._8
ML#J;'6B[0#:%MMMB

Y429
ML=E'4D0#?YO;(KMG4[\/B)VG!F-RXK
H)NPS&Y%(%@U;V2:WR/#9U/$#ZO@&


IP9PJS@^#A):<#8EE'(S.
MFC8]9=6SNRA7:+L=R,%.3<TA9M0.S%OZB3TY:0?*-B)X]K%MJ&^K)(-TSZ4&
M@QH%'2R3Y69!4@B<:WH%S4%/FT*DA1U:C#(C

P@1
\G!T%K$5






4


M^=M$2483NMT=:5=:K69VGPDX6K`+M-^^WWVM=)L&%HZ$
:X/CP\_7-`:^^


-;2&*WO65IF`P_;@\::E6:$&52?/

@'\_%@V_.)6Y??855G[\MH\





M$P_PKHPP\R[C.)L4KUWXO+$%5UN%OT7)0H&3WQY\W+ZT\L&%!3K?B@IMJL
MNVY1DB!4-





M:=*N9I$$?N3_K)T64^BDV*1+;I-&.I2
TW4UXW0$PO/^XBFUR1?9BZLUG2;K

XEK4%`0N(X

H]RGB2__UK=O7M?0'%\?))*
MRN




MMF3=[8/MKXK5;/*757GD7^WOO?KJFZ^KR3=?+[]Y







M'_TX*


V78#X\4&Q

MO)(





MHR\!_J`9.8/]\/;*Y03?XNDZLU)#TME[8N(OXJO#UX]]0@S=]40[
(7YY^L-

MQ




M/I67N
IZH
?A/_Z2T-[;FM=.EUHRVBNN4QC%

YGJXI1T6\U



MP^B'0[UZ.%'Y0Z'3FD4FZX+%+_`K[X0=N$:NQ6H%]%C\'DCF&SO.U\?W=]
MH/&GP
'C\F
YG5OTV


!X-X]TIW

B.FEW5;OTQ/

M\-#0YM3&@.:*K(F2VRM%G`JERT;
]-#(:
Q


?3K][\_;]^:^+-V^/3XY.+M:Y_\&
F+5KX^NL#GIC'/RX



(G+F[+


MQ1^'
]


C05^]+DN3#

%5*@O#3BNZCA7W;?KYH3NS[
M;J'-XX9Q\6FR]&8.VX

\

\==H1;_0



9#C8:!,873VOR,]LS(AB8
M_-C3SV`CJ\M-YL9#<S$]0L3H@H:Z?5AXRM3\313J7R-.40!EG?2$4$32NFB


7:&BI9V?J128=.E_!UF*02^V(0O!F



MYC'=#Z@I5(`Y-

M18Z20PC!VI

M(B#D8FP\XT%


M6DXGN#H2U0X7:F[+^
NQ

23Y*[TB;BK8CCA)Z_X#V&<A!0[B]MD.F0N


M73[G-I?U2//T;:MK_@TFA-S*);SM!MZYO%
6;!AUQ
Y+PH['H_ASKZ]8HP
M!#;U&?3%







M`9W-W.\I^@$2.7C]M$LLK\1?4*)=BYG.?$4&




!96RNB&V0JZG'%?GK*;8(G:KDZZ']NJB

M=59]ZOXK(;

M4WH/9L?SJ'4/#HE


#



MUS*/R$+/Z6C7Y`^0XGT3@A,@%'Q(PP0:P68#3LG'.S7OO#/)

U^0.?GQV/J)W@&].+;1^=D8E
M1)!\3Q%M*G;Q#8BHO9BHB9'G-)Q\-9'!VY\71=0B1NMAT*P^5UG6^;A$VK
M^;H@#7Q)I/G',*;?I#D0L=[]B^B:I[A.O2@2_LZMTMC%!<=<9N
JA@6:UA_
MQ/F1*O[%J^U]%_F5#/A!*9%P/C`6\.+IT&L!(G4F$WM,*12PAW!?N\EF^(]
MH0ITU-IM;1R'V-9M%-1.[;9*6U@`*8_R$G9!HR(9!!1,!:19PE4_J/:?67[
MJHT&.G*UF#&#Q6?6(W'E[CH66HES\+R85#]&M9&B



M`1(:5/N;W]
B.$#A




MDK^6B[GS3AU$N7+SV-&2+9PJE=%FN#1$8]T


M^8Y16&YR`NUXPM1@=%@)+K'H]E`#PH@07]
\-:M#Y5H[(B?\JG2]XBC7(BSO
'Q4O][;H7?COA8LZD^L?)38G9+_G1*;W<UEZ_X[K1E]Y)0;

MQC48R=/07H'!K_^DZI+@JU.U*1EN]D.+:`)S%-:!'J128]7Q8JT:I:?WR0#9

MPX!8\Q$
&-'9


:)4:A?:C#





MB5+.0\9ZKOW)]BM=5M5QH!Z\^B
BQ]14FKUSV1@@PKY/R$ENAZ3XP0N:\!_(

V@#HC2%Q033H=VZ/?BUW?@2
MS

MP4U5]+!









X(O
O1#0GK[][

M]\/]JV`6DZ2#-MA:EQ$)D%08YRMH/VGO;!]HYPX(V5]/LW5"HL$3Y:3$+-
MR#IT4IV^WB1Y&[6!9


M&*\TOUE[R8_I';7)!`X!_4Z#J/+ZL

V4%G

MQW$976Q%#]2NW7X
4#2_2/)8)EXJ:
W
NA`#C'J?N%QAI)@$*B=

[+5O:68!V80&
MSNMRQI

MRU';BYY






@M]G#?!UV$[-`SI11%6/1
.U&NR='6.X`PQOS@T




6W'6GMW:W'ZQ_ZOV(\AR9#(W0@B?
M]??-I28A:_(1D._)];6%ER)L&/?S3QXE)9EV5L]P'_@5N4]2'B\Y,\5XK@,7
M86X)E<<!,N].UY@LQ7-L/GR7E$*+4X
3\0V@#QH3;&\@R6B6NPL*/S9;





TP^;_%2Y19?GS6@[Z6%XV5RDZ2
MU@ZHZ1(-Z._5JP.*P9YSI1$F\X=S@9G.7#^MT#








M]



:BKO89^*S1A*+WU4-H_1PP97GJ
MJ5TMI&]=:`6NF3



MK




M8G))IQ!N97I50U1*PI8Y$2!J%




'WTHU+K#?A#2D%*VX+&


M/[G;8LI=:H+#S`C?6

MVL2Z
-UBD.;B#T3K-CJF#%.4KIW6WA5;5U:2'!E
H5]JW*M(8W@4#G')
#


Z)=DY&^#

*ACQ6*#;I3R'E)5F.65Z&^B2FGW\

MF8TIM2NJ1F.0=
.M1$#3%NH6EF6DHE^.FQ/W&[2\Z442%DVX
M`P2!P*X]K!
5PD:)B-1?HQUV.!K`%94O7^9BWI!&D

VJVRC^1WU@8I$7)_Q
MMBL5`(`J7@U45T1[49`W



AZ(PXQZR<BM97O-N-5JTFAK
M-33W)%`Y:Q?*
XO&:G5TIPC,^/Y96E&.HY(H'8
%9N-+

<Y_UAAH;J.-@TNX]*!
A#8.I]-$1.*U333[[:3'LU@PC
MM*CTCB@]HPT(QWYKYL

MI_N?VI%`)F5OS*6_(WNXP36/#3:5':M9SL_RVZ%&33Z;S\*EK];YLP:]P.:7
M@WB%K%Y+(&/``'2J-YA9?D@E9KNC

M
M9TXVX8U?169:P_


M2ZU=;6L



C#-A
PS'20K/0;%+)[

M*7FOHN\_(C]D8



M`NQ3OQG%2HQQ]^B4I$.)

BG!;=9W@F'U5X4




A
;$-BVT
MF'J\4IW%HJHA^0CI-X];]5J0[1O9S-T/B.#Z$&*P:M,$HWH_V;OW)?BNK([
M_I=+E*14U@60DCR7%351LA%(@&AD1U7*G\`W9*($4UHVK:F\C#S+/-D^7YK
MK7TY^YP&-+Z
IR95
[($Y^RS]]KK?BV*DT5T*YKT3+]F\#MXN$:-B6OS]\DI

C*
M#G(6G_74I0P[5JU^?!/T+0E!#WCCF`IZSA;!Z-0SK9:S
D\%S**+!C!SRFKI

M:AFDSOQBI[SM`TO]!7U3GM5.WZ+32(U4VHK%5)1^H]B8U4IW\[R^`W$T)L



6C4$^AA
!G+02^EO#
M_0:8W];ZIGVA#NT+NG&*OG1S\ER1;F/X*X)F#S*;=;H!G*CSW$+\ZE83GV'L
M(U(?*0NWG1]*R[5[4O`M`7=&D:M,G?YU?+;L.A_X.S`373-X-
N:DF_1]%
M+O'`EN0'%%@2-CM;LHVRRG\O+[S^+*NXZ;EU;CKZFLH[:^C@1A;R`M%


\QAQ:$$J0*8G'IOF

7DJ@;W^V7P%#QPMFM9)M.V;
MF+B



3J&3#Q`CET16*PS#`F,_6F@73QU3TAZ'-J1E&3$$Q7H0`D83N6R6
ME*JJ5J5-)WT]#6;7:W8(#8SA`Z:KHI`M7SY=MW;'5ST_;,XDGSLF]MT%.
M*B^^Q]+E6\;5F

XJA-Q1LA52^D.ZE55AV?MTDHVJ6NZ^


Y


MNXK,9JY:2A6PMI:CC:A^
`6^BU1OSJ2G/][-U6B7NIV9GM#ST'RO]T#
@-
MO&YZU(FS-\BS7DU-&C%

M5OLE^-I%6L;3WR(!X)E47_P[?F`D.Z)1HU)4/]UK-_E/=H?[\$S#*;[N



LM7[+`?$@!^&*XL








&O#!8CK=

M

G\8@DUPKO3M!\ZT_V@+BA.$):;6!G\@$QC;M[F0$!Q?EW+#(5Q
MP7

J3/]0YW
M:]X+6^ZT%G9:

M


M.9UR;/R_


M.1J[&18F\#KA1MC`'6'R$T_7X^._)2Y]((7&O`S_2'PYJM'\EL&N7X@O_TJZ


M886K


)73HZ--K&-EYXOA\I
MB99XEX]2HC*!%\2$.



CM
WI-
M@D'Q`'F'++'WAK(Q8Y

([?2


M_:AG/%KRVBC@\_[SZVYX%/W6!JNG

MSD3$90KXQXBTO=XMOE:2V3OV43(*N@=PFI2#U
[

M1
\C'O[!4COKX+B6GRL)&QN<)NQT,MLDX+9F*%C7G*D$V*D"
M_*.ZL9K^UGD878M,_4H@#TL.(#0CS4,6X5N<83X_%&!
TOI^?+RG




M#LO4$4$@!93=AJ9]?J9J2(@^;#@GC/R64?=6WJI49S8ATA%DJ8[+(YVJ[I


\_3TM=[Q]U

M]SY%`=0IE$YVO+`IWZ2K
ATU1GD]KL$TV^EJ

M![


M($[-8UJN/'YB\6M\/6GL



:+M=+


MR*2@((%/LY$PZ(WE%I)ST=G^#.
FC&[^ZQ!R/8V_PFS9I1@;PA4?!S%1Q6

MJ[$=J#F:JV;AX_`\U]H(7U)=08O?SFU[+:
R:D)FHNK2/+`DY8N%\RL?$L*A




'M
&AI
MT=YFZ\#:S5O72/UFO2C'`'!'


MEUUM(/X-'.P'7I1;XH`-.V%+E7^]*


0C!.`ZE6HW9*O39=(


M1VQ`TL(%`U5MI?[FY-



K.KJ_/7;O/GBMK
M]9/H)HGR4['30A(!?3JK)8.+OPI_@G[Y%Y2^1
A+59K32.)#CY]
7G\YV?GW
]#(:^.<=<&%PIX#DS0[#)
[EEV(OS$
M-9!J?H$U$NDPW`Z;













7YMMCINH&J'1/I99

70#'M`9]B)SG_N
ML#.A%RXHBYB*QLKGVHVB5F-!:R^S`QIPNF-C%:[(O9`GP[F9UJZW)^4ZU.CV
S\VF[SR
2+MN?K9I
TCYW([!'_SMZ27W/
M^4J:GAR

M*F):X&%RW1U3

A?9/QR?/UT=A&QDGA77EXP(B?



T;6G
MCM=7[S7!]U;I/WJT\KS#1[J#3K]!9(*


MX):'REBU]D&3
^:R'I);Z=HHF[DZI86=1Q'[:Z29#V''%G]Y[]'D+6]_
3'3

M`0E3-Q5MRH.%X
959]*^?3=3$9_Y887I/2!=*&+#^\!GL-*D;;3+DF6[5`X[

^WCK^XX844:EM)

M







9;\HZ?`47KFM


`$$\_%L?FD`D*$Y8ZS.BF`
`*:3R6PRFALF
M_
\R8?\(9.MTHJNV*D&@R*H$@2*KLJ)^('SIY$_0W%L4H0*+(J0:#(JE/)
M&7BJW*H$@2*K$@2*K
J*8(FQGU#Q;%*$BR*D&@R*K2BL\T`\^56Y4@4&15

$(K@TM


MK4
J--HZIJNLD%]*L;$T\

%#
GR:GO`*07*-0#C;\=*6V+R01!8?42DJ=`N&Z$'P



2:H);@94A$&P*

2;S!4I4B*056.+$QAJ$J1







FBJJ6J]JL6I:@.^
M0DM=

M

MJF@9SS


MB*?;59JR#8A+27$@Q#KL`P2OA5:G%2KK)/EV*81V9?G3'_^0NWU2BX0WY
MX`;PS]J%]J;-89+GA(Q#NX/K@=W[L#=(KCA9PU7R4)_F9Q

M
J$%7M.5%E!(5I0&;@(CM*;W)46L$]HC4%:0@M^C]B9%FS,2VGA%KTEPF[
M%;KB@B$I+5[W$T'=FU5V9)M9UPHL@@N2JNP(X8[H04B=Z55V!$,1VF!R%UI
M%78$A(264RZTBKL%:@M,#=NM+*[6BX0BMB:#N+ROMR/LJ[CP3P45I%7;D
M?74LZ*N45F%'WE=1Y*ZXCL5:(O$S[H2JNP(Y\G3
$\064L[


M
B].BL/VDK^*%\3HB/!YQ&10C=/NT\.[#C,'K6<#=E3HXW^D20W%_


[]S\^

$%``&``@````A
M`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!



MEINX[85*)9N5BO1A&



_

M'D4=3$M-
J0C)Y`6BW9I!'Z9E^D

2H0?$N:8


]KDJ@^]Q-T/T








M;JI)6@8




M5:J9AJ'
M[0B

I
M.!_J@]GT%3M7


#O[LX4)-^#EF%KL8HX=3-08F&X@
P(6RO@:%UV49P*+%#


B-@D43PS+N\3*W:

\$BW3SAWBW4BDQ7
MG=MUF;GIM


`4$L#

-R$
-(&Z`%BJ*/
TU1%A%1%$@Z
M3OZ^2](/Q6[3Y&*)WN'

H@0CWC-5BWY3X9\_[JZF



S*/'Z%T;(]97F+2(R(&T:
RJ(V5
M74TGT)G7



MA+


M.%6;JENE59JF79X)QC:J


9)L_M`.
M2M-U#[Y?LBEE.VZ_.*&7@FEE5&

M1C5OZ*:WW]3V



M.VK+C^*^@[B
D`


A(P05=6I.F?

;-Y$Y&(R[\;*XR5W&C_9OX1+Q(T?B








*'AWDT5$*#-T.+@R49SO+




N\VAAAF@[5Y/JZW_2-8Y6?G!;C
8]*VF%V[\]_B)

(\1

(A8W(

MB$3`MT:L;$2F$
KWW&BPE
$&G*X


M



W)@A$G


M-#)R4P??+6$NID[9LAH3

`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0M++.:00``


R%.@A9PA-G-
M[K_O&-O$'_0J*_5ELSDY'N;
&7O
]NM[4SMON*



#'(^5R5.2?G:


#-_P2*5I(8$X*_35*PU
L9N4[[2GC3_<!(2H7@07P2!3Q'$


M&1FZ#X(IS1


+@S*:?CCQF5D/66.^'`H*2D;NR\1

M[


(U




M?!'=_PL``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`#H+F@^_```C28``!D```!X;]W









=
-D'E^IQ/?SJK4I_-AS?WW&!



M\T:+


.)..


7QY(7)Z

=9=`72(7QY(7)Z('-!
M[H+!:4!+&5@6[4Z=_.,%N8]7H(_ZML28S^XXWTD:KM4D(B0F)$D)20C



Q9MVZV&]'[/3LGNO]MTT#PS[3\\#%,^*G9;%L161!([/YQ':JN
M4


9W/Q)(8EMB2N=1#2F9M2VE(.%<2@DZ.%(*`U&#BRI`$E$.LW2+




M50EOS#!1\4


MI8Q`QCUOV==]L%$9**(HIBBA**4HHRBGJ*HM)`M`RNX/R&#K,_-!!'(21#G
M(-]ZRDHG$$QM4HH2BG**
HI*B@J+60KP^KD3R@CRFHK002R=A(H^@F**$


:)K?2[::-U3B7#XGDX7G4R!Y8RN-Q3:\9WF


=;+%B





HIBBA**4HHRB

M3)*S6J9MH2W+D-3+O'V*(BF)+



FOA:WTTFFM-LGW7J#P;MFG.C#(K
M+CI36-6?T:@.AR(G?I6_EN32
I&:G+
6WK\Y%==&J)7Y9^3*K'YYO7[)J_(*





;*D.]$5GM!!B9I1@A(D037P6!

?6)`#Z]0H:$;Y/5!?2D@$B`2
M(A(A$B.2()*.B60'+#(/V$&C.SM$$CM&('=!/$1\1`)$0D0B1&)$$D32,9$2
MA=&1$F7KXX0NT.VIR%]V%=LR;]2#`^L@6QVIB)P_(\YRR!\1GQ&W.Q1T.@$G
M,JCBC'EB@G[(&%MA$B
E)M_^8EJLXPY^S`PW=7R*D&O<:PKVD)US5D553]OR&3_3<C;?6
MH72$43=*!S9Q43M413:'$9M:/&RV2_FM/!YD]P7FWVQFR\T'D1+]VT[LQQE


((5/OX_93S4SJ6EDRC
M)SOLVL_


(HQBC!*

(HQBC!*)60G#
]I#Z0
SO32CDS-*IM#^XZT3@C%.H$*,(HQBC
M!-ZX3J\!



MV\E*B11%F^398QJP!KN1[1EF_S[5-]
7+V(VX6$8CJNKZ]2I[FKWZO-[
*`V
MYZ6W]




MBD8&=\8E8AQ\RW%W)_1XYI@063F4FU5'K@Y4-R2GOY1TK:`4G$D%^-2C)M^3
M!+2@3IZHE[4+RQ+2W4








34

%]Q4:J?MR
&N];0I(/5':4&9#N0W1RQ.Z\W)?




M970Q




M=4/@Q&'7#IQCZ&F(U4`1'E?I?+(DCY`YUF
V`0/7`9



02*XK_I$WC4%
[=T`I]#6P^[P
M;5FGKMPO]Z?9.M@97L#




E(IA/'M\
O)!


!7(!D(3P








%;')H.7#&'

M*2E((7`@%W7+H@0HTJ&80Z-K$@Z)WM+H4QXU?C'CT

M4B
JRQ2#%#


LL6!0LX(\#X

MXP[N[D`[N/&!NUH$YR5[`L(?
.[X#_BT-=S^KO\%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(


MD;8\YSW



46@*YGD/?Y9M4V;P8\).!P=\W)(^?X#M2!6$DF
:SM/RTM

8X:L1




M!5$[1$4UAQ.I=A`)&/%&`T-$(CZ*]5+D-1LCG02-2A')9!W%`&A)%`/N)TJB



M5%L+:F;RZEC:SJ1B*[7OV!&*_TC])0*-TBE''M@@35.W3PS$FY5#FKK_

8
MHP2C%*-
06K.I)G\0LXD7-M:&%)R1B@@!RTP4(H*
8HPBC%*
$HQ(D=)XQU9
MSNQHB!TEU&5[+'?E^=P91?-CGU@P&8U8'8FM9WZ\+LUE?G






)Y4
W'A!?S-091Y4L./Y=&K+B5/]K@H/WML/H^]
M/

DG:$6
MFE+O*)43W

Y*

$;@A'
M

MCX#6-)#(``06BPE(\_L0:$UZ3J$A)RL
^'T.M*9^3HR`X'YQT%L'0&O2^R8:


MP##9
A-$C$B(`(D-4)H


_W




M

!8(ZSD91H/(@?H37(RXB`F.)@VZ^`J
M7:(UZ0D9YH+8@OH3=2
6(AA`]-'#O0FH64`
.DM9)@+8BL6H#=1
[(`WJ.T


R^BHL





PG$$&@O^/2^B630/



M7`Z.UY

[&!3^

^?

GIC2738;B
$(!:ZC

_O^ZLEK0A34YJV;`,O3-;M:?
M/ZWV4CWJBC$3`$.C
U09TZ88:UHQ070H6];`FT(J00P\JA+K5C&2NR11XTD4


M6UYS\^)(42!H^E`V4I%M#;Z?XRFA!V[W
*(7GJI96%H

\M$



*6OO5PN^G(&W80)


S_OM4W?0\74=;C;I^K@]OVUAP]GBH_3\_-AMZ]/NV_'


M05Z!DGUQWC\_+O\

R^O_B\G+ZT9X/3W\=WO92;3E.



MARS8%%%&/Y78.)%'#$[NO9[4.)'OO1/IERA&9@Z6[[T8Q4
0;^Z10L[.;E3D


M=]`]#JW?;FQ*S:3=J(1%@DZMTLTR_*V+:#BSSD



_VO##!MY

18PL43B7D]PNGCL(K)YJ@9:`ALS1&


`)T).^FCPL


D9*AH'**Z.
M#-0'*(K?RC;[`E3WXQ.T(?AAAM%CEQ8IOJG0$IQP`B-`1YDG/G^K/`HGRJ
4




P+2&T6


&P+#0#]QD(0I3@9;@*SD!UMQ
M%*!9Q6U7-])XX/,HCP.ABN6M]5.X43M5.*RTP#6:W#)
13O@*
TGOBKIYA
(-8%I0#\RM$@


M:+0

M!U#+2$-6^BQ+(K1S5(!1\D]`M8&&M:%Q+

M391'V5`

C?MAMOUV
M/RV!X01&^!DH^&_51/%$380?[2@-9+:#J0*O

M




M&F6CCJ5Q+
RQM(Z%.Q8QMD`14-5#C

I/5$(YO@
2:\@J+[\[':+;
MHI5A?*K5!*8A

S*^/#+U;O8N@'?V+4$/PPPYC!BP*<+;4$)YS`-21_-3=3@DH]T3)
MI&[DSZ15$R63\VQ(K*'^6N$'_R:U(E1

'

'IH5D&8!G)+0H/#8[$C
H

1@Q*
BH`*;FC(D1


M='




7S-=R.(!(M_DP<ET@HWI!4+I(!]UE(T#:P:DJ')
MWY]B];C^#GG9&D@RA`B*2&\(G4Y@UU$$U6R*]S-W8Z+!FHG.I*:6X`6(W5&3

MA2'L/


SAI
&

MAU8A7-9!$KVG@XF


/:B!

MQMPB3`SD#@8[LC0DY&`&


F&`8]G$HPUDV(K'_$Q
3W$8
R#(Q^PH=G9G$.QWDCCF(OGR-/@@:

5R`HW
M

M])-




MT6.N
HUC^Q2O3
8@

M;K^_(8?#.2+-Q



M\^.G_P$``/__`P!02P







M]V[0\[/'NQOSY6G_LOGT0
?]VV2VN4MC=_\#PS_N[E[VA_WGXP4-=QEV%(_Y

M=O=_WSUM26TZ3_X


CFM^[O]]W]

MJIG01E_KV
2.L]RQ.:DC#=OM-_U-6Z2-O[*+B]B!_J8.IVUI&3O2W]3QM&.C


M-J5DV/
^2?\H1RDY_2@?_3#OSTD\RKX#75B_?FBNYN\N?Z6+X2[&W&+

M4X3/?#]L6P-1`UD#50-=`U




M


$B``B@2@@&H@!8H&X


MB


J4;C




P6`R&7K/629(O;([[:-R

MXC*


$HB4H@T(H/((G(






UW6-B]'





JRI=IJ.N^GTK(7XG]0T^UN=<I*N^#2:CL.*!M
MW-.P6T/:QH!NE[BVX^SY`NUY1EG)HL56([0J<B9-G:B;])D;6-43-G&_U/5
MQS)U*U









2H5`6ONL*@*C%D&JIT6'S[T]FJ6D/2J5.V


U+$7ER[1-JC$$@J%V'P^G2RG\^I6)5-0


M$B1$%:C%*(%((E*(-*#R)R#'$9QI4;]#L:=2$6$3WQDD[]&E&+22B!0B


M@#^HP&$\R#ZI
(@]J3!(/




M?;S804[U?G

'G5D:5)'-]_OQC#YX]W1YO1_GY<U\,<TSA]]






^%CN-
M0USY0KI[B`K*T2


6#K+!`*W2(%=A&1:C*(5(
\1E

Z
MQ&IOHR)4891I!GB,H5=MK4OV[N8/]EDT#D+B\Q5K[#)+.45V!`5:IWJF(N#
MNO(=9^TS)O0L6*$^B!CM8]K+8CQ1XW&]W;6PCAB[JT/FBDB4G?P=%Z)=G8L



M8@$JUY&B?$?MQTK
TR!;-WN83


MQ#1)$W(=V32E.L+6X3O28HCR@_ES8^'6:$Z%`_+#8T([`+OMO494(5*(-$/\







]OH[GG.T3'=/]I:T05(H5(
\1E#O+O







$%``&``@````A`'Q9


MK$L!$;BT(\VK`F^3_':)R6;M\_-3\(

\?$



MF
K^O4








5+%3I``_/6:&EL#*E*^K_T0

H-6?2VQS


M'*[WLU(`C:%S#042



@D!%)WA;$C3F+-386X%`





MH)Q(:[6MP?L.TOX0MGPC==8WW+N\7P.SM_QA`$&BF*#=F@*`P4F*D?PN






M



':'C5MD!-*7<NN38O+?VB0Q:@HB<U(H&4D]F3D

M&*&YI*0P6`OW/N-NH,[\-\,

`LCXM2[PGR%92?@2=L9RI.
M=
MB[N+L%



MV

MKH?/D%FGH#4S38DD8`'WU`\5VDBAC2D;A^.3]I:DR&U(!JY.@'@/^3LH10




HO=/Z

M[D\(D*]%28Z6\*U6JJK3]IHE3H(VA`C8KW_?
;;!]J31;MN;9?-D_.)Y/9B)

MVY]_6K_5S7-[(J0S0.'2;LQ3UUT]RVJ+$ZGR=E)?R06^.=1-E7?PL3E:[;4A

9&&G/

M


ZJ\EJ



HEA;?]I:6$UJ
HCE=F8
'=8M!;J

M\(;*4&]$5KX`HUF.:M5.1(@A@0Y'40ZB'60Z#5028!Q0A7
^+V8RYJ@49O


:(_4G
MJ%BRO&4)O.BX(S_J*^3Z%7NHH&H/)\O1'D01MQY_Y9QIO9

M$MV$X^J]`@\:W0AN#M



M
4HP2C'*%*1Z03M(V8O[[P;-9R@)];,YTC)66Y+^0]$A$(\,,(HQBC!*,4H
M4Y:

$HQ2C.A1TGA'EC
[&F)'


!1]G[3_8/F]F*\D#0JITE7=*FW2-.WC
MV3$&K&*
;*=I__VN

MT58Y_O7S_NH:(V-I6]!&M3S'+]S@F_7'#ZN]TH^FYMPB8&A-CFMKNXP0PVHN
MJ0E4QUMX4RHMJ86EKHCI-*=%OTDV)`[#.9%4M-@S9/H2#E66@O$[Q7:2M]:3
M:-Y0^


+W`\L\VV)
+2(@_46_PCEJZ


$2F7A;GO;BY?''7._!4




MXC@0O:^T_R'*?0@VX5/`B)Y6SXZT(XU&NS/G=#`0=1*C.#3=_WZK;./83H#T


M816.)H/Q=#@B8!X\







Z&X#Q;
M-
GJQ+!X.Q^Y36J8A;X1`C5)VHC8Y:+#*W.
5CZ0Z;1'T\N-+I28-#VAH6@]

M1B

B4YH;
^
MC:(4RHX2TV;B='V

^)GW2U*IF1^D2.GIEIJDG='=RTKIE1S-2ULKI?^D6-;IE

M55C_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`I8`+ZPT

MO4`+%
5M^^QUE
38V`IL[Y_[[7LH4A)G#NM$05_6F]\







MQU.]^X]WRL)4?I)9F`2?B4G.#
S#0'R&@;/Y159
%^[+SXPKPCA\AG'G_6%M
MLL1G\
]P`)SY@D48@

Z<VI1+(H:(C8E(9RG3.=\TSEF&

MYG.^WLY9ANQ)7&\B)1%#Q

HRL

RH9&496(!FF$Z4HS.;D\KENS[R^B1P\




I-!)7%Q\NMCM
MO-I*EV&NJ)

(RN0S
II5Y35.]WME4Y$'HM?*#ZA

M$6:G:7&!]96XVT#IMB%DV

7-



MJ&1D&%F!9)A.9Z

$M&AI$5
M2&3E[A'&69UOF\9;'M(!13&M&)6
#,KD`P3)]8!83IO%:9'#
NL-+C5=YY




HRL0#+R0:)9L&@&
M)`K





@S$1U_@;F+#'M9@63D@Y1QSLH8D@P*R-[&496(!FF4D;7VOGE


`4757#$J&1E&

:I)H+5LV`1/%9-=G+

M



MLSBREV%D!9)A*G'\Y$7W@E4S(-G:F=Y/]EYMF4M&AI$52*2T'*2:C;=4S8#B
MRC


MD+)@#'[Q3UE0:_S(GK*@UOBM.F5!K?V)0W=\CEKC)];$F!G&X&&KE`5C_#-W


^2/]U\2

`





VS\9


MY









M5I\''J+VB[L]




U.6:_

L&
M?[`!NK]/K/\%``#__P

MKL!Q-
.(=TR5HJL+_.OG_=4*(V-I5])6=;S`+]S@F\W'#^N#TH^FX=PB8.A

M@O$[Q?:2=S:0:-Y2_6;1O3FR;9)722ZL=]?\64[(%B)UIA7SPI1I+E#W6G
M--VUX/LY7E!VY/:#
$01$1V50NUS9@9VRR]:5<ALF3F62MV7F_R/CP+`Y)\7/
MTW3D#<H!L_`-<^IG,17R/9+!KT7JEL'Z4]%7Z<Z@



M``#__P


!1]G[3_8/F]?(4D+0JITE7=)FW2-.WC
MV0$#5@$CVVG:?[][
:%QJ5KV`OAR?
['@+;PJI&F9@J4I?=XJSO-_4U'X4!N_8:*EEB%1<SAD48B
W\KLT/#6

(\]:24-%GRM6RE8OL:?#^&
M

EYP0ZU



IE`^;&8N`Z
M8L(1X8/HJ`QJ\Y41C



F_
U6*5I.:%\`9





5LI'O1




&G@
F'1`QB`[*H':^
H)1&5W!5&Y#


`G\:P.#7\#522(`5UJ[XP)GUO`K6?\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(




Q1U+KAJMLDS.I+90O





]*(ZY9W2B:

M\
96SPTW?0VU!VAQ0EI=3F3@/XJ_X'*B&B;Z`8VLUT3/G&I!LVXDD`IK43YM









M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````G)%!2\







]$7P0``/X-
M```/`````````````````.T*``!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%:GI#V$`@``T`4``!D`
M````````````````E10``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-BYX;6Q02P$


M:&5E=#
U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!60N^^P`(``.H&```9````````
M`````````-

M:&5E='

RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`F`K(:'0```9!@``




M
YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`47.O\PP#``^```&0``````````````



M;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!D$JY:G@L``*-F
M```-`````````````````$.M``!X;]S='EL97

M```A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!
`````````````````#+D``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H
M96UE




D.*7`@``1`8``!D`




2YX


3





M971S+W-H965T-BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$``43I]`8'``$'@``&```

M%``&``@````A`!KBVZR?$@``)VX``!D`````````````````EQ@!`'AL+W=O






M971S+W-H965T




C$N





O87!P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(
M````(0GG[SWE0```*D````0`````````````````*]Q`0!X;]C86QC0VAA


0\``-IT`0``
!````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
150
000
000
150
000
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
26
666
667
        


        
        
        
        


        
66
666
666
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        
$ 6
138
$ 6
138


        
18
000
        


        
(3
243)
(2
559)


        
$ 20
895
$ 3
579




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        


    
    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
138
    
    
    
6
138
    

    
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
243
    
    
    
(2
559
    

    
    
    
20
895
    
    
    
3
579
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 74
856
$ 164
552


        
        
        


        
        
2
383


        
30
663
        


        
        
44
329


        
173
000
        


        
$ (128
995)
$ 117
333




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due. For example
 selling terms of 2/10, net 30 entitle a customer to a 2% discount for prompt payment within 10 days
 otherwise full payment is expected in 30 days. Discounts are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
4
355
590
55
217
258


        
        
        


        
$ 445
000
        


        
445
000
        


        
149
963
        


        
        
        


        
500
000
        


        
425
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Fair value
 warrants issued
594
963
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
33
000
        


        
        
        


        
20
000
        


        
20
000
        


        
        
        


        
20
000
        


        
64
000
000
        


Common stock issued
 value
640
000
        


        
        
        


        
160
093
335
        


        
        
        


        
13
333
334
        


Fair value
 warrants issued
122
807
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Feb PrivatePlacement [Member] | Scenario
 Adjustment [Member]
        
        


Fair value
 warrants issued
29
799
        


        
541
201
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
26
883
924
        


Fair value
 warrants issued
94
115
        


        
$ 874
228
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




Company and our wholly-owned subsidiary and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.&#160;&#160;All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.


 share and per
share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22
701:1 of common stock for
each share of Brands stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger as if the exchange had taken place as of those dates.




principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.




including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses and notes payable to approximate their fair values because
of their relatively short maturities.




records an allowance for doubtful receivables
 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which may be unrecoverable.&#160;&#160;The
allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&#146;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness and current economic
trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential
for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 no allowance for doubtful accounts was required.




 raw materials and finished
goods held for distribution.&#160;&#160;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.&#160;&#160;In
evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount of inventory
on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory
 remaining shelf life and the current expected
market conditions.&#160;&#160;Adjustments to reduce inventory to its net realizable value are charged to cost of goods sold.




expense.&#160;&#160;Shipping and handling costs were $3
267 and $0 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents


original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances at several financial institutions.&#160;&#160;The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&#160;&#160;Federal legislation provides for FDIC insurance of up to $250
000.&#160;&#160;The
uninsured balance at December 31
 2014 was $254
358.




their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method.


are incurred. Improvements and betterments
 which extend the lives of the assets
 are capitalized. The cost and accumulated depreciation
of assets retired or otherwise disposed of are removed from the appropriate accounts and any profit or loss on the sale or disposition
of such assets is credited or charged to income.




reset provision of the Company&#146;s warrants to purchase common stock which prohibit the Company from concluding that the warrants
are indexed to its own stock and from the provisions of its' convertible notes payable.&#160;&#160;For derivative instruments that
are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued
at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in operations for each reporting period.&#160;&#160;The Company uses
the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model to value the derivative instruments of its' outstanding stock warrants at inception and
subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 815 and a binomial valuation model in connection with its' convertible debt.




 net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms).
Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations.




payment awards made to employees
 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant
 as subsequently
adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 8).&#160;&#160;Common stock equivalents are valued using the Black-Scholes
Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
 an expected dividend
yield of zero
 the remaining period or maturity date of the common stock equivalent and the expected volatility of common stock.
Shares contingently issuable based on the future value of the Company&#146;s stock and the common shares outstanding at a stated
future date are periodically revalued at each balance sheet date based on the common shares currently outstanding and the current
traded price per share.





 which requires the use of an assets and liabilities approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when realization
of deferred tax assets is not considered more likely than not.


if any
 for interest in interest expense and for penalties in general and administrative expenses.


 2013
and 2014 are subject to examination by the tax authorities.




$31
560 and $5
843 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW
M86-C



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y934P-&,U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A
M93DW86-C,S)F.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.64U
M
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0TA!/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3U)'04Y)6D%424].7T%.1%]/4$52051)3TY3/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1T])3D=?0T].
#I.86UE/E-5


O4VAE970Q
M




T0B5V]R

O



T0B5V]R

051%1%]005)465]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E
\+W@Z


#$S7T5154E4
#I.86UE/D-/34U)5$U%3E13/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U54T51545.5%]%5D5.5%


M($A2968]


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE





M+U-H965T


C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


CDN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




M($A2968]



M54E0345.5%]$971A:6QS
#I.86UE/DEN8V]M95]


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




M+U-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4D5
051%
M1%]005)465]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E-?1&5T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E='
^#0H@

B






;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
M



]





M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C





]
T1T
M97AT/C`P
#$U
30U







]


M





]

]
T1T97AT/BTM
3(M









]

]
T1T97AT/DYO/'-P86X^











]



]


]
T1T97AT/D99






]







]



T1T;W`^/'-T





M;7`^








]








]
T1N=6UP/C

;V%N(')E



]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T


]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]

W
3QS

]







]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C(P

C
L

]






T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI





]






#`L

M


S(U+#(S
2!S:&%R97

2P@


M

]


]
T1R

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$Y+#4R


#0L


]



]


]





M
C`L




]



]

]
T1T97AT


T1T

#`P+#`P


]








#`L




]
M


M9VX]



]


]

#`P

@875T:&]R:7IE9X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP



5\Y
M9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S






]



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/C$U









]



M
C4L
#`P+#`P

#`L






]



S(U+#(S


]

]





]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#8V
M
RPY




]
T1N
M=6UP/C
Y+#0T





]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6UP/C

















#`L

U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S
M85]A93DW86-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R







]

]
T1R


C@L.3DU

M86QI9VX]







\+W1D/@T*


]
M


\+W1D/@T*






]
T1N


]
T1P

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S$W


]



;W-S(&9R




]


]
T1T

]
M

]
T1T

]
M








SDX+#





M


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Q
2PV
S`L






]

M=W


]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


BPV







]





]


]
M


30Y+#DV



T1T;W`^1F]R

@;V8@9&5B=!I;F-O;64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6T^*#(T-RPP



]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L-S4U+#
Y


]
T1R;SX-








]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#
P


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&ES






]


]

M

T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2]D96-R96%S92!I;B!A



]




M9VX]




T1T;W`^






]
T1N=6UP/CDQ+#@P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PW
S



M960@97AP96YS97

]
T1N
M=6T^*#


]

M=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4Y
2PP

M;3XH
2PQ
#

]
T1P


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


M9VX]

M=&EV:71I97

]
T1T

]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
RPP


]
T1N=6T^*#4P+#`P


]





]

C8P+#8Y-BD\

M.2PP




T

]




M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W,RPQ.3,I/'-P86X^/]S




M=&]P/DYE=!I;F-R96%S92!I;B!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S



]

]





]
T1R;SX-

]







S4P/'-P


M.64U
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEE-3`T8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A
M7V%E.3=A8V
S

#8N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M
$5*









M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#4P
BPW-3`\












]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#(L


]
T1T




C`L.#4Q+#
S

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T






M

@86YD(&EN=&5R97-T

\+W1D

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N


]


]


]


]

\+W1D/@T*

]


]
M


]


]
T1N


]










]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^*#(L.#


]
T1T97AT/B9N


T1T;W`^4V%L92!O9B!C;VUM;VX@86YD('!R


@:7-S=65D(&9O


]



M



M:&%R97



]

]


]



T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYA

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M



BPS
#4I






]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1N


]



T1T



]



]
T1R
















M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#

@:7-S

























]


]
T1T

]


]
T1T97AT



]
M


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]


]
T1T97AT/B9N



2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L
34R+#8V


BPW
S@L-#$T/'-P86X^

#$S/]T9#X-B`@

C4L
C

SDL-#0Q+#0U.#QS

]
T1T

]

#`I/'-P86X^






]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#
S
RPS

@

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


]


]


]
M



]











]
T1T

@









]






M



]


]


]


]



]





T1T;W`^0V%S


@=&]R(#DQ+#
S
RPS











]
T1T97AT/B9N


]


]





]


]


]






M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&)Y(&]F9FEC97)S+!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
S
S+#
S


]
T1T97AT/B9N


]


]







38P
M+#`Y
RPS













]
T1T97AT/B9N


]
T1N=6UP/C$V



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


]


]


]



]







\+W1D/@T*

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYA;!C;VUP96YS





M



BPQ-C8L-S`W/'-P






T1T;W`^
M0F%L86YC92P@96YD:6YG(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
BPP




S0I/'-P86X^


M


M
2PV-C





5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A
M8V
S


]
M

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M:6-I97


]



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M(S$V











M5&EM97

Q



@87


M=&EO;G





@;V8@=&AE($-O

M;G


T0G9F]N=#H@







M(&EN=&5N9'



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y934P-&,U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A
M93DW86-C,S)F.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.64U
M
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S

O









]





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

Q-#8[




#$T+!H87,@86X@86-C=6UU;&%T
M960@9&5F:6-I=!O9B`D

Q


@9&5P
M96YD96YT(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]B=&%I;FEN9R!A9&5Q=6%T92!C87!I

M;65S('!R;V9I=&%B;&4N($EF('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES('5N86)L92!T;R!O

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/B8C







M96)T(&]F9F5R:6YG(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9!C=7)R96YT



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&1O(&YO=!I


@=6YA8FQE('1O(&-O;G1I;G5E(&%S(&$@

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
M








M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4U5-34%262!/1B!324=.249)
M0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@





M:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H90T*56YI=&5D(%-T

38P.R8C
38P.T%L;!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!I


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;65D:6%T96QY('!R:6]R('1O('1H92!M97)G97(@87
@:68@=&AE(&5X8VAA




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





@86YD('1H92!D




@8V]U;&0@9&EF

M5&EM97

#L\8CY&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N
M='

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='




M;W)T(&UA='5R:71I97

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M



@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L(&YO(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@
M9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M)SXF(S$V




T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




Q-C`[)B


L
C8W(&%N9`D,!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE#0I#;VUP

M8V]U;G1S+B8C
38P.R8C

M97
@9F]R($9$24


@


M




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;F0@8F5T=&5R;65N='



@:7
@8W)E9&ET

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`G/B8C


M5&EM97


@87)E(')E

@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97

@:6YI=&EA;&QY



@86YD('1H92!V86QU92!I



Q-#@[*2`X
34@86YD(&$@8FEN

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/B8C



M='
L(')E8F%T97

M861J=7-T;65N='







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8V]G;FEZ97

@;6%D92!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97


M86QU97

M92!S:&%R97
@*'-E92!.;W1E(#@I+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T-O;6UO;B!S=&]C

M97%U:79A;&5N=!M87)K970@=F%L=64@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]N('1H
M92!D871E(&]F('9A;'5A=&EO;BP@86X@97AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;F0-GEI







T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


M







@:7
@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R960@;6]R92!L:6ME

T0G9F]N=#H@

30V
M.W

M='


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


30V.W




@3F5W(%)O

M0V]S='

T0G9F]N=#H@


@:6YC=7)R960N(%1O=&%L(&%D=F5R=&ES:6YG('=A

Q+#4V

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.64U
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C
M8S

O4VAE970Q

M;G1E;G0]


M



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M/B8C

M97(@


M

M(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M



M96YT97(G/B8C

M
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/CQF;VYT('-T


F4Z(#$P<'0G/C(Q+#8R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@<W1Y;&4],T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
M

'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

Q-C`[+3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



2XU

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@



M(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V


#L\+W1D

Q-C`[+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M




T0G9F]N=#H@






'0O:'1M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



T1T;W`^4%)/4$525%D@04Y$($5154E0345.

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

T0U('-T


M97

S$L







M







M97



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

3

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V










'!T)SXQ.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@;F]W


M(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





'!T)SXH
RPR-#

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXI/]F;VYT




'!T
M)SXH

38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0F%L86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,W!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R





M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\


M+6)O='1O;3H@
W!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

M;CH@


M9!W87,@=W)I='1E;B!O9F8@=&\@97AP96YS92X@5&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R!N
M970@8F]O:R!V86QU92!T:&%T#0IW87,@=W)I='1E;B!O9F8@=&\@97AP96YS
M92!W87,@)`W+#(V-RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M92!E;F0@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.64U
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R

O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^




]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N










M;6UO;B!S:&%R97



M;F]T97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#





@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M;&4]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


RPY









M:7IE.B`Q

@;V8@4V5R:65S
M($

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

'!T
M)SXR





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#L\


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXV-PP
#`L

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



34\+V9O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60G/B8C




#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY4;W1A
M;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L






M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@87)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92!A;F0@
M;F]T(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H90T*8V%L8W5L871I;VX@;V8@9G5L;'D@9&EL





U8U\Y.31C
M7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C

M


2!R;W=S


\


]
T1R

]


]


T0G9F]N=#H@

38P





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

Q





U8U\Y.31C
M7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

@4$%9
M04)

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]



]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


S$L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960-


M06=R965M96YT)B

MF]F('5P('1O(0U
#`L
#`P(&]F('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@;F]T
M97,@9'5E($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



38P.R8C
38P
M.U1H90T*06=R965M96YT(&1E9FEN97
@8V5R=&%I;B!C;W9E;F%N='
@86YD













M9B`D
C`L
#`P(&EN('1H92!F;W)M(&]F(&$@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE+!S=6)S
M=&%N=&EA;&QY('-I;6EL87(-G1O('1H92!0=7)C:&%S97)S)B
Q-#8[(&YO

@;V8@:71S(&-O;6UO
M;B!S=&]C:R!V86QU960@870@)#8T
PP,#`@86YD(0R





2P@


#L@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

M


@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@87
@9&5F:6YE



M870@82!R871E(&]F(#$P)2!F;W(@=&AE('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD:6YG
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@8F5E;B!G




T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!C;VYN


@;V8@=&AE($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
30@

M9V%T92!O9B`Q-C`L
#DS+#
S-2!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N#0IS=&]C:R!A
M;F0@
3
L
S
S+#




@3F5W



@9&5T97)M:6YE

M

M96%S92!I;B!T:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@86YD(&-H87)G92!T

@=71I
M;&EZ960@8GD@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&EN('1H92!V86QU871I;VX@;V8@=&AE



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)#`N



#LF(S$V


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SY$:79I9&5N9!9:65L9#HF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V


T0G
M9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




Q-C`[


30L(#(P
30N)B
Q-C`[)B

#8@9G)O;2`D
M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SY6;VQA=&EL:71Y.B8C
38P.R8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M
38P.R8C



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

S$L(#(P
30L(&AE;&0@8GD@=&AE

3

M97-T;W)S(AS964@;F]T92`Y*28C,38P.V1O(&YO=!H879E(&$@8V%S:&QE




@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M:&]L97
@4')I8VEN9PT*36]D96P@870@)#DT+#$Q-2P@82!D96-R96%S92!I
M;B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(0X-S0L,C(X(&9R;VT@)#DV.PS-#
@870@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@=71I;&EZ960@8GD@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&EN('1H92!V




@

M:6-E.B8C
38P.R8C

SL\


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P)SY497)M.B8C
38P.R8C
38P.S$N
R!A;F0@
2XP


#LF(S$V
#LP+C(U


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M)B


30V
M.W










34@)B
Q-3`[(#0P('1H92!C;VYV97)S


T0G9F]N=#H@

M96UB961D960@9&5R:79A=&EV92!W87

#LF(S$V
#M4
M:&4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M93H@

M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C




3!P

M



38P

M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O




M

'!T)SXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T






T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G



T0G


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A


T0G=F5R


M93H@


'!T
M)SXF(S8R.R`P+C`P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP


Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B

@9&5T97)M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SXH
BDF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C





M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




#L\+W`^







2P@

M-#4L

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97












]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

]
T1T


M1F]L;&]W:6YG('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H92!-97)G97(@:6X@
C`Q
RP-

30W.U!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT)B
Q-#@[*2XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M


M86YD:6YG#0HQ


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



@
M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6%L('1O(#$P





M=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@86YD#0IT;R!C875S92!S=6-H(%)E9VES=')A=&EO
M;B!3=&%T96UE;G0@=&\@8F4@9&5C;&%R960@969F96-T:79E('=I=&AI;B`Q
M

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[3VX@36%Y




M(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!3=&%T96UE;G0@;VX@1F]R;2!3+3$@;VX@4V5P=&5M

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3
L


#`L



M+#`P

M97

Q-C`[)B



T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YI;75M(&]F(#$L
#`P+#`P

XP,R!P97(@=6YI=P@




#$S



M;GD@;V8@)#@U


#LF(S$V

@:6YC;'5D92`R+#`X
M
RPS
S0@=6YI='

S+#
S
R!S:&%R
M97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RX\+W`^#0H-

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SY);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(&]F9F5R:6YG+!T:&4@0V]M



!D87ES)B,Q-#8[(&YO=&EC92P@=&AE(&9I;&EN9R!O
M9B!A(')E9VES=')A=&EO;B!S=&%T96UE;G0@=VET:!T:&4@4V5C=7)I=&EE






M86YY)B


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







#LF(S$V
M





Q-#@[*2XF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V


M=!I=!W87








'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M;W!R:6%T92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


@=&AE;B!F86ER('9A


#LF(S$V



M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T



C`Q

@875T:&]R:7IE9!F;W5R(@T*2!S:&%R97
@


30X.RD@86YD




M;VUP86YY)B



@;V8@=&AE(')E


M
38P.R8C



@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K#0IA


30V.W
@8F5N
M969I8VEA;&QY(&]W;F5D(&]N('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&1A=&4-F)Y('1H
M96T@,3,N,S,T)2!O9B!T:&4@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!#;VUM


C`Q


@;V8@8V]M;6]N


Q-C`[
M)B



#LF(S$V

2P@
M



M('1H92!Y96%R('1H96X@96YD960N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE#0IE

M(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!A('-T;V-K('!R

M:G5S=&UE;G0@8F%S960@;VX@86YY(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


30L('1H

M;B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97

#`@=&\@-3(U+#`P

#`@=&\@-S4P+#`P




M3VX@07!R:6P@
3`L(#(P

M=65D(&%T(0V-2PP,#`L(@D

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




30V.W

@3F5W



@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T



2PS
S
L
S
U



M5&EM97





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@;F]T('-U8G-E




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97








@4')E


XP,#`Q+!P97(@

Q-C`[)B





T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#$T




M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



2PX
#`L



#LF(S$V





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/B8C



30W.W!I9V=Y



Q


M-3DY+#DY.2!S:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T

M92P@87



3`P+#`P

M(S$V
#LF(S$V

2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE(&)A;&%N
M8V4@:6X@=&AE(&5S8W)O=R!A8V-O=6YT(&ES#0HD,3(L(#4P,X\+W`^#0H-



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




2PS-C$L

M(&]F('1H:7

C`Q
RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E.B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

Q-C`[)B


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

#L@

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GDF(S$T-CMS(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@86=R965D('1O(&EN=F5S=!A;B!A9V=R
M96=A=&4@;V8@)#(U,PP
#`@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R(#@L
S
S+#
S
R!S
M:&%R97

M:&EN(#



M(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@=V%S(&UA9&4-F]N($IU;F4@,C0L(#(P,30N/]P/@T*

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M


@

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

#L@

M('1H96X@8VAI968@97AE8W5T:79E(&]F9FEC97(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%G



T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V



@3F5W


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M




2XU





38P

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@











24G


M



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



M(#QT9#XF(S$V







T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


30L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^


M/C
L
S
S+#
S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B

M:7IE.B`Q



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F







M8F5R(#

38P

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@








M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V



'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M



Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D('=A

M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY$871E(&]F($=R86YT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

Q

'!T)SY.=6UB97(@;V8@





M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\






T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M

Q

'!T)SY*86YU87)Y(#DL(#(P
38\+V9O


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXP

24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W

C8L(#(P
3



S
RPS
S0\


T0G




'!T)SXP+C`U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O



'!T)SXR
BPY.#`L.3

M='1O;3H@



C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M='1O;3H@


M;3H@




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXJ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO

M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V



'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





M)SXF(S$V


M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N









M87)T7SEE-3`T8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S
F8Y9@T*0V]N





]

M

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$





@


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(&UA;F%G96UE




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q+`R
M,#$T(&%N9`R


M

PP,#`@86YD(0Q+#DR
BPP


@:6X@=&AE('1I;6EN9R!O



M)B
Q-C`[)B

-FES(0Q.#4L







@;V8@)#
L-C@X+#`P
!A=!$96-E

2P@

M:&%N(&YO=P@82!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&]F#0HD,RPV.#@L,#`P
M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,P+`R

M=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!I;F-R96%S960@8GD@)#$L-#
Y+#`P



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
S)F.68-







]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQP




F(S$T-CL@9FEN86YC:6%L(&-O;F1I=&EO;B!A;F0@
M9V5N97)A;&QY(&1O97


Q


#$T(&%N9!R97!R97-E;G1E9`T
24@;V8@86-C
M;W5N='

M
S$L#0HR
#$T+B8C
38P.R8C

&EM871E;'D@-C(E

M
3



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

Q



#1C-6-?.3DT
M8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S







M0TE


]





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M=VED=&@Z(#$P

2XU



M
'!T)SXR



38P.SPO=&0^

Q

'!T)SXR

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V



M+#@U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS







T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY,97-S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U-A





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


BPS
M.#











Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



'!T)SXT-PS,CD\+V9O;G0^/]T




38P.SPO=&0^





M)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





\+V9O





'!T)SXH
3(X+#DY-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@

3$W+#
S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M

RPP

M:60@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S(&EN(&%N=&EC:7!A=&EO;@T*;V8@9G5T=7)E('-A

T0G9F]N=#H@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y
M.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P






@82!P


C`Q-XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M3=6)S97%U
M96YT('1O($]C=&]B97(-C(P


M9&5P96YD96YT#0IC;VYS=6QT86YT+B8C
38P.R8C


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP

@;V8@)#8V+#8V-B!A;F0@)#@P+#$T

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SXF(S$V




M
S$L(#(P


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A
M93DW86-C

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

C`Q
R!%455)5%D@24Y#14Y4
M259%(%!



]






T0G9F]N=#H@




@87)E






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]

]



]

]





C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@


@


M


@86YD(&%N#0IA;FYU86P@8F]N=7
L('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@8VQA




30V.W
@
C`Q


30V.W
@8VAI

#`P


M92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@=&\@)#$U





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`G/B8C







3
U+#`P

M8R!I;G-T86QL;65N='
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B

M97

#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@06=R

@

30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T('=H:6-H('=I;&P@=F5S=!I;6UE9&EA=&5L


M.2P@

@

S$L(#(P
30@=V%S#0HD-C
L
C$V(&)A







2P@
C`Q-P@86YD(0X
PQ-#`-G!A:60@=&\@=&AE('!U8FQI8R!A



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V




@9F]R(&$@8F%S92!A;FYU86P@



L


M9`T*:6YC;'5D97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA

@;V8@-2PP
#`L
#`P('-H

30V.W

M.2PU



M



C`Q
RP@97AT96YD


@9F]R(&$@



M;FYU86P@8F]N=7



M+B!4:&4@06=R965M96YT(&5N=&ET;&5S('1H92!O9F9I8V5R('1O(&9U='5R

@=6YD97(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(#(P
3
@17%U:71Y
M($EN8V5N=&EV90T*4&QA;BX@26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA

@;V8@-2PP
#`L
#`P('-H

30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R#0HS
2P@




M.2PU






2P@
M
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!W87,@)#$S-RPQ,S0@86YD(0Q
S4L




M8V5I=F5D(&$@8F]N=7
@;V8@)#8U+#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




C`Q

M(&1E9FEN960N)B
Q-C`[)B




#$S.R!R96YT



M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

C8L-3$X

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M
38P.S(P


T0G=VED=&@Z

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXT
2PX



T0G



M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#LR,#$W/]F

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N


'!T)SXF(S$V
#LR



M(S$V

3$L

M;3H@




'!T)SY4;W1A;`\+V9O;G0^/]T







@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

M






M97)N:6YG('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B





M
RPU
#`L
#`P#0IS:&%R97



BPU


Q+`R,#$S+!W:71H


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@



#`P+#`P



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M(S$V


M96UE;G0F(S$T.#LI+!W:&EC:!W87
@97AE8W5T960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A




@;V8@=&AE('-T;V-K(&1U


@:6UM961I871E;'D@869T97(@=&AE(&1A=&4@;VX@=VAI8V@@=&AE

@86X@861V86YC92!N;W1I8V4L(&%S(&1E9FEN


Q-C`[
M)B

M='D@;6EL;&EO;B!S:&%R97



@


M(&1A=&4@;VX@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&EN=F5S=&]R('-H86QL(&AA=F4@;6%D90T*

M(&EN('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@86UO=6YT(&]F
M(0U+#`P,PP

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:&4@8V]M;6ET;65N=!A;6]U;G0@=VAI8V@@:7,@)#$P,PP
#`N)B
Q-C`[
M)B

M97

Q-C`[

#$T

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/B8C





38P.R8C
38P.TEN(&-O








M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+`D
2PU

@:6YC=7)R960@=6YD

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@




M97



M96YT871I=F4@:7
@96YT:71L960@=&\@82!C;VUM:7-S:6]N(&]F(#
N

@;F\@;6EN:6UU

M;VYT:'


L(&%S


2P@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

M




M86-A;F-Y(&]N($IU;F4@
C4L(#(P


30V
M.W


L(&%S(&1E9FEN

M960@9G)O;2!H:7

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/CQB/E-O8VEA;!-961I82!!9W)E96UE;G0\+V(^/]P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97






-F]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M)SXF(S$V


@

M8F5R(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!A9W)E96UE





M:&4@)#
L-3`P(&UO;G1H;'D@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&4@86=R965M96YT#0IW:6QL



Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY


T0G9F]N=#H@

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M
#`@86YD(#(T


Q-#8[(&YO=&EC92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


2P@

C`L






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`G/B8C



@:6X@=&AE




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

M


M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#8L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-U

Q-C`[($UA;F%G96UE;G0@
M8F5L:65V97
@=&AA=!A;GD-G-E='1L96UE;G0@9G)O;2!T:&4@86)O=F4@


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/'-P86X^/]S

M;&4Z+R\O0SHO.64U
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4U54T51545.5!%5D5.5%,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]

M5&EM97



@;V8@=&AE

RPP
#`L
#`P

30V.W


@

#LF
M(S$V

M;V-K(@F(S$T-SM397)I97,@18C




M97

M97)I97

#LF(S$V
#M/;B!-87)C:`Y+`R
M








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M
#$T(%-E8W5R:71I97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


#$U


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U
M8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C




M97%U:78]


]




24-)15
@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]

]


]




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P


M96YT871I;VX@86YD(%!R:6YC:7!L97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P



BPW
#$Z


&-H86YG



T0G
M9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






]
M






@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L(&YO(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@
M9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='




#LF(S$V




Q-C`[)B



38P.R8C
M



\+W1D

M

38P.R8C
M


M;F0@
C`Q


M:79A;&5N='







M
#LF(S$V


M=&\@)#(U

2P@


T1T;W`^4')O











M97)I=F%T:79E($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

Q-#8[





#LF(S$V




M*8C,30W.T%30R8C,30X.RD@.#$U(&%N9!A(&)I;F]M:6%L('9A;'5A=&EO

]


]

@




M(A&+D\N0BX@=&5R;7,I+@T*57!O;B!S:&EP;65N=P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@



T1T;W`^


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8V]G;FEZ97

@;6%D92!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97


M86QU97

M92!S:&%R97
@*'-E92!.;W1E(#@I+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T-O;6UO;B!S=&]C

M97%U:79A;&5N=!M87)K970@=F%L=64@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]N('1H
M92!D871E(&]F('9A;'5A=&EO;BP@86X@97AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;F0-GEI







M(S$U


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S#0IA


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO






@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
PT*86YD(#(P
30@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M96YS960@87

Q
M+#4V


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO.64U
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF


M


2!R;W=S



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&YO

M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO



M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$T/]F;VYT


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]


M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(#QT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-S@E)SX\


M:#H@


24G/B8C


M)B
Q-C`[+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;&ED)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[+3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#$N-7!T)SXF(S$V

M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C


M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO
F4Z(#$P<'0G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

M










M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1T97AT

]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M/3-$








M='1O;3H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









24[('!A

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




T0G

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G9F]N=#H@

3@L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT





M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

97-S.B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

L

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M:68G/B8C

M;W=R87`]


M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O






T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
S)F



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]





@3F5W

@870@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P


T0G9F]N=#H@






F(S$V

24[

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


3$L-C8S+#DR
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O





M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

'!T)SXR

M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B








F4Z(#$P<'0G
M/C<T+#$V-BPV-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@;F]W<F%P/3-$;F]W




T0G

38P

#`\+V9O



Q











38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@





'!T)SXT
#
L-3@U+#
Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






@0B!C;VYV

M;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#1C-6-?
M.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEE-3`T8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


M:&%R97














M-7!T)SXF(S$V

M;3H@


Q



#L\



L.3`R+#DY
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M:61T:#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

#



M

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

Q-C`[

T0G

C(L.3@P+#DS
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B






SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B



M(S$V

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXS+#
S
RPS




M


'!T)SXP
M+C`P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O





M9VAT)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



S
RPS

Q-C`[







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B






M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXT
RPU-3`L-3DP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&YO


M/B8C











M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V











M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T






T1N;W=R


#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



RPY

M:#H@
24G/B8C



M



#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

'!T)SXR






M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C




38P.SPO=&0^










T0G



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXP+C`U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





'!T)SXU-2PR

C4X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

2XU








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97








M3D-)3$E!5$E/3B!/1B!.150@4T%
15



]


]

]
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M)SXF(S$V





C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]


M-7!T)SXF(S$V

T0R


M


T0G=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

T0G9F]N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ-C0L-34R/]F





M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

Q

'!T)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^


M/C$X.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


S@S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A


T0G=F5R

M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T-R961I='
\+V9O

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


P+#8V
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B



M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO


MB`@(`\=&0^)B




Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B








M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

38P.SPO

T0G



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-C`[



3!P






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M(#(N




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
S)F.68O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




]



M=6QE(&]F($9U='5R92!





#L\



T0G9F]N=#H@






38P


M;&4]


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




24G/B8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

Q-C`[

T0G

L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




Q-C`[
M




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

30Q+#$V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]





;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
M




]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3X\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
M

]


]
T1R


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!D96)T(&]F9F5R

#`\


M8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S






]

T1)1#!%1$9!

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1R


C4P+#`P
#QS


T1T;W`^





Q+#4V


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
S)F.68O5V]R:W-H



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

]
T1P

]



]

3`T/'-P




#4L-S


U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A
M93DW86-C




]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3






3






]



]





U
M8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

3@L
#`P




S$W



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S
M85]A93DW86-C


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



I



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


#
L-3@U+#


]

]


]

M
3$L-C8S+#DR


]


]

]
M

C$V+#8W

]
T1R:#X-

]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P+#`P


]


]


]




#`L
M










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U
M8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C

M=#



M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




M9VX]

@


]

]
T1P


M
C0W+#`R



5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A
M8V
S


]
M





T0Q/CPO=&@^



]










]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T.2PY-C
\












]


]

3`N
M





]


]

]


T1T;W`^36%R:V5T(%!R:6-E




T1T;W`^5F]L

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N











]

]
M


S
L

@4')I=F%T95!L86-E



]
T1R

C`L
#`P





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P



]



]







L
S
U









]
T1R93X-

M1&YU;7`^








M







]

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&5R;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@







T1T


]


]










]

]
M



T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F0@66EE;&0\+W1D/@T*





]
T1N=6UP/C`N







M.#




]







]

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^36%R:V5T(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

#




]


]



]

]
T1T

]





]


]



M:6-A;G0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


]

]
T1P





#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C
M8S
R9CEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEE-3`T8S5C
M7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\








M='

]
T1N=6UP/C4U







BPY.3

BPY.3



]
T1N=6UP/B`P+C`S/'-P

M87)R86YT


M
C(L.3@P+#DS


]





]



T1T;W`^5V%R


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(R+#DX


]




]



M



M934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4






]

]
T1T

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`Q
BP@


#$T/&)R


RPP


M1&YU;7`^
2PP
#`L



]

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




RPS




\

]


]




M='

BPY
M.#`L.3


M1&YU;7`^.3
L
S












]

]





M
#`P+#`P


]


#`L
#`P

M
34P+#`P


]



]





M




M=&]P/E)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!S:&%R97






]

]
T1T97AT/CQS
















]
T1N=6UP/C(W





]





S
S+#


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T


]








]


]
T1T


M









W







]


]




]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($







C8L-C8V+#8V-SQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


M
#`P

]
T1T


M.64U
#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEE-3`T8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A
M7V%E.3=A8V
S




^+RH@


M












]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3`P+#`P



M



M






]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T
M:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!I;F-R96%S93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

#1C
M-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S

O4VAE
M970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

@*$1E=&%I;'


M
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


#$S/&)R



]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C4P


#1C-6-?.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEE-3`T8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
M
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S



M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M24%424].($]&($Y%5!304Q%4R`@*$1E=&%I;',I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S

M1#(^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

]




]
M

]






S(Y



L




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


S


M-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S







]










;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
S)F



]







]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C8L-C8V/'-P86X^




]




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5,0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

S$L(#(P


M='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#$L.#$Q/'-P86X^

#$V






T1T;W`^
C`Q.#PO



T1T;W`^5&]T86P\

#1C-6-?
M.3DT8U\T.3DQ7SED
V%?864Y-V%C8S
R9CEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SEE-3`T8S5C7SDY-&-?-#DY
5\Y9#-A7V%E.3=A8V
S
M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$594T%%/@T*

M




T0Q/CPO=&@^




]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

34P+#`P
M


]


]




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]








]






]
M

]

]

\+W1D


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y934P-&
U8U\Y.31C7S0Y.3%?.60S85]A93DW86-C
S)F



M/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_SalesSlottingFeesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_TemporaryDifferencesTimingDeductionStockBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JALA_MaximumOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'


'C)R_SZE81?!`@0(-O8H69.





?&<CLN.
M@K/H?0'.X$M#^!8('&O]7?5'Z0\@!O1K.CK\A(+N?\=?Q^L/_C1=\\$
/

*#O@
M@=SSH/

!&<%?WSKA7Y?O]W!GS0YM')P
MGE-YUZWL




M73^V)U&W2'0PGFM/G+T39\^^:L^`+C%@']YISX`N
6#?_NA]`


A#


M6K`G9




66




MD.[Z.+



MN94




K;%GW[/9Z#P(Q\R@)K#1MD



KSSK]=%94=%[T!*#\^^Z59X.W7\$[LVRR
MERHLC10W]:T8M7]TNH19BB@

;
MO3%SS2=F
8^F&X)$0JH`LN1)#'M6^&LGM$SW#V`&=749DHH4E98GP._`=7_U


MA)`JFM80DBI/#R#OV-7=O9'NA'D2BH6AQA63QCZF29N7=)*V.9$.E\W)C!

C0
;6`XT?/CYY.K[#/9KIZAG^W16
M3RP_L$H=L-W`RN0H'X(^=3*A[$N?1-(XCI[]P/DWL-D(7X!/5(7D3Q'&K+3V


M=CG$[


(O@1]N1;?@EET$@55DV6*4KC4K,Q9',B


HV7]F6$6255V516)`
MX@)PGUH7W(_;8)'AV$QQR3SSA*;0!$TY*EI0+Q5M

M$?$VWC&9IOCNQ4ISC)3C8TKAG8`
6]22J

M#N&;7]X6P`N98RM+/5!1'9'
S@EI!H-R^JT4AJJG7/A*%*B*9M.KR96'HI1M

M1X:@R)1S]6R^*!CFD2+ABI)NJZV@8=7-I]]UP9!F!S):;YTH



MWA_]X-4



JKB[[ANH6H
M*=`I)55ICRL??`E_B9)

7[3K:F(K=NUT--%\!/7X`7`QS7F(^\:=@(-457B8UGNJ#F<.KN
M)X@C156E1GBF3IB8.!]5VK2#TO4,DK2,AC#JVD22=9D)!R8:?GX?F#:X@^,V
MFEZVL4?1FY=475U5A09A3*7B<E#N7/]/D(,P`XDD3-]X(74Q#)!P6T
GF



@RJD-H)T[<&?JQ%(LJ`JFJ970B/S\H&!/!9&LAE%&`1S0]P_3F5U`8P


`=H')
M&)@4RXGNH@'_E\IN4BVZC%*;6/B;50$_/!L$XR?H!N
AZ-Z_!2%PW;HG7NA!
M-A6SU&(L@.EABXNZ5LG!ONG#9R?7\&3Z4[@^Z:UA-JH:`L9_9E
LBX05^N


MP=&DLR$410X#W&$MH3O_8GINLEJ`5J\7X4H[ZQ'SH5PMP=KT^
R7D!
]-)

-09+
8M[K+
MO3C8GC+$&)IA'(BB38X74):!%)$\Z=U48]Q(*Z.4VW?UIT(J!==&;#-`?#IK
LE^HU7(.()YJ6KE6I2!WIF6-QEB@)YD+




MK52(XZ'HU7XH/EC-N0W(GA-+CZ87CM;?Z]C\JFK-PKHB2(M%71+-X]:
9G
MW5?7%$G2ZZBX#%I*0FCN_2]0A&VCV-35)E35`G?3D$J%.)Q=4W[Y#A\T81+?

WD<H#5
MT6*ZH#R892C3!/[LX`



!OUV^NG$Z
M.2FJ*:(L:
(JT06C\&R-WJ-LS7'P3EYW;$%U`WJ%-!B\%5DV5)6HCQ*1671)


I0K




MAH]F`Q;J^I8(WBF1Q'A=C@*@[-\.AW_#+T4FL(:%FKMYU/V;#&L0Y
&]
MQ[[REKN\17?FU;F00E2E4?I:TRI1?
`Q9G$V=$75VJ`C'K5:STU&5&F5*;
M2&6[QA#V\^QBB1X0^@'\[IC
3AJY/#`U6A241=8:C6\%3^&LF/?+G-)#.E



Y[O3)

J5Q!2P4N!XB(H/PVH
T


@P`'AV3UKW]Y5!4*(

8TS


ON=2WE1


^*K
M'EG1&[8ZJFRN8J%=@=EWWW^/O$2$L]FGV=_%)(:?MQE'L.8:M
8Z5ER^S(Z0
MU*`;K+!IZK

MJXH^Z'1


Q5?
MT\4A6T)1.[J

L2WFAN.5$LU8;6_0=E`0!G7#5J.%



MN5JN=EVQXM[@;9\B




5:Z[?$*96@U


M

Q[M0LQWQ5DQ6I[`E:'(F+@S*AUKN_ISCT


M8&@6JQIOWW+A_;(G5ZR[7-(







%HW!MV-^8Y
M)?&L?793LU%'_!.LNOZQ]M.838?Z&1?1G.K&:HGJ-0MB+5&]3+R;P+Z.G


U5CL.CM7;EX1!0[J\\-`OE'EV[




9C\:]4SGZNIK#UPI4+0WB&Z##AC79^KE.E8;7Z@^Z



M7`UX.3@P^RMI!V!V^_N=CR08:E


%8:
^B..,X_[=B2(G2.)O831NT[:


]T61OD(^+



M


MS9-SFP*SYNFY)EA?Q#2



MFH11C+_@7Q#33O`(-RGV;@

M17+^Z7]WYHM7_];N#5[%YE
:KQ8AUK863F3=8\\OZWGK&M[6MA8BXE?:EA-;


M*7RE`%Z&T]PC!




Z/@?P

6`]^!1$QB?L4?V=P#

^




&`WO`_ZR7=#F.@I03)-Z5Z_DI(04VDC!^KJT/09P(Q\WO!:DO
M`C8&$IG1`9N!!45T+X@68?N2NK8!2MZ+-\9=BM%9A/T\

^?Q'TB7H
MS?*(01L+X`
0IC/F/

M[@((G[KQ5,_!,5='$EIQ9=,\(=W\X4?/A*/T-PBIFU/U/?.E6.^F\V0&P`5
M_,T)B.Q'M'-



G%I)[!Z@%@AQ!A
++G[?[I&FA

4@N*[B)QI0J
W
MZ-8&)AR3

M3:C8`O$(`!1DAMFZ`@HXL0+IGZ*.%-77*N`+Z;

M'I$
+=DL[@


MMYM.A;HUEJ25&:CY\



9`#WK/7S
M%=(&I#K9'X2%2
!-@)\_39
04235=EM3ZWJY5#PLY#_

M=K\S8L-R.]


!A8GD^Z-J=]B!3



M0VS;



$Z!]A







BR7/Q.$#Y&S^.LS_N^*Y^C':NDO;)0T;^-0J]*P`NC'ZQ_NW-





FY+?SV0[
MY#XZ!S^





MWAB-7D7(DG+IC#B;W.54;T3Y*:&Q4XN3KEKDC\IELBGTU^K[2MQ]X3HLVDLV
M'+E*S.7TBM-`]BXTJU
A^QN$7+XA=7Z]$X(S&B3-JD($+=4H0;%0)7?'Y;:L





1RY&ZJREE!KDVC@7A[
MJ<S.#7VLKY])G2I


H(@Y


DE/*M;0N8
!SD5=0^N^%







M5G
T$--N.DTJRU9*$KJ=C
6BZ(K]

M'.24/XQJ#E,?,3BKT^H)YA`L#G0&


(WU!0':&P)&T%4LB

XO
M-O+


M_`.V]_2N498*L
U-DM).MZ(%2@

RS&W


M-2LHM/GU2(XRCU-N&?R?R/BP)S9
5;UDEC=(EL.U8'^
##KAR0[T^@U*
MO;[0$Z#4G7/#:H#:
T$$*^+9ZP)N:I:4A?&R%3`V%4B-179+TI7?&B=L/!HF


MS=1XE0::LUDFNDTF23$:/(5OM1]@*P7E5)C.]4W+B@LRVS&G@K
A
ES-@N
MU/7


!FI=!&CW%
M0[I$OJ:@N

Q(-LL\PN_I6N)B&RD$56`8C'I50D?6&3X/&!(Q.


0Y\S4NO'4`4GWWHQ:GNH*:-XFH1I4@@E





MJT4U0T_4?D1-7L+`52+=J!QKDEV5L3&X;1+L\`QU]3,R#7]L]QO6N'6;1+

S`+

49@
M@HX/#\XM=U7J0K9DT209D=RARYG+-14%B:MLI[D521TV-/+V.<6_$ZQRK_=
M_'H#SV$7





/J#2K]YM



_
(]B6^@[0`VL31E=DCA]H?MDWY_OI

MM:_LR&;

MJ

M5!UO-@



?F6%M`AY1/!@R$W@

4EH9#W9Z-6J!-%1^%TY'-9FG2+(G:'/YI






^2C;`EOBDCMC^HV)[S!S4N%E2O=-%:*`0
MJYKX7&.M'
-[:-)Z4-S;5V5FR8&]/$^11^CBB-!W;U1_\D&+AV++HT=+S2_R

M$&=I1&WN-P5UE(':Z9F@ZEN3`]=:'M9923SPR_LPFEM?K]KXLS$N4^(^1]Q+
M4K@_L@?]CMT;]0F4==.FF;&\LNZ405=$F`$9(BK6;;M]'D3O1LY#8!5O(2!.



MEJT

MVH0P8O4L?VQ38:4Y+SDLQ9DRI^V2;'%$P[OO[*JW:-ZVG&%.0\05).SC9R-H


(F


MT96Y6?


M:2IWV%I1`NOGRO7\E/X$ND\BOY5-N0O+L!$;
]UP6IX&0WJ
C!
I9[S+_`68

)/7Y?!W?=H$RPOGI=6UAZ.QW1MV*\]_\M)JC^WVN&WW


M2:9W(C%$Z+HHQ7OV
R&/SB[5


5W*\U+PBY!B48[(XH$F*4*63(D)_6RRN

`*6%/?8




@-F^#9*.S\-
8S


C60+4BJ(IJ^
MQG1^YVV&:83FCU++.`R9QB9ZC+&8GG2TP[:KXD?OI0%EO
`+P*9
^91X[G`D
MBJG/L9FG8LN

M3I&/
=`44;IGS(<@3PW









VM))B9S
MUVD/[



Q[8E*P7F`12=?(

A85TE*U')-`:3


MRR@7;1OV['87].C6.'\/S82;?=
T?ZRCZPSMX7!H][OK.5N6X[&2JSEQGJF5









M42PC'GUN%)$0;I[:L?X]ZT:QG/%JU'P1'E6^6T8]FK(()':\H3B027@:W2S]
M)
3P!S\$;5CN(\MB-DI


M
_HIF<U6\XM_IO*CXFO]WHZ((!E#$Y\9U<E


MCX[\-FFL$I=3Q(



56/G$

:`!9[.667*VKH6

2'5)JWXD*<<CE%E_/01OIK\]:S^AW.6:.




?H:









MQECXOIJBJM:(XMRX4X((1\
O:)9T7TYHAT]`PPZFWL+Q+6=.L]'ALR!
`%PW















M!Z@!%\D=B/8`@5[FN4#!$NVNC$-G+

'YA&6D!WBQI'-?(SEP1
M+3Y$[#*[B$BRI4+PDR+J?+((L-O4GP'-H;Q'PIT`&C)D^P3IX(K62FHAX#B

0
M<;/J&C(3$GBQO5A?1F+C2_):K4U$0NQ208V/_BMU2)VC.=@#0[@3$,9_RFF




M
DA1

WE`1]#GRZE=EI+;:??!`'!UM%(%TE@9


5\;T_
M68M)I_`X+X&B+1
=0


M2AU!L78V8!:2VQ*[`B::.79)KP


JK123NO3-?:V$:`(2'8`:S-E%H5S


'T%).@&PO4ODBE2]2N3&IW+MN7X3R06XC
C*S7$ZS(?2R



*BA2<Z71+M]:U*A.S4EQ:JTU]BO'XTWKX/^%CEDQVEG




MA5J/Z

(T`DZ]N2-C@1GJ[CP,.)GR@2V
MM]*+F$C+FI]\/#0&NPUB\*



.





MFLXML)



:D&().

%:Q4_

MF9`5N!(CJ*@LE


#
M2[`68+9*XD_4#:9DHVP]N1#!B88UEC^K=UU;GRO@HER-F&XSH0BO]M*72
E&




.L*Q7J^BE^K&S5N%

MAV`N4MNISZS[/

M`XBX[!&)@7UG!NRQZ8.PF!IO=$TW?Y
WG


[N_H%SQ#C3^F

T


M-PM9?6XE_*/F6/$!XL*T1-8(VQ(\_(P*DMRE

*57I!B-S)NZTIM&6&%A\A+$N[\B(E0LC\I=\N-Q-SQ
)Y*15J3
/Q#
6O+77`1WLBAN1C8/!(G,H<!#CIT
MN,DN=FQ+!)6//:B],D2ZR2$6UOC4@%5VAL/VXB9J98










V#E07(S




M0\U9!6T:];D/!!LU&JKH6$!C1`C6')CQ/#(L#=L2`3S442W(C(P%XDDAU9
M@X4%60E1'GP=UO2II3F6NWV?WCG!K;`BO&YXG)V./6RU?VGCSR8\6`Q&0`AG

$U@F0`%H^7-YP+H


7YZ?-LUI:(




MOGC3:90*@X#ED$V1?0UNK+-81.%WHD
$SP






O7

MYY-T[D8B04L366F(VOZ#%Y.RO0B1&^/WB&[F`*RKO*VW5Q@]5#+0F6YLKJ.
M$91PYI$U@-S/MGA'0-3MMC*@7=[)BC

MZSUY_:Q?

/W;6JY3BJWSY!'L0@-\8N&7S




M[T(
P7VB8-G5Y\C#

M;/BI]*7`'UT=P


M:/T7ZJH



W8@@KDE`VV1%_^A1($.

MK32S^;4Q/=N'6GR/05IH'!5Z_)K
,;4_,QG*D<+'\-NRXG
@DD$K%9O;`'P%J/BBO]:OS&D
Q(ZN`

NJTYQ_?@]^/
M2.N'O0A.TGNXXT7B_/((I&9(%$
$M1IG5MP8JG@N*4

MOE'%%TZ7B&O@Q



B



T

I1`09[7@^2-P!DC






M&6_'G_Z&%Q2DWQL9_)ZFB0VB`12DZ5T*QXW!WR]W(5#`AQC8NXM_!.7%MCZ+
M((@?_7O@\PY?G4]W7DA@OO?AK%W'SMG3E)+EQNQ76QKI6RF6S9+0=_`##)


B.XLG3U7V\-[<J37O`K:\!Y_%7'\2VD[DJHZ
LM/(E;


M^\.Z^?RAJ*^$R?]

M-YCIQDEC1CUZ(2FF:R3%=#DIYO_)Q?\?=P.@=WZDJ/LS*PT\?IS?^`R
EJDW

M```(`#J&?D::JWGMN@X``
*G```5`!P`:F%L82TR
#$T
3(S

M550)``/PMAE5\+89575XP`!!4.```$.0$``.U=;7/;-A+^?C/W'W#NW%PZ


%FKE\
M2&(9NWIVG\7N$@2)3S^^K&WTA%W/(L[GD^YIYP1AQR0+RWGX?'(W:VFSGJZ?
M(

(J7B/X+P;+_
MUM\
V[@W7!H@ZS;]91L(M;8\35G,7!\R]]0MMQU!8

+U4^LI[AK:YM\EP(6$JH'%P]L)38
MU@*^:


M\@T[S/+6I$QMLQHFQLOXOC/&%I:=35AFDL6G^S1Y298A.T6[85*A\O1]B?


MT52\?\:S@)M52!&1V70LV]#,UC/`.#^]B#\/W[;$.WDT4[!#F8$U8F`\ZF

MR9KG[YUOR2&FQ'D!%?H&5L/*S]$WR/NVM8#RH3!NRT$\6^.`ZY4G*LG37*
MFHS=RI&UOU`'K/GDL*/DR#AOE(PLNY1S_L3%CX:U&+P\8L?#=-N&O\+NUKQ\
M

M=XZQ)JYO_8D7?7SOZYX7T(9I%PSY82^2DV/GNT8#7\YVY2@39:1BN:?JWBJO




MGC]>WAR\&;$7N1SD!K8=-$3

MB


P
MW/ZW?9Z)T]?&!S5:D._]U_G1QZ:+(?]=@RZ8.`[VN.M/0M'&^]XT%:FR+&F_
M>G'&3)$IIC:8?N#3F4)S(E&^^#A
M_`II$EFK'#V`[?6Y[WQ.$L




M(G4%G&:XY0C(#%_#9OF;Z




7472538(4L6V*)I!D/NP'F$94



M^H-KO:?/*WS(6WQB
F/4]_2M])9GV@2F'H8?QM
;;:3_5YOKXQ'21GTTG@RF


7%/
M8V;@=9/P)E
:HO.O8;0._G.G3^@\K!K^'AF!O!9$O!H/!^@B?95NQH._HFF
M@V&802;:=%XU[X)SFQG8YZDP


%
U


M5&D$YW!L!GFZ^


^Y!




4&*DZ]+.=1WRNVIDK<$OA67%@<Q94UO8*\K$E+^.]Y8



M`!P`:F%L82TR
#$T
3(S

M```$.0$``.U=;7/C-I+^?E7W'WBS=779JO/X;2:9F4UN2Y;D6=W:DE:2)\E]

+:.AI_'@I=$`NG_\^]/*LQX1
M#MW`_^G-Z=N3-Q;RG6#N^LN?WMQ


G9T?OKV*9R_V?4-#8.
M/#1!XO^2_K5]EM_LSW[SL:T+ZV.Z1^/9?QOE1QY_W_<B-UI18O$K`$@62


M-9W[_XC=!]K!15!X
FI0#8

M&ZQ6@3^])XN!F$2^G!ITO1C-@M&=&`R*X6Y&4IH(@$%8U6Y

0&SZ



M!RO;K0BZ+'T`Q

#?`,3(&^L`)-MZ$]O3D]V6+P@1/.?
MWD0X9JBL@Z6N9X?A:)%LECI/KDP_*XLHY8YI,XBX*E(`\`3IRJ!,*SEYG+W,
M!(%889552D?9&A)Q`39S($0.\7%VTF);D\9Z%5QLC$&GCO9U28MT0[B[5PO




M\+[CS^D_]#3VT?:HI[43=6V

8\!

:%
M#Y*DU[D@

^E3\7)L
Z'=4@?0(I=;K(U&.\3



M3J(SO6Z&XAU


(R0UP`-KP$:7@
TB'EZ#=#P


.+[H
E+K;Z^G8Z^F8LJ=789(R)YFL+M8W
MOOM'C'HH=+#[D+0[][!,O@:SS\ZJMH1I'I02_J&]0L(C')Z0GL.URCP(:PW
M@WF';HJI

M@XGJ==VRM#?)6*ZIDID3
5%FE_^32^.N6!L8VD-KIE^Z
_\M#K


M)#]W@Y`9ZY.69A?^!HCB*`[QI/=))E5^Y._A0Q\.B$D;37&*+*?X.E4*/K

]`#\MBC



^=,88O+HS<%?77<91C
D?'I$7)+DKH2
KV*W'K^I%
M\2VC*]@']+J[8

MSH+G:`ORKM?_!;1(ZN=1
\@Y=;5UD(M4`LG6ZP_;=-GLOEL8QM29)[#@.4*&
M#6-)5MC#&%(/I%*O2XSH[B`T#R])V]!.3%_Z)[G#.$1(B^1JYR$(F:'T'F
M06]ZWF@Q3FZ](;*



MN@[5BQ&=23;0]S+.R/N


M6*&9_81$2N%@BTFIJP'R$W.B7/(@,OYT,.%



M)]/_LGK]RT%W


J
X@KH8%
MZE5/'8..UB@(@%8IW?K+]

)ND



MG01-))'!%SIEA,B,S84NP1*T7H2-6#&.V)F4V$%'J0`

2AI
MIR5/O.W

A1'8YW]WHD/[`OR&9J'N:O2G/7G&J5F

;(18`GSUVJT5=3K:MW.VK
]!/$?7&BHM9J*D`$B%8M?SNN1

[0

M





ZX=.TB6`=)GQA\(8L$
3F;[+&KE1LE.3?8*$LK

Y8
M\\!U^@`JY-83'NK2VI=;50Z`
N]FZ-%`:UXXI$^PZ(+-!EQ:!@MN!^N[K!9K

M%M:VNJUF!UZYN&J4UEEHZ=**7=#=I-??PW8M]E+



OMFDU!@G
4VO5BS*^!G



MW'2`D!_VQP7YZ+9/MEPTO;P?$67(1BH
?!]YA=]GY!L!6X/44*D0RV/JFJ`
MP^:`Q)6@@2L5*0T6/K!M4;.A`[$BC9H6A^3$2'.A*=Z:MQ9DJ;M2WNC#;@T


M@]II[M6









:

M:AXT.*$::
\HNCEV8OC.6TZ#`TW;HG-K6FCOJ-;8]@6P@O.*
5X)?JZ)=^4L

S
E*#<D9*LQLP!V
MB*?:B2%5\M2MPQ-3Z/9#*WBL4
\?=#
TV:V2

BT8//P*=Q;B0M![982ZP'
MGLZF!9+9PRI:LX#BFNT(;H.SPLD!^AIG3JA@IQ5&Q7




MG



;$(U^@AXVN0W*
MH=AY1SXB68
)JZ@#2)]B?\$8!PL44@^][5TBQ#3YLB?'Q7(&-S4'+]BL=7?_
MO.DGBQG:)3^[22C)'D$3Y0X/6;

MP7Q5NUZ#^5:H']@E]`82VRVMGX-@3F-I#`
?K1Z\8(V(#OB1[`3#&=D&AK9#






$&(4YSU0ZE]T\$'`9EIU?$;`.):4-



MM



^_^Z(:BM_I
MISQVC=[0L\^+7=-(!%JC'VUHB@BEZLT&+RB427PU]F*C7?QQU9#P!+7I'E;^





M_R]$_^]/_^?T%%W&.(E^1+


MKX([G'R#F2EH]*N'WIMU4IO7(-=XCS.HHMT/]1#;4_PZ;N3%R\PH*OOW(15
M5@3)7N[FLYA7^/]GOA.S_V3IJ

)1`YVU

MZ.P&/^*TF8!(8LUAS9YCHG*?K6\4V:98/=XI1*&PRH#PB&GN!C*UA63T*],
M]*]`
7I?C[:72DTW+LK+73174G%X1#+B%'AKL[1-$OIXK*([Q)\:-?U]R`)
%M:P\ZD<:@1A
MN),IZY*TR/E2]8FOYUO5_0W-2.45L.E.[&`WG4G&G'O)++'*(Q470W$5!#3

M-O-DN8Z7N;(.OG2^+%



M5
(NN:4'W657!(,F[3P!!J%8?E8)FR;`,WP.@[C`@9_5CD.2)EOS2L.J:1+
MYFB@=FDC$0/#&34V(?I12QXUR/5SD.=!6IRI(UQ#6?A+3FT-K;5_]I[_ZHQ

RPM$E[106


M6RVQ5
(N.:4'W*637!(
D[3PA'DG#M%0`9J?*N]('
5!OKT-$FQQVE0M[]1'
MF6#W/)1*&`RK3`@%[R23/T*TE.#P^_OLZ4V$XXI2](\AD^A'?[O]T%U]M%
M$

?'.L2YR1+4YST_JTX


M)2F

M@RL]KMX5A

QH@!*)^GU;HMV3:V#3^%4?8X

L+'E

;




YUOTMA#@G0$P+%!!DR)24J
M83J%B/B=1C[8
:%`(@;F

.MH^8W#5PJX*^US2SV33

$J'*^M&(`


M8`OK*D[QG/YI3!7O'IAAP!4RI!6AY+AM`T3&&BB

D^*S@+?1_+.6NS9&L[HS(89HY%+-0:
MI?+@5GPSO










M-SZ-WHZ!L@$S;LOE%6RRC-Y6Z2K\'D683IVA;/#VJ\_K#C%))1WG9JJ@#E(R
MAV)@F*/&IB[T3ZKJ'YL@1T]
`?WN[?=T27]&/\(Y(JPHR`DZ^_B6K?/Y6I]4


Q[?_N&/)^^IQKOW9XTT2U&G+&9?\FQU%IP*

MN
IQ0

M'S_6XR\

ZD.

M
'04W!$AF':!#)&@59W82;M*MWHVHI(_0JH


MWF7'*6I^D

3#!+.PU32GLEEWHIA%2RKMU$M**$CSKA$W





VN
M=5U4T^4P&GF7!#'[M)%*0S&AY@0#EG4RJ-&`0:;;G&2[*Q0C:$#(:=3#RG`
MWLRC)P&&(5)8XH%X+M06VX!!BD\XI6Q-6/&0Z#%.8\9LEM:L9XE1R^EX9&=
M;XS2JX`AEAU.81BKM'C.2M#3@\$Y'B`X#PB.IMDC

M')14$@R?M/D1\).[Y@TCOB
$CT*8A3-E-;I+NSL?.4$IU?%$KH*F^9XR)X
M5KU9UNI.7=E(HWH^S5+7#1E_J
B8XGN6RZ2=EH_#+8GYL#QCS&Y+6@=QL\5&

7E@%B_6[-X

RZ+GFJY490Z)JE2`R
MU`:P6'6;KB:SE

..S&:-8&&*G44WX.CK-6@
&U81UM.UZVW/TPBIJ`2O4I8(GSW//VH`%
MK+5IM9W#O.@E[:%IEE*

'V-1&]O\LU*O_G?%BEI2


MSI5Z!__;9MR4@R4W7G8KDEGN%IR7M*VZ.HRQ41=+,VHYW;&;&E&?]YL4(*V
M7+,%/&1@1Z)9HZ&8\Q$&7O+T!O
#`R+
F?NWSID(%7S%C'0&*$
&$ATP'@[

!0S`!2CHY5X
M

MD
+KLJ
G`(L?






V]^;#?EI)^ROT/F#;_E
M$]
X_4[J#'_TY`T/F/WEUE/22=-=1K!^!\L





-IN.:

':/EZYBY+2T()V]P4S[.C^.R8Q3W8'5M'F@7QG_^4
M!RD%2Z=@=!U&RH0%5NBK\T2A$%DMWU&:SF9)XTQI9TUV:MXI-QZKG&GWE39:



MWU`+


!Z7.XT7-!8XYAKL<OB!%
M_

G#KY)MJ)


7C4*;/I@?^I
\3S'-`#S/*&
Y/;:X
ICC

M.\+&4T?J$S.C

MXQQ3X^F;6&R7U*CE$7]%





MX:=(ZG5\Q-Z7S[AXR%1U4NU47=)PC#%=/MKH@2'F+J6`OS@D7=3'7RYTB#

BW!MZ.F0=X[@4:`U!$G[!X8N]NV1W1A
M^+/A/NBLQ


]V62?9VGZRQ_K
H(Z[
%K+6=EF499U*O!HN=*AAJCL





MG4_V&(7%274E+L^CPT]Q5A+$)FTLN
N*S0?I%N5UDRA@;:)'WJAC1E4PQUC=

H93:4VG%_5)*X:
TLH`I

Y+=!@A?K*OBBF(#:*'H_*R
UQ'A.IJ?EG:ZCH0K#*A41
M\C59Y8LU)2B/9]2







-F(BI=L8]KP%UP
M9!_#=K&2
=HPJ+@/9$4DI;[%B=UHQA



$M9KH]HB+





^TEICC






MA6

E





0HIPHX%V*N#&6(E9)@^H5_%

ZVWT\E#)IK)L\VO?[JX7BUN?H'!

@\7J`BTG
MOTS.KRY.T
W%U61U
:





ML5+:'Y&TPZE%B5C%MS%]
O-W31

M2$
AEP22`^SRIB\!ABY26
)-?5P(G*
1T[;9

M!HY%+%RF
5G.5Y
KQ.=3
(A9+316P?.(!`*-AMN=72/T_L:N4AP


_L4M#V#LU.
MU27_QAC3I:&-'A@VC@`K3-=80O+UZD#'2A1!5W;P.PWC).8`R34N;H-$G6)L





MG/*V4=

:`
/E?5+]ZVW;?!P6*\5R%^*^/-

ZW&T#WMM<5LF!X90`HY/^TXJB2!^<
MAP89DSK4\CY)I4_:4`F#I96YY


TFE@EX?\]*)0V&8$:(BJ*Y!.TT87J+?QCQRBUN)<23!9L


--6%PPY1P)6


M;C=JY:8I4#?I_Q*,=OEJU'/[2K6THS^8M:@!(9RMDC%/&&NASJ*,&BWR_+I
MY@$MFCMYOP8!WUAF/71_+V:LGM:F5O4X4;L,8U`X:^^V.7WO%YRIOJ)4O
M8'5[SM(V8*


M0KTN&#J.!P,IK4ZV]L%%K-6+N3W#L)`[_L%WB!QT%KJ#KV'2?PHCB$O;LO



V\



M.L#CD`]



M5?
GN:SK$RA*N


MNN:/`NJ0/0
Q4-R18Q-J&C12=`5#'F!PI9
H=O'

X/KQ(%YET??!/_KDR%UZUCE8\TX7?P=^*+TEXX':!O
6'-B@X=MR



M.YV6'O)Q].:DAV@8CL_I#79DFG[?H(VI%.E
U*O





UO*.4%\7Y%MV!&6QYOEWD^=8GM2E$H:WNC5#%;*X@NJ$`9=$OS)9

#%LDH(1B8$P$E&/J1X/F:8'I8RE8

']'3:8.@W&K)8G;%207D`)==K:%
5


N_!4

M?!GC+YYQ'L9$RPD+/=]^36J&R6_UE



M/$4&TCH!EK@WS(X)T07/:RRH8A*SP1/\41

S0^9[&


._*
M


MD@M[H)(ED3`;GA:!GF1TFE^7?!Z$O(9EH$K8Y6=UK@895OIH65IG?:[057


M;A_B31/85?DFSVGW%;
WJ+:Y.2=]J-16H@7H+O@X05Z#G6DJJ+4W'H1B/G







AJ.2KV#Y
MJR?

M4;^`
M



`YRO$33DN




$MTE6L!@_




_L
K8_`E?90'(7G(9#\%0S=B[YM*Z^/O4/H
M$O+^\;61-WXZC/?M-`23O$-#]R-OT\HK).\`NH2\__:JR/NR!P*2IB_@IE-

R9%_]%6\@*





9MWJ5XY+6.IPJ1-4RWE]R.JG

1VWSC#T]
M6GXRFF7;QU(R=[X&]&AEJ.1'OBLA7\\VB%-6V&V1SC!?6
=/N!/LI&N3)9NG

LLY\E

M*;/(K#$]01]9+IDA]F1&[F9??O\5AG6^;D43
'C$H`'#%XW`*



%;]Z,K^A?]N/F(_@]KG'[R
M_P%02P,$%`````@`.H9^1GFA+ML:,0``^_T`!4`'`!J86QA+3(P
30Q
C
Q



MQ)]_:G5#]VH0+

D



M


ZC


$(!X6.%J



B
MZ]WQ/
M=#Y:#$D\=7R]:'1T=8UNM^IL9I$34






X#
MSM1/VH*E/Y[C-(OY=H&#&TVFCD?4=]WEN7B/VH%/L'3&(OY=*&N#M)Q%GL


4.#0,R'U:D$BU`4M)
M@
C\&1
R(G8@^=+Z=
@M&F[_FY.)

M74


6TV4N^*\



]&:67TK:R#4^?4PJ&/`I^$

M3L%(UDZG-H6)6*_N&(GW4'TD#.5-%@QX

S)0CD

[E(X6PB!IOW@0

M;'X=P5+&R?YRTJ:B


MW


M-K$6$&$BX.*P



M\6K

M^\(E5P2]PDYJK5ZG`,O:PV%H#$?!QP)1^8%$E3!K?D:DE&`$6G
:^'L8*`
M2@#;!DC4DCJL1:U=V%0TX!M:-##I)8`#*9.MYX0=YJ8QWX0Q
J-Y)/8-UL
MS!


Y5$!



MT$(1;

M$9%SC`

M'5!&D5C'Y\+-
2;1P6/DNDL(.?W%%'0P$PA&$-
BH.TD?@HCGCL)!:](9[OT
M0T709`+`Y:HO6X(U);&MFUQ$DB'C.,%2%UC6,%@E2+#]O,R@+`@5?NJFL8

MP_+V


2.R\*W0+W8/M


M37&1LGOIA[[TF

&)
)XW/O$[PEBS!B6TY
&$AQQO_VUY0\_?_

0`(I)EB5=_

MA?5*E70=&SC`?'#V@_0U!D$@Y!7.7;E:S;0WRN2('36S7I72S/8H9?+2
MD=M60]A&7-\ZU'/94;SK^4FLBE/2$EJO:FF&+E`0.-;'7XBW?&*C:C^S$\^2

3Q



(4F@/Q[OT%D1;2:]B@@'6*;34P=CGD
4J?;\P2NV
MCH^C\-ECU@9CCY+Y(-@YWMMN[#VGA8.T6VZ5OFR'^X(CXZL+L?!H-&#N/T$
M5-T1W&K)S'\F-!8V-:^Y[X:!ZXF7YO8#GH6U*6$SWV8[)AD\#YH4-H[I9TX
MI+D7U9O$[)2P$C._'=OI'T-*['ON^!TUDQ:__HZ\QX0SIXW)5='8#IH^X_S0








MQ5M3DMLIN3].UQ44Z28+#]2


5C/^FK38UN0(F_0!1;8Q


P!(A
MS4H2*#Z-^=A.QT?/)%;%2W/%8^_1)^IL#41%

M1
21B_*;/PYW^7O2?P4*@HLP:BAL#;FZL-5A-I-;1NCI/(?7(H6[!SS]W=

M=




A8&0RD'NO6P]*F]KO7(Y
L7YQ(OZ%YV%T<?K]_R_'_*V
MPB@2%GAY

L
`







MO2P.2M'_I775ZGK4]4.:1(3]






M$&CA('AF7871IE31KM\=*]I@^*4WG(TFOUK4H]V8]R/3*Y*2R.K[8X5Q`?1'
M3659:P#X%-XBTPL!@;*

M/LQXXB5BF/$0)8X/
V-`\*


NPWJDC6!E$._DQ&)XY2M(;*C
[J_'\QX9)7-;3@W
3=P-C(78<Q+).Z3`Y
MO@70\8Y4R)+LJ$EYME`8\X:7UW;;K/[WFOM225UK
B&1+]ZD9

M

G
M$9:5X%#Q]#B0'/RB'!;(C


C??Z@P[M)F1882Q

MU)GC









;(


M@6

MV)K*HLB5.U(A8T





M[CW)
V*8WYM]5\4

MV20=VBT

MB+`MML6*/..QL^';K6ZJ:\AL.\@K3GV0





MPR`@_L'O


MK^F1CG?T^



IV`@08

#YR$



[V'2DUR`['




M/[3(`_BZWK




GB@

M0ZA`W&JR&-MHP7[Q@J6F

FJ
H)W$\PXR+1%BL


#H\/L-ATM%=
..KX?4)*C<DLY?2XW074E)*
O%&)YDL[=MC/GBC[UV5?SP6C6G841!=0

YKYDP


U'OQ2\




Z
M^K8=#F
;[]`5.SA8P?CLNMW

065<;AHKN6]H6;LC5#=I#IM86Y*JR;;(`*;-
M/%UMLM=/J`!=

`%&




M%W




M



DWLOX`&B6481[29D$
R^AH()^72JT)55AV
9)K)X=$/A





MCJ!^?2[N];FXU^?BP(_T=*L\TB
ALN[]
GN*3

:;SE*A&`G_E$F?YXJR#(*W5J5B[Z_T:
MVZM]\Q7D5.*]_(J5#136ZX?1@GC<<:4Z$37\O;9+G-BL;%@@%'
0?87_K]'
M]JWLD_\/4$L#!!0````(`#J&?D9N_3
;$`\``-.7```1`!P`:F%L82TR
#$T
M
3(S



MXY[0S^S()-78S8E/31SSNL!(
2L!YWW_B-!5Y[C;[74^7H_G@JX5
M$)X].+;[N8B\=WIZVA&]$6F.\F%!G8AUO\.[%P;#,6?HM27TMLL\PS53])87
M#T@2O^X$G2E2NY#T34!J1Z06SM`Q;!ZMR%T'.CI\2K2[O7:_%Y'[K+TRC$T\
M9&FPA6`==A0/H<3!K'

-?WK'Y]@9
MQU0'R1'_`ZDF#?O[,Z\[F4BFN-7
_V'ODBI&OQA!:RK?.6E((_$R003[7P


M(XCCFU!BX51BC@]`+OU*@URWV;)V`.MTOQSX?G7@T:L4X^\::8@8*Z8M
MM0T/D^!IX80OZ9

MZ*
AFNOPO^O11)\C[1(-?E(F5Z

MZ

=U=3\#JFC:/70S5:N0U.LS:8WUQ?*[-/W-/,U:N)CY%


M8YUH2W@?0O3-$I%X6#`K[99#?Y*%?G@S0KH&[TEX0T+\W4D&XXT$?HY-0

M86!L;
]P1!(:)JS)%CG&;[(8#Y2IJBOC(-=L))Z!C]6-A^BMF6R0HYG+']7)


MB6(REOZ$8)I/YLJ@N5.=)X5\DY


D
M0^P9ML








M=RL6
!$53!NS3B1\Q


^PD1



N*]E+Y==-#$.-.I
%CVUC8CNT]

MOD.+++#







M1P_\)5

`[N=9'554$@ZXQLX+K:4I8?I
M-:8K3)4USSY34U1&55?UMO'U!;6M57#.
:V;G.0/I5@0'$D5BTD.'4Y$N=`E




ZB


M:8H?O`LG`4(%NOW/@Q*7'PGU(A[/

S71\XP?DZ+F6T\N)3)\Z!I40M[#BYO


7TQ

30Q
C
Q+GAM;%54!0`#

*G


4``````ZAGY&V*%U8DC```7
M'@(`%0`8```````!````I(%@DP``:F%L82TR
#$T
3(S



C`Q-#$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54


M``#3EP``$0`8```````!````I(&M*@$`:F%L82TR
#$T
3(S


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 504
358
$ 5
670


        
12
500
        


        
47
907
3
181


        
105
733
        


        
713
000
        


        
9
230
101
029


        
1
392
728
109
880


Property and equipment
 net
20
895
3
579


        
7
262
        


        
6
560
6
560


        
1
427
445
120
019


        
        
        


        
225
655
75
371


        
101
782
195
177


        
640
000
        


Secured Convertible notes payable (less $445
000 discount)
        
        


        
202
852
523
066


        
1
170
289
793
614


        
7
373
6
576


        
828
830
2
058
243


        
2
006
492
2
858
433


        
        
        


Common stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 525
000
000 shares authorized; 426
475
671 and 97
325
231 shares issued and issuable at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
42
649
9
734


        
18
898
457
4
152
660


        
(19
522
885)
(6
904
318)


Treasury stock at cost; 4
339
555 shares
        
        


        
(579
047)
(2
738
414)


        
1
427
445
120
019


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 150
000
000 shares authorized.
1
166
3
944


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 150
000
000 shares authorized.
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 150
000
000 shares authorized.
$ 2
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer)
 for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business and an amount representing an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date within one year of the balance sheet
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection and net of any write-downs taken for collection uncertainty on the part of the holder
 respectively.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the cumulative difference between the rental income or payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 41
811


        
43
275


        
44
787


        
11
292


        
$ 141
165




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance
 beginning at Dec. 31
 2012
$ 2
950
        
        
        
$ 1
496
050
$ (2
505
972)
        
$ (1
006
972)


Balance
 beginning
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
29
502
750
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
086
        
        
        
(2
086)
        
        
        


Shares of previous holding company retained after merger
 shares
20
851
336
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of bridge notes and interest
 net of deferred financing costs
        
        
        
        
477
480
        
        
477
688


Conversion of bridge notes and interest
 net of deferred financing costs
 shares
2
076
906
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Sale of common stock in offering
 net of related fees
        
        
        
        
67
705
        
        
67
889


Sale of common stock in offering
 net of related fees
 shares
1
826
087
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
2
025
        
        
(2
833)
        
        
        


Sale of common and preferred stock
 shares
8
083
334
20
250
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
1
919
        
        
(2
298)
        
        
        


Shares issued for anti-dilution protection
 shares
3
789
473
19
191
458
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
305
        
        
        
(2
305)
        
        
        


Additional shares issued to certain Be Active Brands stockholders
 shares
23
054
778
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
1
921
761
        
        
1
921
761


Issuance of Preferred Convertible Series B Stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of treasury shares
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
(4
339
555)
        


        
        
        
        
        
99
642
        
        
100
000


Shares issuable for financing
 shares
3
584
229
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
69
650
        
        
70
000


Shares issued for consulting services
 shares
3
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
29
894
        
        
30
000


Shares issued for financing
 shares
1
056
338
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
(4
398
346)
        
(4
398
346)


Balance
 ending at Dec. 31
 2013
9
734
3
944
        
        
4
152
660
(6
904
318)
        
2
738
414


Balance
 ending
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
97
325
231
39
441
458
        
        
        
        
(4
339
555)
        


        
3
333
        
        
2
667
(6
000)
        
        
        


Sale of common and preferred stock
 shares
33
333
332
        
        
26
666
667
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued for fees and commissions for financing
 shares
599
999
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred costs related to February 14
 2014 offering
        
        
        
        
(260
696)
        
        
(260
696)


        
2
778
(2
778)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercise of Series A Preferred Stock
 shares
27
777
537
(27
777
537)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
64
950
        
        
65
000


Donation of common stock
 shares
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cashless exercise of warrants tor 91
333
335 shares issued or issuable
7
412
        
        
        
12
372
355
        
        
12
379
767


Cashless exercise of warrants tor 91
333
335 shares issued or issuable
 shares
74
130
709
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Series C Preferred Stock
 shares
6
666
667
        
        
(6
666
667)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
249
166
        
        
250
000


Purchase of common stock by officers
 shares
8
333
333
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
16
009
        
        
        
(16
009)
        
        
        


Shares issued for anti-dilution protection
 shares
160
093
335
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
639
        
        
        
162
217
        
        
163
856


Shares issuable to officers as compensation
 shares
16
385
528
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
13
167
        
        
13
300


Shares issued for consulting services
 shares
1
330
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
2
166
707
        
        
2
166
707


        
        
        
        
        
        
(12
618
567)
        
(12
618
567)


Balance
 ending at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 42
649
$ 1
166
        
$ 2
000
$ 18
898
457
$ (19
522
885)
        
$ (579
047)


Balance
 ending
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014
426
475
671
11
663
921
        
20
000
000
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
403
585
314


        
        


        
11
663
921


        
        


        
216
670
744


        
        


        
20
000
000


        
        


        
74
166
666


        
        


        
64
000
000


        
        


        
15
217
315


        
        


        
1
866
668




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On
 March 2
 2015
 the Board of Directors of the Company designated
and authorized 3
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s authorized Preferred Stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 as Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Each holder of the Series D Preferred Stock (&#147;Series D&#148;) shall have the number of votes
on all matters submitted to the stockholders that is equal to the greater of one hundred votes for each one share of Series D and
such number of votes per share of Series D that when added to the votes per shares of all other shares of Series D shall equal
50.1% of the outstanding voting record.&#160;&#160;The Series D are convertible into common stock in an amount equal to one share
of the Company&#146;s common stock for each one share of Series D.&#160;&#160;On March 9
 2015
 the Company granted as compensation
1
000
000 shares of the Series D to each of three officers of the Company to be recorded at the fair value at the date of issuance.


 2015
 the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock which
was then outstanding was cancelled and as a result
 the Company&#146;s obligation to issue any common shares in connection therewith
ended.


 2014 Securities Agreement and
sale of convertible promissory notes
 the Company in error issued to one of the investors from the February 14
 2014 financing
an aggregate of 66
666
666 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as anti-dilution protection. Instead
 the Company was required
to reserve and not issue 66
666
666 shares of the Company&#146;s Series C Preferred stock.&#160;&#160;


 2015
 the 66
666
666 shares of common stock have
been cancelled by the Company and the 66
666
666 shares of Series C Preferred shares have been reserved on behalf and at the request
of the investor.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (247
021)
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
629
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
84
104
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
105
733
    
    
    
    
    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2013
 the Company
 Be Active Acquisition Corp.
the Company&#146;s newly formed
 wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (&#147;Acquisition Sub&#148;) and Be Active Brands
 Inc.
(&#147;Brands&#148;)
 an entity incorporated in Delaware on March 10
 2009 and based in New York
 entered into an Agreement
of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the &#147;Merger Agreement&#148;). Upon closing of the transaction under the Merger
Agreement (the &#147;Merger&#148;)
 Acquisition Sub merged with and into Brands
 with Brands as the surviving corporation
and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


with Brands as the acquirer for financial reporting purposes and the Company as the acquired company.&#160;&#160;Consequently
the assets and liabilities and the operations reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Merger are those of
Brands and are recorded at the historical cost basis of Brands and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the
Merger include the assets and liabilities of the Company and Brands
 and the historical operations of the Company and Brands from
the closing date of the Merger.


in various flavors to retailers with stores in New York
 New Jersey
 Connecticut
 Massachusetts
 Rhode Island
 Maine
 Pennsylvania
Ohio and Florida
 The Company intends to expand its regional growth to a national level and global presence in sales of premium
quality low-fat
 low calorie
 low-carbohydrate
 vitamin and probiotic enriched frozen yogurt and products under the brand name
&#147;Jala&#148;.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Preferred stock
 par value per share
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
150
000
000
150
000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value per share
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
525
000
000
400
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
426
475
671
97
325
231


Common stock
 shares outstanding
426
475
671
97
325
231


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
40
000
000
40
000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
11
663
921
39
441
458


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
11
663
921
39
441
458


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value per share
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
26
666
667
        


Preferred stock
 shares issued
20
000
000
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
20
000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Credit is granted to most customers.&#160;&#160;The
Company performs periodic credit evaluations of customers&#146; financial condition and generally does not require collateral.


for 50% of sales for the year ended December 31
 2014 and represented 41% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
2014.&#160;&#160;Sales to one customer of the Company accounted for approximately 62% of sales for the year ended December 31
2013 and represented 100% of accounts receivable for the year ended December 31
 2013.






        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 6
544
118


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
426
475
671
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In accordance with FASB ASC 605-50
 the Company classifies the following
allowances as reductions of sales for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
74
856
    
    
    
164
552
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
383
    

    
    
    
30
663
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
44
329
    

    
    
    
173
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(128
995
    
    
    
117
333
    



 $173
000 of slotting fees were paid to customers in anticipation
of future sales which did not materialize as a result of the Company&#146;s lack of working capital.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (128
995)
$ 117
333


        
28
820
278
122


        
(157
815)
(160
789)


        
        
        


        
193
848
111
779


        
1
437
255
1
081
928


        
2
166
707
1
921
761


        
8
755
391
657
701


        
        
462
495


        
4
317
        


        
12
557
518
4
236
624


        
(12
715
333)
(4
397
413)


        
        
        


        
247
021
        


        
(149
963)
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        


        
96
766
        


        
$ (12
618
567)
$ (4
398
346)


        
        
        


        
211
630
013
77
483
225




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables arises from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before interest income
 interest expense
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Basic income (loss) per share is computed by
dividing the net income or loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Fully diluted income (loss) per share is computed similar to basic income (loss) per share except
that the denominator for fully diluted income per share is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would
have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued in order to present their dilutive effect unless the effect
of such potential shares would be antidilutive. Potential common shares consist of incremental common shares issuable upon the
exercise of warrants
 convertible preferred shares and convertible notes payable.


 2014
 the number of potential dilutive common
shares is comprised of the following:



    
    
    
11
663
921
    

    
    
    
216
670
744
    

    
    
    
20
000
000
    

    
    
    
74
166
666
    

    
    
    
64
000
000
    

Warrants exercisable at $0.03
 per share
    
    
15
217
315
    

    
    
    
1
866
668
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
403
585
314
    



of the Series B convertible preferred stock

ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and therefore the dilutive common shares are considered anti-dilutive and not included in the
calculation of fully diluted per share amounts.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        



    
    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
138
    
    
    
6
138
    

    
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
243
    
    
    
(2
559
    

    
    
    
20
895
    
    
    
3
579
    



 2014
the Company&#146;s previous website had no continuing value and was written off to expense. The remaining net book value that
was written off to expense was $ 7
267.&#160;&#160;In November 2014
 the Company contracted with a consultant to create a new website
which was completed at the end of December 2014 for a cost of $18
000.


 2014 and
2013 were $4
317 and $960
 respectively.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




Company and our wholly-owned subsidiary and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.&#160;&#160;All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.


 share and per
share amounts prior to the Merger have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio of 22
701:1 of common stock for
each share of Brands stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger as if the exchange had taken place as of those dates.




        
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly
 actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
The Company considers the carrying amounts of financial instruments
including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses and notes payable to approximate their fair values because
of their relatively short maturities.


        
Accounts receivable consist of amounts due from customers. The Company
records an allowance for doubtful receivables
 if necessary
 to allow for any amounts which may be unrecoverable.&#160;&#160;The
allowance is based upon an analysis of the Company&#146;s prior collection experience
 customer creditworthiness and current economic
trends. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential
for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 no allowance for doubtful accounts was required.


        
Inventory consists primarily of packaging
 raw materials and finished
goods held for distribution.&#160;&#160;Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.&#160;&#160;In
evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market
 management considers such factors as the amount of inventory
on hand and the distribution channel
 the estimated time to sell such inventory
 remaining shelf life and the current expected
market conditions.&#160;&#160;Adjustments to reduce inventory to its net realizable value are charged to cost of goods sold.


        
The Company classifies shipping and handling costs as part of selling
expense.&#160;&#160;Shipping and handling costs were $3
267 and $0 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


        
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with
original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances at several financial institutions.&#160;&#160;The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&#160;&#160;Federal legislation provides for FDIC insurance of up to $250
000.&#160;&#160;The
uninsured balance at December 31
 2014 was $254
358.


        
Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over
their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method.


are incurred. Improvements and betterments
 which extend the lives of the assets
 are capitalized. The cost and accumulated depreciation
of assets retired or otherwise disposed of are removed from the appropriate accounts and any profit or loss on the sale or disposition
of such assets is credited or charged to income.


        
The Company&#146;s derivative liabilities are related to the ratchet
reset provision of the Company&#146;s warrants to purchase common stock which prohibit the Company from concluding that the warrants
are indexed to its own stock and from the provisions of its' convertible notes payable.&#160;&#160;For derivative instruments that
are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued
at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value recognized in operations for each reporting period.&#160;&#160;The Company uses
the Black-Scholes Option-Pricing Model to value the derivative instruments of its' outstanding stock warrants at inception and
subsequent valuation dates and the value is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 815 and a binomial valuation model in connection with its' convertible debt.


        
Revenue is recognized
 net of discounts
 rebates
 promotional adjustments
price adjustments and estimated returns
 upon transfer of title and risk to the customer which occurs at shipping (F.O.B. terms).
Upon shipment
 the Company has no further performance obligations.


        
The Company recognizes compensation expense for all share-based
payment awards made to employees
 directors and others based on the estimated fair values on the date of the grant
 as subsequently
adjusted for certain contingently issuable shares (see Note 8).&#160;&#160;Common stock equivalents are valued using the Black-Scholes
Option-Pricing Model using the known or equivalent market value of common stock on the date of valuation
 an expected dividend
yield of zero
 the remaining period or maturity date of the common stock equivalent and the expected volatility of common stock.
Shares contingently issuable based on the future value of the Company&#146;s stock and the common shares outstanding at a stated
future date are periodically revalued at each balance sheet date based on the common shares currently outstanding and the current
traded price per share.


        
The Company provides for income taxes under FASB ASC 740 &#150;

 which requires the use of an assets and liabilities approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided when realization
of deferred tax assets is not considered more likely than not.


if any
 for interest in interest expense and for penalties in general and administrative expenses.


 2013
and 2014 are subject to examination by the tax authorities.


        
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Total advertising was
$31
560 and $5
843 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
An officer and Director of the Company was a partner of a public
accounting firm providing non-audit accounting services to the Company through October 30
 2014.&#160;&#160;Subsequent to October
2014
 all non-audit accounting services were performed by the officer/director of the Company in conjunction with an independent
consultant.&#160;&#160;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company incurred fees of $66
666 and $80
140
 respectively
to the accounting firm for accounting and tax services.


owned by a Company officer.&#160;&#160;Rents received totaled approximately $15
000 and&#160;were recorded as an offset to rent
expense for the year ended December 31
 2014.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Following the closing of the Merger in 2013
the Company sold an aggregate of 1
826
087 units (&#147;Units&#148;) in a private placement (&#147;Private Placement&#148;).&#160;&#160;$419
999.88
of the Units were sold at a per Unit price of $0.23.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 an aggregate of $394
612 of the then outstanding
10% convertible promissory notes and accrued interest converted into the Private Placement at a per Unit price of $0.19.&#160;&#160;Each
Unit consisted of (i) one share of the Company&#146;s common stock (or
 at the election of any investor who would
 as a result
of the purchase of Units
 become a beneficial owner of 5% or greater of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company&#146;s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) and (ii) a three year warrant to purchase shares of common stock equal to 100% of the number
of shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement at an exercise price of $0.30 per share.&#160;&#160;In connection with
the Private Placement
 the Company and the investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the &#147;Registration Rights
Agreement&#148;) whereby the Company agreed to register the shares underlying the Units and issuable upon exercise of warrants
for resale on a Registration Statement to be filed with the SEC within 60 days of the final closing of the Private Placement and
to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective within 120 days of the filing date.&#160;&#160;On May 15
 2013
 the
Registrations Rights Agreement was amended to extend the filing date from 120 days to 180 days after the closing date.&#160;&#160;On
July 2
 2013
 the Registrations Rights Agreement was further amended to extend the filing date from 180 days to 240 days after
the closing date. The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on September 25
 2013 to register an aggregate of 158
652
485
shares of the Company&#146;s stock; however
 the Registration Statement was subsequently withdrawn by the Company and has not
been re-filed.


 2013
 the Board of Directors approved
the authorization of 150
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001
 per share
 of which 40
000
000 shares have been
designated as Series A Preferred Stock.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote on all matters and
the shares are convertible to the Company&#146;s common stock in an amount equal to one share of common stock for each one share
of Series A Preferred Stock upon notice to the Company
 as defined.


 2013
 the Company commenced a
second private placement
 offering a minimum of 1
000
000 units at $0.03 per unit
 each comprised of one share of common stock
and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $0.05
 per share
 for three years. The warrants are
subject to registration rights
 as defined and cashless exercise is permitted. On April 25
 2013
 the Company consummated the private
placement which began on March 15
 2013 and sold to certain accredited investors an aggregate of 28
333
334 units with proceeds
to the Company of $850
000 less $150
000 of offering costs.&#160;&#160;The offering costs include 2
083
334 units valued at $62
500
for legal fees and a warrant to purchase up to 933
333 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.


 the Company
granted the investors demand registration rights
 commencing 30 days after the closing of the Offering and ending one year after
the closing of the Offering
 pursuant to which investors holding at least 50% of the outstanding securities sold in the Offering
may request on 60 days&#146; notice
 the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 covering
the resale of securities underlying the units.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 the Company granted the investors &#147;piggy-back&#148;
registration rights for a period of 180 days beginning on the closing date of the Offering. The Company added a Supplement to the
Security Purchase Agreement
 offering any investor of units who as a result of the purchase becomes a beneficial owner of 5% or
more of the outstanding number of common shares
 the option to purchase units consisting of one share of the Company&#146;s Series
A Preferred Convertible Stock and a warrant.


 the
Company was required to issue to investors in the January 9
 2013 private placement (the &#147;Prior Investors
 and such offering
the &#147;Prior Offering&#148;) additional shares of common stock (or
 at the election of such Prior Investor who would
 as a
result of such issuance
 become the holder of in excess of 5% of the Company&#146;s issued and outstanding common stock
 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock)
 in connection with certain anti-dilution protection provided to such Prior Investors under the terms
of the Prior Offering.&#160;&#160;As a result of the foregoing
 in April 2013
 the Company issued an aggregate of an additional
(a) 3
789
473 shares of common stock (b) 19
191
458 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (c) warrants to purchase an additional
22
980
931 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.03 per share (collectively
 the &#147;Ratchet Securities&#148;).&#160;&#160;Furthermore
the exercise price of the warrants issued in the Prior Offering was reduced to a per share exercise price of $0.03.


for such issuance
 the stockholders released the Company from actions relating to the Company&#146;s reverse-merger and various
financings as well as from any rights under that certain Agreement of Shareholders of Be Active Brands
 Inc. dated as of January
26
 2011
 management determined that it was in the best interest of its stockholders to issue additional shares of common stock
to certain of the original stockholders of Brands who
 as a result of the reverse-merger consummated on January 9
 2013
 became
stockholders of the Company.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 the Company issued an aggregate of 23
054
778 shares of common stock to these
original Brands stockholders
 exclusive of current management
 as a result of the significant dilution they experienced as a result
of the Offering.


 2013 and
April 26
 2013 private placements and conversion of debt
 the Company recorded a derivative liability related to the reset feature
on the exercise price of the warrants to purchase common stock issued by the Company.&#160;&#160;Such ratchet reset provision prohibits
the Company from concluding that the warrants are indexed to our own stock
 and thus derivative accounting is appropriate.&#160;&#160;For
derivative instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market
value and is then re-valued at each reporting date to its then fair value
 with changes in such fair value measurement recognized
in operations in the respective reporting period.&#160;&#160;The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes model to value the derivative
instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates.


 on April 26
 2013
 the Company&#146;s
Board of Directors authorized four (4) shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share as Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the &#147;Series B Preferred Stock&#148;) and issued one share of Series B Preferred Stock to each of the Company&#146;s
three senior members of management.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled such number of votes on all matters
submitted to stockholders that is equal to (i) the product of (a) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such
holder
 (b) the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock (taking into account the effective
outstanding voting rights of the Series B Preferred Stock)
 as of the record date for the vote and (c) 0.13334 less (ii) the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially held by such holder on such date.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 on the six month anniversary
date of issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock
 each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock was to automatically
 and
without further action on the part of the holder
 convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
as would cause the holder to own
 along with any other securities of the Company&#146;s beneficially owned on the conversion date
by them 13.334% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock
 calculated on the conversion date. On October 25
 2013
 the Company
amended and restated the Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to extend the date on which the Series
B Shares would automatically convert into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock
 from the date six
months from the date of issuance (October 26
 2013) to the twelfth month anniversary of the date of issuance of the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock (April 26
 2014) which on April 22
 2014
 was further extended to an indefinite date.&#160;&#160;The Company
previously recorded the three shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as stock-based compensation using the then current
estimate of the number of shares that would convert to shares of common stock of the Company based on the shares outstanding and
current price per share at each balance sheet date.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company recalculated the estimated
shares issuable to be 216
670
744 and recorded stock-based compensation of $2
166
707 for the year then ended.&#160;&#160;&#160;The
estimate is based on the current common shares outstanding at December 31
 2014
 a stock price of $0.01 per share
 and is subject
to adjustment based on any additional common shares issued.


 2014
 the holders representing
a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted the Company to increase
the number of authorized shares of the Company&#146;s common stock from 400
000
000 to 525
000
000.&#160;&#160;On March 12
 2015
the holders representing a majority of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company voted and approved and permitted
the Company to increase the number of authorized shares of the Company&#146;s common stock from 525
000
000 to 750
000
000
 effective
upon filing an amended Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware representing the amendment.


 2014
 the Company issued 500
000
shares of its common stock as a charitable donation to a not-for-profit organization valued at $65
000
 ($0.13
 per share)
 the
price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the day of grant.


 6
666
667 shares of the Company&#146;s
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to 6
666
667 shares of common stock of the Company.


 2014
 an aggregate of
270
000 shares of common stock were granted for consulting services rendered valued at $2
700.


 2014
 an aggregate of
91
333
335 warrants to purchase common stock were exercised in a cashless conversions to an aggregate of 74
130
709 shares of the
Company&#146;s common stock.


 2014
 an aggregate of
27
777
537 shares of the Company&#146;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was converted to 27
777
537 shares of common stock
of the Company.


 the warrants issued
related to these capital raises were deemed to be derivative liabilities and required additional measurement at fair value.&#160;
Accordingly
 the proceeds from these equity financings were first allocated to such fair value instruments (the warrants)
 with
the residual proceeds
 if any
 being allocated to the instruments not subsequently marked to fair value.




 2014
 the Company designated
and authorized to issue 26
666
667 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (&#147;Series C Preferred Stock&#148;)
 par
value $0.0001
 per share.&#160;&#160;Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote all matters submitted to
shareholder vote and shall be entitled to the number of votes for each shares of Series C owned at the designated record date.&#160;&#160;Each
holder of Series C Preferred Stock may convert any or all of such shares into fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock in an amount equal to one share of the Company&#146;s common stock for each one shares of Series C Preferred Stock.




 2014
 the Company sold to certain
accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 an aggregate of 33
333
332 shares of its common stock
 26
666
667 shares
of the Series C Preferred Stock and five year warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 59
999
999 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.03
 per share
 for gross proceeds of $1
800
000. Until the earlier of (i) three years from
the closing of the Offering or (ii) such time as no investor holds any shares of common stock underlying warrants or underlying
the Series C Preferred Stock
 in the event the Company issues or sells common stock&#160;&#160;at a per share price equal to less
than $0.03
 per share
 as adjusted
 the Company has agreed to issue additional securities such that the aggregate purchase price
paid by the investor shall equal the lower price issuance
 subject to certain exceptions
 as defined. The Company recorded a derivative
liability related to the reset feature on the exercise price of the warrants to purchase common stock issued by the Company.


 the Company
granted the investors &#147;piggy-back&#148; registration rights and the investors are entitled to a right of participation in
future financings conducted by the Company for a period of twenty-four months.


000
in cash
 issued an aggregate of 599
999 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock and issued a five year warrant to purchase up
to 5
399
998 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a price of $0.03 per share
 as commission in connection with the sale
of the shares and warrants. In addition
 the Company permitted the conversion of an aggregate of $13
500 of unpaid fees owed to
a consultant into 450
000 shares and warrants at the Offering price. In conjunction with the Offering
 $100
000 was placed in an
escrow account to be used for auditing and legal fees.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the balance in the escrow account is
$12
 500.


 2014
 as a component of the
Subscription Agreement
 the Company issued an aggregate of 66
333
330 warrants with a fair value determined using the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model as $11
361
278 The pricing of this Subscription Agreement triggered the reset provision in the warrants issued on
April 26
 2013.&#160;&#160;Such triggering resulted in the exercise price of the previously issued warrants resetting to $0.03.
The significant assumptions utilized by the Company in the valuation of these warrants were as follows:









 certain
members of the Company&#146;s management agreed to invest an aggregate of $250
000 in exchange for 8
333
333 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock within 30 days of the closing
 on the same terms of the agreement. The investment required by management was made
on June 24
 2014.




 concurrent with the resignation
of the Company&#146;s then chief executive officer
 the Company agreed to purchase from the former executive 4
339
555 shares
of the Company&#146;s common stock for $0.0001
 per share.&#160;&#160;These shares are reported at cost as treasury shares.




 2014
 the Company had warrants
to purchase common shares outstanding as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 9
 2013
    
    
3
902
993
    
January 9
 2016
    
    
    
    

April 26
 2013
    
    
22
980
931
    
April 26
2016
    
    
    
    

February 14
 2014
    
    
3
333
332
    
February 14
 2019
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2014
    
    
13
333
334
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
43
550
590
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2013
 the Company had warrants
to purchase common shares outstanding as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 9
 2013
    
    
3
902
993
    
January 9
 2016
    
    
    
    

April 26
 2013
    
    
28
333
334
    
April 26
 2016
    
    
    
    

April 26
 2013
    
    
22
980
931
    
April 26
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
217
258
    
    
    
    
    
    









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 2013
 amounts payable to
an officer/stockholder and two stockholders who had previously been officers comprised Due to officers/stockholders. These loans
are payable on demand without interest.


 2014
 one stockholder who had
resigned in March 2013 agreed to release the Company from its $247
021 loan obligation to him which was recorded as forgiveness
of debt income in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2014.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On December 31
 2014
 the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with certain accredited investors to sell to the Purchasers an aggregate
of up to $500
000 of principal amount of notes due December 31
 2015 representing the Purchasers&#146; subscription amount.&#160;&#160;The
Agreement defines certain covenants and provides for a purchase price reset for a period of three years
 unless the securities
have been assigned
 whereby should the Company issue or sell any shares of common stock or any common stock equivalents at a price
less than the Purchasers&#146; conversion price per share
 the Company will be required to issue additional shares of common stock
to the Purchasers for no additional consideration resulting in a share dilution adjustment
 as defined. The Agreement also provides
a Most Favored Nations Provision whereby if the Company issues or sells any common stock at terms more favorable within three
years
 then the Company will be required to amend the Agreement to provide such favorable terms to the Purchasers. The Company
paid $33
000 in legal and escrow agent fees
 a placement agency fee of $20
000 in the form of a note payable
 substantially similar
to the Purchasers&#146; notes and issued 64
000
000 shares of its common stock valued at $640
000 and $20
000 as due diligence
fees
 all of which have been recorded as debt issue costs on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and will be charged
to operations as additional interest expense&#160;over the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 or to the date of conversion
if earlier.


 the Company sold an aggregate
of $425
000 in Secured Convertible Notes (&#147;Notes&#148;) and an issued an additional $20
000 Note for placement fees.&#160;&#160;Once
the Company has fulfilled its obligations as defined by certain equity requirements
 the Notes will be convertible into shares
of the Company&#146;s common stock at the option of the Company.&#160;&#160;Until the equity obligations are met
 the Notes bear
interest at 10%
 per annum.&#160;&#160;Interest will be earned at a rate of 10% for the twelve months ending December 31
 2015
or to the date of conversion
 whichever is earlier. The conversion price for the Note and interest is equal to $0.006 per share
subject to adjustments as stock dividends and stock splits
 as defined.


security interest in assets of the Company in accordance with a Security Agreement.&#160;&#160;The Security Agreement provides
the Collateral Agent a security interest in all goods
 machinery
 equipment
 contract rights and intangibles in the event of a
default under the Agreement.


 and under
its anti-dilution provisions of the February 2014 private placement the Company issued an aggregate of 160
093
335 shares of common
stock and 13
333
334 warrants to purchase common shares at $.006 per share to existing stockholders holding securities purchased
in that offering.


in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement was determined using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model as $122
807. The Company
recorded this as an increase in the derivative liability and charge to operations. The significant assumptions utilized by the
Company in the valuation of these warrants were as follows:









 the pricing of this Agreement
triggered the pricing&#160;reset provision in the warrants issued on February 14
 2014.&#160;&#160;Such triggering resulted in
the exercise price of the previously issued warrants resetting to $0.006 from $0.03. The Company&#160;re-valued these&#160;warrants
at December 31
 2014
 using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model at $29
799
 a decrease in fair value of $541
201 over the date of grant.


Company in the valuation of these warrants were as follows:









883
924 common shares at December
31
 2014
 held by the January and April 2013 private placement investors (see note 9)&#160;do not have a cashless exercise and
were not affected by the reset provision. The Company re-valued these warrants at December 31
 2014 using the Black-Scholes Pricing
Model at $94
115
 a decrease in fair value of $874
228 from $968
343 at December 31
 2013.


Company in the valuation of these warrants were as follows:










notes issued on December 31
 2014 contain provisions that protect holders from future issuances of the Company&#146;s common stock
at prices below such convertible notes&#146; respective conversion price and these provisions could result in modification of
the conversion price to issue additional common shares based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a &#147;fixed-for-fixed&#148;
option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 &#150; 40 the conversion feature represents an embedded derivative that requires
bifurcation.


963
using a binomial valuation model.&#160;&#160;The assumptions considered in the valuation model at December 31
 2014 were:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



risk-free interest rate was determined by management using the 1 year Treasury Bill as of the respective measurement date.

volatility factor was estimated by using the historical volatilities of the Company&#146;s trading history.

determined the dividend yield to be 0% based upon its expectation that it will not pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

the estimated offering price range in future offerings as determined by management.




 the Company allocated
the proceeds to the embedded conversion derivative liability
 which exceeded the $445
000 face amount of the convertible debt at
the issuance date. The proceeds allocated to the embedded conversion derivative liability were recognized as a discount to the
convertible debt. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company recorded aggregate debt discounts of $445
000 related to the conversion
rights and recorded $149
963 of expense related to the excess value of the derivative over the face amount of the convertible debt.


over the life of the convertible debentures using an effective interest method.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 2014
 management has evaluated
and concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's financial statements.


 2014 and 2013
 the Company
has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $5
600
000 and $4
000
000
 respectively
 to reduce future Federal and state
taxable income through 2033 and $4
100
000 and $1
922
000
 respectively of temporary differences in the timing of the deduction
for certain stock-based compensation. However
 as a result of the recent and potential changes in the share ownership of the Company
future utilization of the net operating losses may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Service.&#160;&#160;The
maximum net operating loss carryforward which could be utilized as of December 31
 2014 pursuant to Section 382 for Be Active Brands
is $185
000 a year
 based on the approximately $2
500
000 losses incurred prior to the Merger.


related deferred tax assets of $3
688
000 at December 31
 2014 is not considered more likely than not
 a valuation allowance of
$3
688
000 at December 30
 2014 has been provided. The valuation allowance increased by $1
439
000 from December 31
 2013. Certain
charges for operations for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 related to derivative liabilities resulting from equity and
debt issuances have no income tax effect and are not considered above.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        
$ 7
267
        


        
18
000
        


        
$ 4
317
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2013
 the Company entered into an employment
agreement with its then chief executive officer for a term of two years
 to be automatically renewed for successive one year periods
thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The agreement provided for a base
annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#146;s regular payroll practices and an
annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined. The agreement included other
benefits and future grants under the Company&#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. On March 22
 2013
 the Company&#146;s chief executive
officer
 resigned from all positions he held with the Company and was serving as a consultant to the Company for $150
000 a year
plus the other provisions as provided in the original employment contract. In May 2013
 the prior executive officer agreed to reduce
the annual fee to $90
000 until the Company has sufficient capital to increase the compensation to $150
000 per year. Through December
31
 2013
 the Company paid to the former officer approximately $37
000 on a consulting basis. On February 27
 2014
 the former
officer agreed to end his agreement with the Company for a flat fee of $34
600 which was accrued as of December 31
 2013 and paid
in cash in February 2014.


 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief financial officer for a term of three years
 to be automatically
renewed for successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement.
The agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#146;s
regular payroll practices and includes other Company benefits.&#160;&#160;The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under
the Company&#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 6
385
528
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer
at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
 2015. Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was
$63
216 based on the traded price of the Company&#146;s common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#146;s
employment agreements consist of $66
666 paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through October 2014
(Note 13); $33
577 in compensation paid directly to the Officer for the period October 1
 2014 through December 31
 2014
 and $80
140
paid to the public accounting firm where the Officer was a partner through December 31
 2013.


 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
the Company entered into an employment agreement with its President for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for
successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The
agreement provides for a base annual salary of $150
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#146;s regular
payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and
includes other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive
Plan.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
at December 31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on
January 9
 2015.&#160;&#160;Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $49
500 based on the traded price
of the Company&#146;s common stock on that date.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#146;s employment agreements
for years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $151
731 and $150
000
 respectively.


 2013
 extended and revised October 1
 2014
the Company entered into an employment agreement with its secretary for a term of three years
 to be automatically renewed for
successive one year periods thereafter unless either party provides written notice of intention not to renew the agreement. The
agreement provides for a base annual salary of $135
000
 paid in periodic installments in accordance with the Company&#146;s regular
payroll practices and an annual bonus
 subject to clawback provisions
 based on reaching certain financial targets as defined and
include other Company benefits. The Agreement entitles the officer to future grants under the Company&#146;s 2013 Equity Incentive
Plan. In addition
 the Company has awarded the Officer a bonus of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at December
31
 2014 which will vest immediately and will be purchased by the Officer at par value. These shares were issued on January 9
2015.&#160;&#160;Total compensation for these shares recorded at December 31
 2014 was $49
500 based on the traded price of the
Company&#146;s common stock on that date. Costs incurred pursuant to the Officer&#146;s employment agreements for years ended
December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $137
134 and $135
000
 respectively. In addition
 the Officer of the Company was instrumental in
securing a marketing and a sales representative agreement and received a bonus of $65
000 for these services in June 2014.




 2013
 the Company entered into a five year and one
month lease for space in Great Neck
 New York
 effective February 17
 2013
 with base rent at $39
260
 per year
 subject to certain
increases as defined.&#160;&#160;The lease agreement requires two months annual rent as a security deposit and the personal guaranty
of the President of the Company. The rent is due in monthly installments commencing April 1
 2013; rent expense is being recorded
on a straight line basis over the term of the lease.&#160;&#160;The difference between the rent payments made and straight line
basis has been recorded as deferred rent. Rent expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $26
518 and $31
175
respectively.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
41
811
    

    
    
    
43
275
    

    
    
    
44
787
    

    
    
    
11
292
    

    
    
    
141
165
    





 the Company entered into an Investor Relations Consulting
Agreement (Agreement) with an investor relations firm to provide consulting services regarding financial markets and exchanges
competitors
 business acquisitions and other aspects of or concerning the Company&#146;s business. The Agreement is for a term
of twelve months commencing August 16
 2013
 with a one month cancellation option for either party. The Agreement called for a
monthly consulting and services fee of $2
000. In addition
 the Company agreed to grant to the consultant an aggregate of 3
500
000
shares of the Company&#146;s restricted stock
 valued at $70
000
 ($0.02
 per share)
 the price of the stock at the time of the
Agreement. $52
500 of the consulting fee was recognized as of December 31
 2013
 with the remaining $17
500 recognized in the first
quarter of 2014.


 2014
 the Agreement was renewed and amended for
a term of twelve months with the monthly service fee reduced to $1
500.

Reserve
Financing Agreement


 2013
 the Company entered into a Term Sheet with
a capital investor whereby the Company has the right to issue up to $5
000
000 of the Company&#146;s common stock to the investor
over a term of three years in exchange for cash advances to the Company. Upon execution of the Term Sheet on October 31
 2013
the Company paid the investor $30
000 of the Company&#146;s restricted common stock (1
056
338 shares at $0.0284 per share)
 priced
off of the closing bid price the day before the Term Sheet was signed.


 2013
 the investor delivered to the Company a Reserve
Financing Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;)
 which was executed by the Company on January 6
 2014.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement
 the Company may require the investor to purchase advance shares
 as defined
 at a purchase price of 90%
of the market price of the average of the three lowest best closing prices of the stock during the fifteen consecutive weekday
trading days immediately after the date on which the Company provides an advance notice
 as defined. The dollar amount of common
stock sold to the investor in each advance may be up to $250
000; however
 each advance is not to exceed more than 350% of the
average daily trading volume for a previous 15 day period.&#160;&#160;The Company was required to reserve fifty million shares
of its common stock for the issuance of the securities to the investor and had provided certain representations and warranties
under the Agreement. Unless terminated earlier
 as defined
 the Agreement was to terminate automatically on the earlier of the
first day of the month following the 6-month anniversary of the effective date or the date on which the investor shall have made
payment of advances pursuant to the Agreement in the aggregate of the commitment amount of $5
000
000.


 the Company issued to the investor
3
584
229 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 equal to two percent of the commitment amount which is $100
000.&#160;&#160;This
amount was expensed as of December 31
 2013.


 2014
 the Company and the investor mutually agreed
to terminate the agreement.




 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to participate
in a merchandising relationship which can be terminated by either party with forty-five days written notification to the other
party.&#160;&#160;In consideration of its participation
 the Company agreed to pay a monthly fee to the merchandiser of 4.0% of
gross sales of the Company&#146;s product.&#160;&#160;In accordance with the agreement
 all slotting fees are waived on all new
items and the merchandiser will review all new items brought into the warehouse six months from the initial distribution date to
determine whether the item is selling at an appropriate rate. The Company will provide the merchandising group with competitive
promotional allowances as defined. As of December 31
 2014
 $1
500 in fees was incurred under this agreement.




 2014
 the Company entered into a contract with
a sales representative to increase the demand for and promote the products of the Company and to provide marketing services as
defined. In exchange for these services
 the sales representative is entitled to a commission of 3.0% of net sales
 as defined.
There is no minimum monthly commission for the initial twelve months and the representative will also be entitled to an additional
performance bonus
 as defined. The contract is on a month to month basis and may be terminated by either party with thirty days
written notice to the other party. As of December 31
 2014
 no fees were incurred under this agreement.




Board to four and the appointment of a new director to fill the vacancy on June 25
 2014
 the Company agreed to grant 2
100
000
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to the new director which would vest in three equal installments
 as defined. On December
4
 2014
 the director resigned from his position on the Board and agreed to accept 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common
stock as full compensation for his service to the Board valued at $10
000.




 the Company entered into an agreement with a contractor
to provide social media management services. The agreement continues through completion of the project and is subject to early
cancellation with fifteen days&#146; notice prior to the date of cancellation. Fees for the services are $3
179
 per month. As
of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $8
019 under the agreement.




 the Company entered into an agreement appointing
a food broker as its sole and exclusive representative for one year terms to provide services related to negotiating the sale of
the Company&#146;s products within a defined territory. The food broker will receive a guaranteed monthly income of $3
500 for
the first seven months of the agreement and a commission of 5% on each sale to be computed on the net invoice price as defined.
Until such time as the commissions reach $3
500 per month
 the Company will continue to pay the $3
500 monthly income. The agreement
will be in effect from year to year and may be terminated by either party with ninety days written notice.&#160;&#160;All commissions
earned will be paid during the ninety day transition period and will continue for an additional ninety days after the termination
date.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $10
500 under the agreement.




 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement
with a consultant to provide public relations services for a monthly retainer of $4
000 and 240
000 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock to be issued equally in installments that vest over a twelve month period. The agreement may be terminated in writing
with two months&#146; notice.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred expense of $16
000 and issued 20
000 shares
with an additional 60
000 shares owed
 of the Company&#146;s common stock under the agreement recorded at a price of $.01 per
share.




 2014
 an action was commenced against the Company and
two of its officers in the Supreme Court of the State of New York
 County of Nassau.&#160;&#160;The action relates to restricted
shares of the Company acquired by the plaintiff which the plaintiff allegedly sought to sell.&#160;&#160;The complaint asserts
claims under various theories
 including conversion
 breach of contract
 breach of fiduciary duty
 fraudulent misrepresentation
and unjust enrichment
 and seeks damages in excess of five million dollars.


 2014
plaintiff filed its opposition to the Company&#146;s motion on or about July 29
 2014.&#160;&#160;On September 2
 2014 the Motion
to Dismiss was denied.&#160;&#160;On October 6
 2014
 the Company submitted a verified Answer to the Complaint.&#160;&#160;On February
25
 2015
 the Company attended a mediation session
 the outcome of which has not been decided.&#160; Management believes that any
settlement from the above action will be covered by the Company's director's and officer's insurance policy.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 2014
 the number of potential dilutive common
shares is comprised of the following:



    
    
    
11
663
921
    

    
    
    
216
670
744
    

    
    
    
20
000
000
    

    
    
    
74
166
666
    

    
    
    
64
000
000
    

Warrants exercisable at $0.03
 per share
    
    
15
217
315
    

    
    
    
1
866
668
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
403
585
314
    



of the Series B convertible preferred stock






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ (12
618
567)
$ (4
398
346)


        
        
        


        
4
317
        


        
65
000
        


        
        
462
495


        
149
963
        


        
(247
021)
        


        
(10
900)
        


        
8
755
391
657
701


        
2
166
707
1
921
761


Stock bonus - officers
 net of cash paid
162
217
        


        
13
300
70
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
(12
500)
        


        
(44
726)
32
976


        
(7
262)
        


        
(105
733)
276
644


        
        
(6
560)


        
91
800
(93
732)


        
        
6
576


        
(10
733)
        


        
56
888
(35
198)


        
(1
591
062)
(1
103
774)


        
        
        


        
        
(3
862)


        
        
        


        
(53
000)
        


        
        
(50
000)


        
1
800
000
1
120
000


        
(260
696)
99
011


        
425
000
        


        
        
        


        
251
639
        


        
(73
193)
(61
723)


        
2
089
750
1
106
854


        
498
688
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
5
670
6
452


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
504
358
5
670


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 2
350
$ 3
944




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables arises from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
629
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
84
104
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
105
733
    
    
    
    
    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As of December 31
 2014
 the Company had warrants
to purchase common shares outstanding as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 9
 2013
    
    
3
902
993
    
January 9
 2016
    
    
    
    

April 26
 2013
    
    
22
980
931
    
April 26
2016
    
    
    
    

February 14
 2014
    
    
3
333
332
    
February 14
 2019
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2014
    
    
13
333
334
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
43
550
590
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2013
 the Company had warrants
to purchase common shares outstanding as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 9
 2013
    
    
3
902
993
    
January 9
 2016
    
    
    
    

April 26
 2013
    
    
28
333
334
    
April 26
 2016
    
    
    
    

April 26
 2013
    
    
22
980
931
    
April 26
 2016
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
217
258
    
    
    
    
    
    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      





    


    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
4
355
590
55
217
258


        
        
        


        
3
902
993
3
902
993


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
22
980
931
28
333
334


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
3
333
332
22
980
931


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
13
333
334
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
Effective January 9
 2013
 the Company adopted a Stock Option Plan
(&#147;Plan&#148;) to provide an incentive to attract
 retain and reward persons performing services
 including employees
 consultants
directors and other persons determined by the Board
 through equity awards. The Plan shall continue in effect until its termination
by the Board provided that all awards are granted within ten years
 as defined.


 2014
 no awards have been granted under the Plan.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













