

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001772016-19-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20191122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20191122
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELLRING BRANDS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				834096323
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39093
		FILM NUMBER:		191239748
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-644-6400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144












		

	
Washington
For the fiscal year ended September&#160;30
BELLRING BRANDS
2503 S. Hanley Road
 St. Louis
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Class A Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
The Registrant completed the initial public offering of its Class A Common Stock on October 21
 2019. Accordingly
 there was no public market for the Registrant&#8217;s Class A Common Stock as of March 31
 2019
Number of shares of Class A Common Stock
 $0.01 par value
 outstanding as of November 18
 2019: 39
428
*The registrant completed its initial public offering on October 21
 2019 and
 accordingly
 has not been subject to the reporting requirements under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
Certain portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement for its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders
 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after September&#160;30
 2019
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
Forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of Section&#160;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 and Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 are made throughout this report. These forward-looking statements are sometimes identified from the use of forward-looking words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;target
&#8221; &#8220;is likely
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;would&#8221; or the negative of these terms or similar expressions elsewhere in this report. Our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on management&#8217;s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could affect expected results. Those risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
our dependence on a limited number of third party contract manufacturers and suppliers for the manufacturing of most of our products
our reliance on a limited number of third party suppliers to provide certain ingredients and packaging
 higher freight costs
 significant volatility in the costs or availability of certain raw materials
disruptions in our supply chain
allegations that our products cause injury or illness
legal and regulatory factors
 such as compliance with existing laws and regulations and changes to and new laws and regulations affecting our business
our high leverage
our ability to manage our growth and to identify
risks related to our ongoing relationship with Post Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Post&#8221;)
 including Post&#8217;s control over us and ability to control the direction of our business
 conflicts of interest or disputes that may arise between Post and us and our obligations under various agreements with Post
the loss of
disruptions in the United States and global capital and credit markets
costs
 business disruptions and reputational damage associated with information technology failures
risks associated with our public company status
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee that the future results
 levels of activity
 performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover
On October 21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. completed its initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) of 39.4 million shares of Class A common stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#8220;Class A Common Stock&#8221;)
 at a public offering price of $14.00 per share
 which includes 5.1 million shares issued pursuant to the underwriters&#8217; option to purchase additional shares. As a result of the IPO
 BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s Class A Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol &#8220;BRBR&#8221;. BellRing Brands
 Inc. received approximately $524.4 million in proceeds
 net of underwriting discounts and commissions
 which it used to acquire a number of newly issued non-voting common units of BellRing Brands
 LLC equal to the number of shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock sold in the IPO. For additional information regarding our history and our organizational structure following the IPO
Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires
 all references in this report to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;the Company&#8221; and &#8220;our Company&#8221; refer to (1)&#160;after the completion of our IPO
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 including BellRing Brands
 LLC
 Premier Nutrition Company
 LLC (the successor of Premier Nutrition Corporation
 &#8220;Premier Nutrition&#8221;)
 Dymatize Enterprises
 LLC (&#8220;Dymatize&#8221;)
 Supreme Protein
 LLC
&#32;brand and Active Nutrition International GmbH (formerly known as Power Bar Europe GmbH
 &#8220;Active Nutrition International&#8221;)
 and (2)&#160;prior to the completion of our IPO
 the Active Nutrition business of Post Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Post&#8221;)
 which
 effective as of Post&#8217;s quarter ended June&#160;30
 2015
 had been comprised of the operations and business of Premier Nutrition
 Dymatize
 Supreme Protein
&#32;brand and also included Active Nutrition International GmbH
 and all references in this report to BellRing Brands
 Inc. or BellRing Brands
We are a leader in the global convenient nutrition category
 aiming to enhance the lives of our consumers by providing them with highly nutritious
 great-tasting products they can enjoy throughout the day. Our primary brands
 
 
 target a broad range of consumers and compete in all major product forms
 including RTD protein shakes
 powders and nutrition bars. Our products are distributed across a diverse network of channels including club
 food
 drug and mass (&#8220;FDM&#8221;)
 eCommerce
&#160;in our year ended September 30
&#32;in our year ended September 30
 2019. Over the same period
&#32;in our year ended September 30
&#32;in our year ended September 30
BellRing Brands
 Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on March&#160;20
 2019 in connection with our IPO. Upon completion of a series of transactions in connection with the IPO (the &#8220;formation transactions&#8221;)
 BellRing Brands
 LLC became the holder of Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition business
 which
 effective as of Post&#8217;s quarter ended June&#160;30
 2015
 and until the completion of our IPO
 had been comprised of Premier Nutrition
&#32;brand and also included Active Nutrition International
In its year ended September 30
 2013
 Post acquired Premier Nutrition
 which
 at the time
&#32;brand. Premier Nutrition
 Inc. was founded in 1997
 and Joint Juice
 Inc. was founded in 1999. In 2011
 Joint Juice
&#32;brand and related assets from Premier Nutrition
 Inc. via a corporate restructuring
 and the resulting entity assumed the name Premier Nutrition Corporation. Premier Nutrition&#8217;s products are primarily manufactured under co-manufacturing agreements at various third party facilities located in the U.S. and Europe
 with the exception of a portion of Premier Nutrition&#8217;s nutrition bars manufactured at our Voerde
 Germany facility. Effective September 30
 2019
 Premier Nutrition converted to a limited liability company and changed its corporate name to Premier Nutrition Company
In its year ended September 30
 2014
 Post acquired Dymatize
 which
 at the time
&#32;brand in 2012. At the time of the Post acquisition
&#32;products were manufactured by Dymatize at its manufacturing facility in Farmers Branch
 Texas and by various co-manufacturers. By the end of its year ended September 30
 2015
 Dymatize transferred all production to third parties under co-manufacturing agreements and ceased in-house production. In its year ended September 30
 2017
In its year ended September 30
 2015
&#32;brands
manufacturing facilities in Boise
 Idaho and Voerde
&#32;brand was founded in 1986. In its year ended September 30
 2015
&#32;brand. In that same year
 Post also ceased all production at
 and thereafter sold
&#32;products are currently manufactured under co-manufacturing agreements at various third party facilities located in the U.S. and Europe
 with the exception of a portion of the brand&#8217;s nutrition bar and gel products
 which continue to be manufactured at our Voerde
In connection with our IPO
Premier Nutrition
 Dymatize
 Supreme Protein
 LLC and Active Nutrition International
 the entities that formerly comprised the Active Nutrition business of Post
 became direct or indirect subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
 LLC (formerly Dymatize Holdings
BellRing Brands
 Inc. became a holding company
 and has no material assets other than its ownership of non-voting common units of BellRing Brands
 LLC (&#8220;BellRing Brands
The members of BellRing Brands
 LLC consist of Post and BellRing Brands
 Inc. As of November 22
 2019
 Post owns 71.2% of the economic interests in BellRing Brands
 LLC
 and BellRing Brands
 Inc. (and
 indirectly
 the holders of our Class A Common Stock) owns 28.8% of the economic interests in BellRing Brands
Post holds one share of BellRing Brands
 Inc. Class&#160;B common stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#8220;Class B Common Stock&#8221;). For so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) directly own more than 50% of BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 the share of Class B Common Stock represents&#160;67% and the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock represent 33%
 respectively
 of the combined voting power of the common stock of BellRing Brands
 Inc. By virtue of its ownership of the Class B Common Stock
 Post controls BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 Inc. holds the voting membership unit of BellRing Brands
 LLC (which represents the power to appoint and remove the members of the board of managers of BellRing Brands
 LLC (the &#8220;Board of Managers&#8221;) and no economic interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC) and BellRing Brands
 Inc. appointed the members of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Board of Managers
 and therefore
 controls BellRing Brands
The financial results of BellRing Brands
 LLC and its subsidiaries are consolidated with BellRing Brands
 Inc.
See Note 14 within &#8220;Notes to Combined Financial Statements&#8221; included in Part II
We operate in the global convenient nutrition category
 a rapidly-growing and on-trend category within the food and beverage industry. The United States (the &#8220;U.S.&#8221;) is our primary market and is the largest and most developed market in the world for our category. We believe the U.S. convenient nutrition category can be broken down into four key consumer need states as defined by our management: everyday nutrition
 adult nutrition
While we believe most brands in the convenient nutrition category are positioned to appeal to consumers primarily in one need state
&#32;has developed brand equities and product value propositions to appeal to a broad range of consumer need states. We primarily compete in the everyday nutrition and sports nutrition consumer need states
&#32;brands are focused primarily on sports nutrition
Our portfolio consists of our primary brands
 
 
and two secondary brands
. Together our brands cover the major product forms in the convenient nutrition category and appeal to a broad range of consumer need states. Our net sales by brand for our year ended September 30
Premier Protein
Dymatize
; PowerBar
; and other
Three product forms have accounted for the majority of our net sales over the last three fiscal years. In our year ended September 30
 2019
&#32;of our net sales
&#32;of our net sales. In our year ended September 30
 2018
 RTD protein shakes and other RTDs were 74% of our net sales
 powders were 14% of our net sales and nutrition bars were 11% of our net sales. In our year ended September 30
 2017
 RTD protein shakes and other RTDs were 66% of our net sales
Our largest brand
 
 is a leading mainstream
&#8217;s product portfolio consists of RTD protein shakes
 refreshing protein beverages
&#8217;s flagship 11 ounce RTD protein shakes contain 30 grams of protein with only one gram of sugar and 160 calories. They are gluten-and soy-free
 low fat and fortified with 24 vitamins and minerals. Our RTD protein shakes are formulated to deliver great-tasting
&#32;has accelerated efforts to expand its portfolio of high protein products across new product forms. The brand expanded into protein powders and refreshing protein beverages and launched a new nutrition bar line in our year ended September 30
&#8217;s powder portfolio consists of 100% whey protein products that contain 30 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. In refreshing protein beverages
&#32;beverages are positioned as thirst quenching
As of September 30
 2019
&#8217;s portfolio includes a nutrition bar offering 30 grams of protein and three grams of fiber with no artificial sweeteners. The nutrition bars deliver high protein
 great-tasting portable nutrition. We also expanded the portfolio in our year ended September 30
Internationally
&#32;also is sold in the club channel in Mexico
&#32;brand is a market leader targeting fitness enthusiasts who value the brand for its science-based product development and athletic performance focus. The brand&#8217;s portfolio includes an assortment of sports nutrition products
&#32;made with hydrolyzed 100% Whey Protein Isolate
 
 the brand&#8217;s flagship product
In addition to powders
&#32;offers a suite of products to meet the needs of athletes
targets a range of consumers from committed athletes to active individuals. The brand delivers nutrient dense products to fuel consumers with ambitious
&#32;is positioned as a high-quality brand internationally and has a notable presence in Western Europe. The brand also has recently expanded into eCommerce as well as the FDM channels to drive incremental scale. In North America
&#32;product portfolio has been optimized to focus on its most successful product offering
&#32;line can be found in food
In addition to our primary brands
&#32;is a line of multi-layered
 indulgent protein bars targeted towards consumers seeking a nutritious
We sell our products domestically and in more than fifty countries globally. In the U.S.
 which represented 86% of our net sales in our year ended September 30
 2019
 we utilize a direct sales force in multiple channels
 including club
 FDM
 convenience
 specialty and eCommerce. We also sell through a broker network for customers in the convenience
 grocery and mass channels
In international markets
&#32;of our net sales in our year ended September 30
 2019
the European Union (the &#8220;E.U.&#8221;) and the U.K. for multiple channels
 including FDM
 convenience
Our largest customers
 Costco and Walmart and its affiliates (which includes Sam&#8217;s Club)
&#32;of our net sales in our year ended September 30
We maintain a dedicated multi-faceted and consumer-driven marketing strategy for each of our primary brands
&#32;marketing initiatives are focused on increasing awareness to drive product trial and adoption as well as expanding household penetration among this group of consumers. As part of its marketing strategy
&#32;leverages its fans&#8217; enthusiasm for the brand to spread the word of our products. The brand utilizes an influencer marketing program called &#8220;Premier Shakers&#8221; that leverages micro-influencers
&#8217;s marketing strategy is focused on retailer-specific programs
also utilizes a social media influencer model
 &#8220;Team Dymatize
&#8221; engaging with athletes. This team promotes product usage via personal social media channels to drive awareness for the brand among its target demographic. 
&#8217;s marketing efforts include retailer programs
&#8217;s key initiatives are focused on the European market
We continue to improve and expand our product offerings with new flavors
 ingredients and packaging options. We leverage our dedicated innovation team
 supplemented by leading design firms
 product development companies
We primarily engage contract manufacturers and third party logistics firms to manufacture and distribute our products. We own a manufacturing operation in Voerde
&#32;Raw materials used in our business consist of ingredients and packaging materials purchased from local
 regional and international suppliers. Our principal ingredients include milk-based
 whey-based and soy-based proteins and protein blends. Our primary packaging materials include aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons
 aseptic plastic bottles
 plastic jars and lids
 flexible film
&#32;We primarily engage third party contract manufacturers in North America and the E.U. to produce our finished goods. We receive products from our contract manufacturers
 which include all packaging and ingredients used
 for an agreed-upon tolling charge for each item produced as well other minor costs. We also own a nutrition bar and gel-filling line plant in Voerde
 Germany that supplies some of the products for our 
We regularly monitor the capacity and performance of our contract manufacturing partners and qualify new suppliers as needed. In order to secure supply of most of our RTD protein shakes
 our relationships with these third parties are subject to minimum volume commitments
 whereby these third party contract manufacturers have committed to produce
 and we have committed to purchase
 a minimum quantity of product. Given the growth profile of our primary products
From three separate and geographically diverse manufacturing locations
&#32;RTD shake supply for our year ended September 30
 2019. Under the terms of a manufacturing agreement with the manufacturer
 Premier Nutrition is required to purchase a minimum annual order volume of RTD protein shakes and has the right (but not the obligation) to order quantities in excess of a monthly minimum amount provided the manufacturer has the capacity and the ability to produce such additional quantities. In addition
manufacturing agreement
 the manufacturer has committed to produce an annual minimum volume of RTD protein shakes. The manufacturing agreement also contains detailed provisions regarding the product specifications and quality standards for the products to be manufactured and packaged by the manufacturer
 the tolling charges for each item produced (and certain other costs) to be paid by Premier Nutrition (and related payment terms)
 shipping and storage obligations
 the rights of a party in the event the other party does not comply with its obligations under the manufacturing agreement and other customary contractual terms and conditions. The manufacturing agreement expires on December 31
We regularly evaluate our contract manufacturing arrangements to ensure the cost-effective manufacturing of our products. We select our manufacturing partners based on expertise
 quality
 cost and location. Our quality assurance team frequently monitors manufacturing partners to ensure our partners meet our rigorous processing and quality standards
 detailed in our Quality Expectations Manual
 including requirements for third party certification of Good Manufacturing Practices. Our owned production plant in Voerde
 Germany is additionally certified to one of the international Food Safety Standards (ISO/FSSC 22.000
 IFS or BRC)
&#32;In North America
 our products typically are shipped directly from our contract manufacturing partners to a network of third party warehouses. Products are distributed from third party warehouses to customer distribution centers or retail stores or are exported to international customers. Occasionally
We maintain two third party warehouse locations in Germany
 both of which receive products from our production facility located in Voerde
We compete with other brands in the convenient nutrition category and with many nutritional food and beverage players. We have numerous competitors of varying sizes
 including manufacturers of other branded food and beverage products
 as well as manufacturers of private label products. Competition in our industry is based on product quality
 taste
 functional benefits
 convenience
 brand loyalty and positioning
 product variety
 product packaging
 shelf space
 price
We have experienced in the past
 and expect to continue to experience
 seasonal fluctuations in our sales and earnings before interest and taxes (&#8220;EBIT&#8221;) margins because of consumer spending patterns and timing of promotional activity. Historically
 our first quarter of the fiscal year is seasonally low for net sales for all brands driven by a slowdown of consumption of our products during the holiday season and during colder weather
 which impacts outdoor activities. However
A description of our working capital practices is included in Part II
During our year ended September 30
 2019
 our aggregate capital expenditures were 
 


 
. Our owned trademarks are
 in most cases
 protected through registration in the U.S. or Germany
 as well as in many other countries where the related brands or products are sold. We also own
 or have applications pending
 for several patents in the U.S. and other countries. While our patent portfolio as a whole is material to our business
 no one patent or group of related patents is material to our business. In addition
 we have copyrights
 proprietary trade secrets
 technology
We rely on a combination of trademark law
 copyright law
 trade secrets
 non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and provisions in agreements and other measures to establish and protect our proprietary rights to our products
 packaging
Governmental Regulation
Along with our contract manufacturers
 distributors and ingredient and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to regulation by federal
 state and local governmental entities and agencies in the U.S.
 as well as similar regulations in Canada
 Mexico
 Europe and other international locations
 including food safety laws
 labor and employment laws
 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 consumer protection regulations
 worker health and safety regulations
Our products are regulated in the U.S. either as food or dietary supplements
 which internationally may be regulated as pharmaceuticals or other health food categories. As a producer and distributor of goods for human consumption
 we must comply with stringent production
 storage
 recordkeeping
 distribution
 labeling and marketing standards established by the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Federal Trade Commission and individual states within the U.S. We also must comply with standards established by similar regulatory agencies in Canada
 Mexico
 the E.U. and elsewhere. In addition
 some of our products are produced and marketed under contract as part of special certification programs such as organic
 kosher or non-GMO
 and must comply with the strict standards of federal
 state and third party certifying organizations. Products that do not meet regulatory or third party standards may be considered adulterated or misbranded and subject to withdrawal or recall. Additionally
 following the adoption of the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the FDA is implementing additional regulations focused on the prevention of food contamination
 more frequent inspection of high-risk facilities
Our manufacturing facility in Germany is subject to certain safety regulations
 including the German Occupational Safety and Health Regulation. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. Additionally
 some of the food commodities on which our business relies are subject to governmental agricultural programs (e.g.
 subsidies and import/export regulations)
 which have substantial effects on the prices and supplies of these commodities. In addition
 we are subject to various federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations regarding data privacy
 including the E.U.&#8217;s General Data Protection Regulation and Privacy Shield
 which apply to certain aspects of our business and deal with the collection and use of personal information obtained from data subjects of the E.U. Our business also is subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters
 including air quality
 wastewater and storm water management
 waste handling and disposal and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. In the U.S.
 the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act (&#8220;Proposition 65&#8221;)
 among others. Internationally
 our operations
 including our manufacturing facility in Germany
 are subject to local and national regulations similar to those applicable to us in the U.S. We have made
 and will continue to make
We have approximately 400 employees as of November 1
 2019. Of these employees
 approximately 200 are in the U.S.
The section below provides information regarding our executive officers as of November 22
 2019:
 age 53
 has served as our Executive Chairman since September 2019 and serves as our co-principal executive officer. Mr.&#160;Vitale has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Post
 and a member of Post&#8217;s board of directors
 since November 2014. Previously
 Mr.&#160;Vitale served as Chief Financial Officer of Post from October 2011 until November 2014. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AHM Financial Group
 LLC
 a diversified provider of insurance brokerage and wealth management services
 from 2006 until 2011 and previously was a partner of Westgate Equity Partners
 LLC
 a consumer-oriented private equity firm. Mr. Vitale is a member of the board of directors of 8th Avenue Food &amp; Provisions
 Inc.
 a private brand-centric consumer products holding company owned by Post and funds affiliated with Thomas H. Lee Partners
 L.P. Mr.&#160;Vitale also has served on the board of directors of Energizer Holdings
 Inc.
 a publicly traded manufacturer of primary batteries
 portable lighting products and automotive
 appearance
 performance and fragrance products
 since August 2017. Mr.&#160;Vitale earned his undergraduate degree from St. Louis University and his MBA from Washington University. 
 age 46
 has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2019
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors since the completion of our IPO and serves as our co-principal executive officer. Until the completion of the IPO
 Ms.&#160;Davenport served as President of Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition business since October 2017 and as President of Premier Nutrition
 which became a subsidiary of BellRing Brands
 Inc. upon completion of our IPO
 since November 2016. Ms.&#160;Davenport previously served as General Manager of Premier Nutrition from October 2014 to November 2016 and Vice President of Marketing from October 2011 to October 2014. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition
 Ms.&#160;Davenport served as Director of Brand Marketing at Joint Juice
 Inc.
 a liquid dietary supplement manufacturer
 from May 2009 to October 2011
 when it combined with Premier Nutrition. Ms.&#160;Davenport has served as a member of the board of directors of Blentech Corporation
 a company focusing on developing custom-made
 food processing solutions including equipment
 integrated systems and software
 
 age 47
 has served as Senior Vice President
 Marketing of Premier Nutrition
 which became a subsidiary of BellRing Brands
 Inc. upon completion of our IPO
 since July 2015. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition
 Mr. Cornille was Brand Director at Clif Bar &amp; Company
 a manufacturer of various food products
 from August 2011 to July 2015 and was Senior Brand Manager at Dreyer&#8217;s Grand Ice Cream Holdings
 Inc.
 a manufacturer of ice cream and frozen yogurt
 from September 2003 to August 2011. Mr. Cornille earned his undergraduate degree from Rhodes College and attended Oxford University
 St. John&#8217;s College. Mr. Cornille earned his MBA from Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business. 
 age 65
 has served as Senior Vice President
 Sales of Premier Nutrition
 which became a subsidiary of BellRing Brands
 Inc. upon completion of our IPO
 since March 2012. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition
 Mr. Partin was Director of Sales of Joint Juice
 Inc.
 a liquid dietary supplement manufacturer that combined with Premier Nutrition in October 2011
 from September 2008 to March 2012. Mr. Partin previously was a general manager of Dreyer&#8217;s Grand Ice Cream Holdings
 Inc.
 a manufacturer of ice cream and frozen yogurt
 from November 1982 to September 2008. Mr. Partin is a graduate of Virginia Commonwealth University - School of Business.
 age 49
 has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September 2019 and serves as our principal financial officer. Mr.&#160;Rode served as Chief Financial Officer of Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition business from May 2015 until the completion of the IPO and as Chief Financial Officer of Consumer Brands
 a prior reporting segment of Post
 from November 2014 to May 2015. Mr.&#160;Rode previously served as Vice President
 Finance of Post from January 2014 to November 2014 and Vice President
 Corporate Development of Post from October 2013 to January 2014. Prior to joining Post
 Mr.&#160;Rode served as Vice President
 Corporate Controller of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.
 which was a publicly traded consumer products company and the former parent company of Post
 from February 2010 to September 2013. Mr.&#160;Rode earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Kentucky and his MBA from Northwestern University&#8217;s Kellogg School of Management. 
 age 48
 has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since August 2019. Prior to joining BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 Mr. Rosenthal was an attorney at Husch Blackwell from May 2019 to August 2019. From January 2018 to May 2019
 while complying with the terms of a non-competition agreement entered into with a previous employer that expired in March 2019
 Mr. Rosenthal provided legal counsel regarding business transactions to small businesses and individuals. Mr. Rosenthal served as Senior Vice President-Law and Assistant Secretary at Altice USA
 Inc.
 a publicly traded broadband communications and video services provider
 from June 2016 to December 2017. Prior to that
 Mr. Rosenthal was Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Secretary at Cequel Communications
 LLC dba Suddenlink Communications
 a telecommunications and technology company
 from 2005 to June 2016
 when it was acquired by Altice USA
 Inc.
 and Director
 Senior Counsel and Assistant Secretary at Cequel Communications
 LLC dba Suddenlink Communications from 2003 to 2005. Previously
 Mr. Rosenthal was an attorney at Husch &amp; Eppenberger LLC (now Husch Blackwell LLP) from 1997 to 2003. Mr. Rosenthal earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Missouri and juris doctorate from Washington University School of Law. 
 age 50
 has served as Senior Vice President
 Operations of Premier Nutrition
 which became a subsidiary of BellRing Brands
 Inc. upon completion of our IPO
 since March 2019. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition
 Mr. Singh held various senior leadership positions at Mondelez International
 Inc.
 a publicly traded multinational snack food company
 from 1996 until March 2019
 including Vice President of Operations from July 2018 to March 2019
 Director of Supply Chain Strategy and Supply Chain Reinvention North America from February 2016 to July 2018
 and Director of Supply Planning North America from January 2014 to January 2016. Mr. Singh attended The University of Western Ontario - Richard Ivey School of Business and the University of Guelph
As a company with less than $1.07&#160;billion in gross revenue during our last fiscal year
the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221; as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act
For so long as we remain an emerging growth company
We have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this report
 and we may elect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result
The JOBS Act also permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards applicable to public companies. This provision of the JOBS Act allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to not take advantage of the extended transition period
 which means that the financial statements included in this report
 as well as financial statements we file in the future
BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s principal executive offices are at 2503 S. Hanley Road
 St. Louis
 Missouri 63144
 and its telephone number is (314) 644-7600. BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s website is www.bellring.com. The information and other content contained on BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s website are not part of (or incorporated by reference in) this report or any other document BellRing Brands
Additional information about BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 including its annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 press releases and other important announcements is available
 free of charge
 at our website at www.bellring.com as soon as reasonably practicable after their electronic filing with the SEC or their release
 as applicable
 or the SEC&#8217;s website at www.sec.gov (for securities filings only). The SEC maintains an internet site containing these reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 its Code of Conduct and the charters of its Audit and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees of its Board of Directors also are available on its website
 where they can be printed free of charge. All of these documents also are available to stockholders at no charge upon request sent to BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s corporate secretary (2503 S. Hanley Road
 St. Louis
 Missouri 63144-2503
In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business
 financial condition
A substantial amount of our net sales comes from our RTD protein shakes
 and a decrease in sales of our RTD protein shakes would adversely affect our business
 financial condition
A substantial amount of our net sales is derived from our RTD protein shakes. Sales of our RTD protein shakes represented approximately 75% of our net sales in our year ended September 30
 2019. We believe that sales of our RTD protein shakes will continue to constitute a substantial amount of our net sales for the foreseeable future. Our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows would be harmed by a decline in the market for our RTD protein shakes
 increased competition in the market for those products
 disruptions in our ability to produce those products
 whether due to manufacturer inability
 supply chain failures or otherwise
We are currently dependent on a limited number of third party contract manufacturers and suppliers for the manufacturing of most of our products
 including one manufacturer for the substantial majority of our RTD protein shakes. Our business could suffer as a result of a third party contract manufacturer&#8217;s inability to produce our products for us in the quantities required
All of our RTD protein shakes and most of our other products are manufactured by a limited number of independent third party contract manufacturers. For our year ended September 30
 2019
&#32;RTD shake supply came from a single supplier and approximately 51% from a single facility of that manufacturer. In addition
&#32;RTD shakes to our third party contract manufacturing network
 our number of third party contract manufacturers is still limited and if one or more of our third party contract manufacturers is unable to meet our supply requirements
 it could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Although there are alternative suppliers if this current sole supplier can no longer supply us and our third party contract manufacturers with equipment or sufficient packaging
 a change in supplier could delay the production of our RTD protein shakes in the 11 ounce size by our third party contract manufacturers. Also
 if we experience significant increases in demand for our products
 we and these third party contract manufacturers may not be able to obtain in a timely manner the equipment or packaging materials required to manufacture our products (including
 in particular
 the RTD protein shakes in the 11 ounce size) and allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements
 fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards. Further
 we may experience operational difficulties with any of these third party contract manufacturers
 such as limitations on production capacity
 failure to meet our quantity requirements
 increases in manufacturing costs
 errors in complying with product specifications
 insufficient quality control and failure to meet production deadlines. We are currently in a dispute with one of our former third party contract manufacturers
 which we had expected to produce less than 10% of our RTD protein shakes for our year ended September 30
 2019
 that has resulted in our termination of our agreement with them and related litigation. In addition
 we rely in part on our independent third party contract manufacturers to maintain the quality of our products. The failure or inability of our independent third party contract manufacturers to comply with the specifications and requirements of our products could result in product withdrawal or recall
 which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and subject us to significant liability should the consumption of any of our products cause or be claimed to cause illness or physical harm. Additionally
 our business could be adversely affected if we fail to develop or maintain our relationships with any of these third parties
 including the packaging and equipment supplier for our RTD protein shakes in the 11 ounce size
 if any of these third parties fail to comply with governmental regulations applicable to the manufacturing of our products or if any of these third parties cease doing business with us or go out of business. The inability of third party contract manufacturers to ship orders in a timely manner
 in desirable quantities or to meet our safety
 quality and social compliance standards or regulatory requirements could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
Certain of our relationships with these third parties are subject to minimum volume commitments
 whereby the third party contract manufacturer has committed to produce
 and we have committed to purchase
 a minimum quantity of product
 and we or the contract manufacturer may alternatively pay the other a mostly fixed amount rather than produce or purchase the minimum quantities. Despite the minimum volume commitments
 we may nonetheless experience situations where such manufacturers are unable to fulfill their minimum volume obligations under our agreements or cannot produce sufficient amount of product to meet consumer demand. For example
&#32;RTD shakes in the second half of our year ended September 30
contract manufacturer network
 our customer demand exceeded our available capacity and resulted in inventory below acceptable levels at September 30
 2018. These factors resulted in volume increases of our RTD protein shakes for our year ended September 30
 2019 being below growth trends experienced in our years ended September 30
 2018 and 2017. If we need to replace an existing third party contract manufacturer
 our products may not be available when required on acceptable terms
The convenient nutrition category is highly competitive. We compete with other brands in the convenient nutrition category and with many nutritional food and beverage players
 as well as manufacturers of private label products. Many of our competitors offer products similar to our products
 or a wider range of products than we offer
 and may offer their products at more competitive prices than we do. Competition in our industry is based on product quality
 taste
 functional benefits
 convenience
 brand loyalty and positioning
 product variety
 product packaging
 shelf space
 price
Some of our principal competitors have substantially more financial
 marketing and other resources than we have. Our category also includes a number of smaller competitors
 many of whom offer products similar to ours and may have unique ties to retailers. A strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts
 or a shift in consumer preferences to competitors&#8217; products
 could result in us reducing pricing
 increasing marketing or other expenditures or losing market share. Competitive pressures also may restrict our ability to increase our prices
 including in response to cost increases. Our profits could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. In addition
 our competitors are increasingly using social media networks to advertise products. If we are unable to use social media effectively to advertise our products
 it could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain ingredients and packaging materials
 the price and availability of ingredients and packaging materials
We rely on a limited number of third party suppliers to provide certain ingredients used in our business. The primary ingredients used in our business include milk-based
 whey-based and soy-based proteins and protein blends
 and one supplier provides the majority of our milk-based protein. The supply and price of these ingredients are subject to market conditions and are influenced by many factors beyond our control
 including animal feed costs
 weather patterns affecting ingredient production
 governmental programs and regulations
 insects
 plant diseases and inflation. Our primary packaging materials include aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons
 aseptic plastic bottles
 plastic jars and lids
 flexible film
&#32;RTD shakes in the 11 ounce size. Although we maintain relationships with suppliers with the objective of ensuring that we have adequate sources for the supply of such ingredients and packaging materials
 increases in demand for such items
 both within our industry and in general
 can result in shortages and higher costs. Our suppliers may not be able to meet our delivery schedules
 we may lose a significant or sole supplier
 a supplier may not be able to meet performance and quality specifications and we may not be able to purchase such items at a competitive cost. Further
 the cost of ingredients and packaging materials may fluctuate widely
 and we may experience shortages in certain items as a result of limited availability
 increased demand
 weather conditions and natural disasters
 as well as other factors outside of our control. Our freight costs may increase due to factors such as limited carrier availability
 increased fuel costs
 increased compliance costs associated with new or changing government regulations and inflation.&#160;Higher prices for natural gas
 propane
 electricity and fuel also may increase our ingredient
 production and delivery costs. The prices charged for our products may not reflect changes in our ingredient
 packaging material
 freight
 tariff and energy costs at the time they occur
The loss of key supply sources
 for any reason
 our inability to obtain necessary quantities of ingredients and packaging materials or changes in freight or energy costs may limit our ability to maintain existing margins and may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. If we fail
 or are unable
 to hedge and prices subsequently increase
 or if we institute a hedge and prices subsequently decrease
 our costs may be greater than anticipated or greater than our competitors&#8217; costs
 and our business
 financial condition
Disruption of our supply chain and changes in weather conditions could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Our ability to make
 move and sell products in coordination with our suppliers
 business partners and third party contract manufacturers is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our collective supply
 manufacturing or distribution capabilities resulting from weather
 freight carrier availability
 any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 disease
 fire
 explosion
 cyber-attacks
 terrorism
 pandemics
 strikes
 repairs or enhancements at facilities manufacturing or delivering our products or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture
Changes in weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as fires
 floods
 droughts
 frosts
 hurricanes
 earthquakes
 tornados
 insect infestations and plant disease
 also may affect the cost and supply of commodities used as raw materials
 including milk-based
 whey-based and soy-based proteins and protein blends. Further
 as we rely on a limited number of third party suppliers to provide certain ingredients and packaging materials
 and one supplier for the majority of our milk-based protein
affecting such suppliers may limit our ability to obtain such raw materials
 or alternatives for these raw materials
 at competitive prices
 or at all. For example
 for our year ended September 30
 2019
RTD shake supply came from our largest contract manufacturer
 from its three manufacturing facilities located in Riverside and Santa Ana
 California and Joplin
 Missouri
 with approximately 51% of such supply manufactured at the Joplin
 Missouri facility. In 2011
 a major tornado struck Joplin
 Missouri
 but our supply of product from the Joplin
 Missouri facility was not impacted.&#160;In addition
 production of the RTD protein shakes in the 11 ounce size by our third party contract manufacturers requires packaging that we currently are sourcing from only one supplier
 and equipment that our third party contract manufacturers are currently sourcing from the same supplier.&#160;Our supply of packaging for our 11 ounce RTD protein shakes from this supplier comes primarily from its locations in Mexicali
 Baja California
 Mexico and Denton
Failure to take adequate steps to reduce the likelihood or mitigate the potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when an ingredient or packaging material is sourced from a single location or supplier
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
Consolidation in our distribution channels
 and competitive
 economic and other pressures facing our customers
Over the past several years
 our channels have undergone significant consolidations and mass merchandisers and non-traditional retailers are gaining market share. As this trend continues and such customers grow larger
 they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased reliance on their own brand name products
 increased emphasis on generic and other value brands and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond to these requirements
 our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 if any of our customers are consolidated with another entity and the surviving entity of any such consolidation is not a customer or decides to discontinue purchasing our products
 we may lose significant amounts of our preexisting business with the acquired customer. Further
 the economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing
 such as the emergence of new sales channels like eCommerce
Our consumers are constantly seeking new products and strategies to help them achieve their healthy eating and fitness goals
 and our success relies heavily on our ability to continue to develop and market to our consumers and our customers new and innovative products and extensions of existing products. Consumer focus includes dietary
 fitness and health and wellness trends
 different nutritional aspects and health effects of foods and beverages
 sourcing practices relating to ingredients and animal welfare concerns. Emerging science and theories regarding health are constantly evolving
 and products or methods of eating once considered healthy may over time become disfavored by consumers or no longer be perceived as healthy. Approaches regarding healthy lifestyles also are the subject of numerous studies and publications
 often with differing views and opinions
 some of which may be adverse to us. In order to respond to new and evolving consumer and customer demands
 achieve market acceptance and keep pace with new nutritional
 technological and other developments
 we must constantly introduce new and innovative products into the market. We may not be successful in developing
 introducing on a timely basis or marketing any new or enhanced products
 and specifically
 the initial sales volumes for new or enhanced products may not reach anticipated levels
 we may be required to engage in extensive marketing efforts to promote such products
 the costs of developing and promoting such products may exceed our expectations and such products may not perform as expected. Further
 certain ingredients used in our products may become negatively perceived by consumers
 resulting in decreased demand for our products or reformulation of existing products to remove such ingredients
 which may negatively affect taste or other qualities. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food and beverage products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. Although we strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations
 we may not be successful in these efforts. Any significant changes in consumer or customer preferences or our inability to anticipate or react
 or effectively introduce new products in response
 to such changes could negatively impact our business
 financial condition
Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of our brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends
 to a significant extent
 on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including our products becoming unavailable to consumers
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 adverse publicity about our products
 packaging or ingredients (whether or not valid)
 concerns about food safety
promotional support. We may need to increase our marketing and advertising spending in order to maintain and increase customer and consumer awareness
 protect and grow our existing market share or to promote new products
 which could impact our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. However
 an increase in our marketing and advertising efforts may not maintain our current reputation or lead to an increase in brand awareness. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers
 us and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us
 our brands
 products or packaging or the food industry generally on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain favorable perceptions of our products and our brands
 including if we are unable to respond effectively to negative posts or comments or erroneous statements about our products on social or digital media
 our business
 financial condition
In addition
 our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment
 including our increasing reliance on social media and online
 digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. A variety of legal and regulatory restrictions limit how and to whom we market our products. These restrictions may limit our brand renovation
 innovation and promotion plans
 particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. Negative posts or comments about us or our brands on social media or websites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to use of our social media and failure to respond effectively to these posts
 comments or activities could damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. In addition
 we might fail to invest sufficiently in maintaining
 extending and expanding our brands
 our marketing efforts might not achieve desired results and we might be required to recognize impairment charges on our brands or related intangible assets or goodwill. Furthermore
 third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. If consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand
 they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future
 which could harm our brand image and sales. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand health
 then our brands
 product sales
Successful growth depends in part on our ability to add new customers
 as well as expand the number of products sold through existing customers. This growth would include expanding the number of our products retailers offer for sale
 our product placement and our ability to secure additional shelf or retail space for our products
 as well as increased access to online platforms to sell our products. Shelf and retail space is limited and subject to competitive and other pressures. The expansion of our business depends on our ability to obtain new
 or expand our business with existing
 customers
 such as club
 FDM
 eCommerce
The rapid growth of distribution channels
 particularly eCommerce
 may create consumer price deflation
 affecting our customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We also may need to increase or reallocate spending on marketing
 retail trade incentives
 materials
 advertising and new product innovation to maintain or increase market share. These expenditures are subject to risks
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. Our failure to obtain new
 or expand our business with existing
 customers could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
If our products become adulterated or contaminated
 or if they are misbranded or mislabeled
Selling food products
 beverages and nutritional supplements involves a number of legal and other risks
 including contamination
 spoilage
 tampering
 mislabeling or other adulteration. Additionally
 many of the raw materials used to make certain of our products
 particularly milk-based protein and nuts
 are vulnerable to contamination by naturally occurring molds and pathogens
 such as salmonella. We may need to recall or withdraw some or all of our products if they become adulterated
 mislabeled or misbranded
 whether caused by us or someone in our manufacturing or supply chain. A recall or withdrawal could result in destruction of product inventory
 negative publicity
 temporary plant closings for us or our third party contract manufacturers
 supply chain interruption
 substantial costs of compliance or remediation
 fines and increased scrutiny by federal
 state and foreign regulatory agencies. Should consumption of any product cause injury
 we may be liable for monetary damages as a result of a judgment against us. In addition
 adverse publicity
 including claims
 whether or not valid
 that our products or ingredients are unsafe or of poor quality
 may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Any of these events
 including a significant product liability claim against us
 could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products. Although we have various insurance programs in place and may have rights to indemnification in certain situations
 any of these events or a loss of consumer confidence could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Violations of laws or regulations by us or our third party contract manufacturers
 as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations
The convenient nutrition category in which we operate is subject to a variety of federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations
 including requirements related to food safety
 quality
 manufacturing
 processing
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
distribution
 as well as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities
 both inside and outside of the U.S.
 are subject to extensive regulation. In the U.S.
 we are regulated by
 and our activities are affected by
 among other federal and state authorities and regulations
 the FDA
 the USDA
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and California&#8217;s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (Proposition 65). In Europe
 we are regulated by
 among other authorities
 the European Union Parliament and the Council of the European Union and the U.K.&#8217;s Food Standards Agency
 Health and Safety Executive
 Environment Agency
 Environmental Health
 the Information Commissioners Office and the Trading Standards Office and their equivalents in other European Union (the &#8220;E.U.&#8221;) member states. We also are regulated by similar authorities in Canada
 Mexico and elsewhere in the world. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 tariffs
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 data privacy and immigration and labor issues
 any or all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or the businesses of our customers or suppliers. In addition
 we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
The impact of current laws and regulations
 changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers
 causing our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows to be adversely affected. Further
 if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 revocations of required licenses
 detention
 seizure
 injunctions or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Certain of our products are subject to a higher level of regulatory scrutiny
Some of our products are regulated by the FDA as dietary supplements
 which are subject to FDA regulations and levels of regulatory scrutiny different from those applicable to conventional food. It also is possible that federal
 state or foreign enforcement authorities might take regulatory or enforcement action
 which could result in significant fines or penalties. If we are found to be significantly out of compliance
 an enforcement authority could issue a warning letter and/or institute enforcement actions that could result in additional costs
 substantial delays in production or even a temporary shutdown in manufacturing and product sales while the non-conformances are rectified. Also
 we may have to recall product or otherwise remove product from the market
 and temporarily cease its manufacture and distribution
 which would increase our costs and reduce our revenues. Any product liability claims resulting from the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would be expensive to defend and could result in substantial damage awards against us or harm our reputation. The convenient nutrition category is regulated internationally as food
 dietary supplements and in some cases
 drug products. There is some risk that product classifications could be changed by the regulators
 which could result in significant fines
 penalties
We may not be able to effectively manage our growth
 which could materially harm our business
 financial condition
Our recent growth has placed
 and we expect that our continued growth may place
 a significant demand on our management
 personnel
 systems and resources. Given our largely outsourced manufacturing model
 as of November 1
 2019
 we had approximately 400 employees. Our continued growth will require an increased investment by us in our contract manufacturing relationships
 personnel
 technology
 facilities and financial and management systems and controls
 including monitoring and assuring our compliance with applicable regulations. We will need to integrate
 train and manage a growing employee base. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with this growth
 our operating margins and profitability will be adversely affected. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our business
 financial condition
If we pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions
From time to time
 we may evaluate potential acquisitions or other strategic transactions. Any such transaction could happen at any time
 could be material to our business and could take any number of forms
 including
 for example
 an acquisition
 investment or merger
 for cash or in exchange for our equity securities
Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve the anticipated sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Further
 evaluating potential transactions
 including divestitures
 requires additional expenditures (including legal
 accounting and due diligence expenses
 higher administrative costs to support the acquired entities and information technology
With respect to acquisitions
 we may not be able to identify suitable candidates
difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include
 but are not limited to
 the following: employees may voluntarily or involuntarily separate from employment with us or the acquired businesses because of the acquisitions; our management may have its attention diverted while trying to integrate the acquired businesses; we may encounter obstacles when incorporating the acquired businesses into our operations and management; we may be required to recognize impairment charges; and integration may be more costly or more time consuming and complex or less effective than anticipated. With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses
 we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us
 which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives
Our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks and may have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions also could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities
 the incurrence of debt
 contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses
 all of which could
 individually or collectively
 adversely affect our business
 financial condition
Fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition
We periodically offer a variety of sales and promotional incentives to our customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 consumer coupons
 volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
 slotting fees and in-store displays. Our net sales and profitability are impacted by the introduction and discontinuance of such sales and promotion incentives. In addition
 we have experienced and expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations due to the seasonal nature of our business. Historically
 our first fiscal quarter is seasonally low for all brands
 but increases throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as a result of renewed consumer focus on healthy lifestyles entering the new calendar year
 as well as significant promotional activity after the first quarter of our fiscal year. Seasonal fluctuations in our sales and EBIT margins may not be the same in the future as they have been historically. Seasonality could cause our results of operations for an interim financial period to fluctuate and not be indicative of our full year results. Seasonality also impacts relative revenue and profitability of each quarter of the year
 both on a quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year basis. If we fail to effectively manage our inventories
 fluctuations in business as a result of promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition
We are subject to a number of risks related to doing business internationally
restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries
unfavorable changes in tariffs
 quotas
the potential for substantial penalties and litigation related to violations of a wide variety of laws
 treaties and regulations
 including food and beverage regulations
Loss of
 a significant reduction of purchases by or bankruptcy of a major customer may adversely affect our business
 financial condition
A limited number of customer accounts represents a large percentage of our combined net sales. Our largest customers
 Costco and Walmart and its affiliates (which includes Sam&#8217;s Club)
&#32;of our net sales in our year ended September 30
The success of our business depends
 in part
 on our ability to maintain our level of sales and product distribution through the club
 FDM
 eCommerce
 specialty and convenience channels. The competition to supply products to these high-volume stores is intense. Currently
 we do not have material long-term supply agreements with our customers
 and our customers frequently reevaluate the products they carry. A decision by our major customers to decrease the amount of product purchased from us
 sell another brand on an exclusive or priority basis or change the manner of doing business with us could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. In the event of a loss of any of our large customers
 a significant reduction of purchases by any of our large customers or the bankruptcy or serious financial difficulty of any of our large customers
 our business
 financial condition
We are
 or may become
 party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business
 which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts
 third party contract manufacturers
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 false or deceptive advertising
 employment matters
 environmental matters or other aspects of our business. There has been a recent increase in lawsuits filed against food and beverage companies alleging deceptive advertising and labeling. Negative publicity resulting from allegations made in lawsuits or claims asserted against us
 whether or not valid
 may adversely affect our reputation. In addition
 we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict
 and the outcome of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Although we have various insurance programs in place
 the potential liabilities associated with these litigation matters
 or those that could arise in the future
 could be excluded from coverage or
 if covered
 could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. In addition
 insurance carriers may seek to rescind or deny coverage with respect to pending or future claims or lawsuits. If we do not have sufficient coverage under our policies
 or if coverage is denied
 we may be required to make material payments to settle litigation or satisfy any judgment. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Changes in tax laws may adversely affect us
 and the Internal Revenue Service or a court may disagree with tax positions taken by BellRing Brands
 Inc. or BellRing Brands
 LLC
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;)
 enacted on December 22
 2017
 significantly affected U.S. tax law
 including by changing how the U.S. imposes tax on certain types of income of corporations and by reducing the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to 21%. It also imposed new limitations on a number of tax benefits
 including deductions for business interest
 use of net operating loss carry forwards
 taxation of foreign income
 and the foreign tax credit
 among others. There can be no assurance that future tax law changes will not increase the rate of the corporate income tax significantly; impose new limitations on deductions
 credits or other tax benefits; or make other changes that may adversely affect the performance of an investment in our stock. In addition
 the Internal Revenue Service (the &#8220;IRS&#8221;) has yet to issue guidance on a number of important issues regarding the changes made by the Tax Act. In the absence of such guidance
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. and BellRing Brands
 LLC will take positions with respect to a number of unsettled issues. There is no assurance that the IRS or a court will agree with the positions taken by us
Data for the convenient nutrition category is collected for most
 but not all
 channels
 and as a result
 it is difficult to estimate the size of the market and predict the rate at which the market for our products will grow. We estimate the market size of the convenient nutrition category
 including by geography
 product form and consumer need state
 based
 in part
 upon forecasts and information obtained from independent trade associations
 industry publications and surveys and other independent sources
 proprietary research studies and management&#8217;s knowledge of the industry. While these estimates were made in good faith and are based on assumptions and estimates we believe to be reasonable
Agricultural diseases or pests could harm our business
 financial condition
Many of our business activities are subject to a variety of agricultural risks
 including diseases and pests
 which can adversely affect the quality and quantity of the raw materials we use
 as well as the products we produce
 or have produced by third party contract manufacturers
 and distribute. Any actual or potential contamination of our products could result in product recalls
 market withdrawals
 safety alerts
 cessation of manufacturing or distribution or
 if we fail to comply with applicable FDA
 USDA or other U.S. or international regulatory authority requirements
We may not be able to operate successfully if we lose key personnel
We are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose key personnel or one or more members of our management team
 or if we fail to attract new employees
 our business
 financial condition
With approximately 400 employees as of November 1
 2019
 our profitability may be substantially affected by costs of medical and other health and welfare benefits for these employees. Although we try to control these costs
 they can vary because of changes in healthcare laws and claims experience
The willingness of consumers to purchase our products depends in part on general or local economic conditions and consumers&#8217; discretionary spending habits. In periods of adverse or uncertain economic conditions
 consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings or may forgo certain purchases altogether. In addition
 distributors and retailers may seek to reduce their inventories in response to those economic conditions. In those circumstances
 we could experience a reduction in sales of our products. Further
 during economic downturns
 it may be more difficult to convince consumers to switch to
 or continue to use
 our brands or convince new users to choose our brands without expensive sampling programs and price promotions. Additionally
 as a result of economic conditions or competitive actions
 we may be unable to raise our prices sufficiently to protect profit margins. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
U.S. and global capital and credit market issues could negatively affect our liquidity
U.S. and global credit markets have
 from time to time
 experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions which caused the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances materially impacted liquidity in the debt markets
 making financing terms for borrowers less attractive and in certain cases resulted in the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. Events affecting the credit markets also have had an adverse effect on other financial markets in the U.S.
 which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock or other equity securities or refinance debt
 sell our assets or borrow more money
 if necessary. Our business also could be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business or increase our interest expense
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Changing currency exchange rates may adversely affect our business
 financial condition
We have operations and assets in the U.S. as well as foreign jurisdictions
 and a portion of our contracts and revenues are denominated in foreign currencies. Our financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. We therefore must translate our foreign assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Consequently
 fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect the value of these items in the financial statements. In addition
 since many of our sales in foreign jurisdictions are denominated in U.S. dollars
 fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may effectively increase the price of our products in the currency of the jurisdiction in which the sale took place. To the extent we fail to manage our foreign currency exposure adequately
 we may suffer losses in the value of our net foreign currency investment
 and our business
 financial condition
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly our trademarks
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 know-how and copyrights
 to be a significant and valuable asset of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as third party nondisclosure
 confidentiality and assignment agreements and confidentiality provisions in third party agreements and the policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure or inability to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of intellectual property
We also are subject to risks associated with protection of our trademarks and other intellectual property licensed to distributors of our products and of our trade secrets to our third party contract manufacturers. If our licensed distributors or third party contract manufacturers fail to protect our trademarks
 trade secrets and other intellectual property
 either intentionally or unintentionally
 our business
 financial condition
We face the risk of claims that we have infringed third parties&#8217; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend; cause us to cease making
 licensing or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
feasible; divert management&#8217;s attention and resources; or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party&#8217;s intellectual property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms
 or at all. Additionally
 a successful claim of infringement against us could require us to pay significant damages
 enter into costly license or royalty agreements or stop the sale of certain products
 any or all of which could have a negative impact on our business
 financial condition
Technology failures
We rely on information technology networks and systems to process
 transmit and store operating and financial information
 to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities and to comply with regulatory
 legal and tax requirements. For example
 our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and control costs. Our and our third party vendors&#8217; information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our or their control
 including
 but not limited to
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 power outages
 computer viruses and malware
 hardware or software failures
 cybersecurity incidents
If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and to maintain and protect the related automated and manual control processes
 or if one of our third party service providers fails to provide the services we require
 we could be subject to billing and collection errors
 business disruptions or damage resulting from such events
 particularly material security breaches and cybersecurity incidents. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently in the U.S.
 are constantly evolving in nature
 are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals (including criminal hackers
 hacktivists
 state-sponsored institutions
 terrorist organizations and individuals or groups participating in organized crime) with a wide range of expertise and motives (including monetization of corporate
 payment or other internal or personal data
 theft of trade secrets and intellectual property for competitive advantage and leverage for political
 social
If any of our significant information technology systems suffers severe damage
 disruption or shutdown
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner
 our product sales
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected
 and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. In addition
 there is a risk of business interruption
 litigation and reputational damage from leaks of confidential or personal information. While we have insurance programs in place related to these matters
 the potential liabilities associated with such events
 or those that could arise in the future
 could be excluded from coverage or
 if covered
 could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. Although we have not detected a material security breach or cybersecurity incident to date
We also are subject to an evolving body of federal
 state and foreign laws
 regulations
 guidelines and principles regarding data privacy
 data protection and data security. Several foreign governments
 including the E.U.
 have laws and regulations dealing with the collection and use of personal information obtained from their data subjects
Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired
 we will be required to record additional impairment charges
Our balance sheet includes intangible assets
 including goodwill
 trademarks
 trade names and other acquired intangibles. Goodwill is expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows and is not amortized
 but our management reviews it for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may be impaired. Impairments to intangible assets may be caused by factors outside of our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures
 lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates
 changes in industry earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;) and revenue multiples
 changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates
 etc.) or the bankruptcy of a significant customer. These factors
 along with other internal and external factors
 could have a significant negative impact on our fair value determination
 which could then result in a material impairment charge in our results of operations. For the year ended September&#160;30
 2017
 we recorded a charge of $26.5&#160;million for the impairment of our goodwill related to Dymatize. No impairments were recorded in the years ended September 30
We and our third party contract manufacturers are subject to extensive federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment
the environment and those regulating the transport
 storage
 disposal and remediation of
 and exposure to
Further
 certain environmental laws and regulations can impose joint and several liability without regard to fault on responsible parties
 including past and present owners and operators of sites
Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in severe fines and penalties by governments or courts of law on us or our third party contract manufacturers. In addition
 future laws may more stringently regulate the emission of greenhouse gases
 particularly carbon dioxide and methane. We cannot predict the impact that such regulation may have
 or that climate change may otherwise have
 on our business. Future events
 such as new or more stringent environmental laws and regulations
 new environmental claims against us or our third party contract manufacturers
 the discovery of currently unknown environmental conditions requiring responsive action at our manufacturing facility or at the facilities of our third party contract manufacturers or more vigorous interpretations or enforcement of existing environmental laws and regulations
 might require us to incur additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Climate change
 or legal or market measures to address climate change
There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. If any of these climate changes has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as milk-based
 whey-based and soy-based proteins and protein blends. The increasing concern over climate change also may result in more federal
 state
 local and foreign legal requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. If such laws are enacted
 we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. As a result
 climate change could negatively affect our business
 financial condition
We have significant debt and high leverage
We have a significant amount of debt. Upon consummation of our IPO on October 21
 2019
 we had $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of total debt. Additionally
 our secured revolving credit facility has remaining borrowing capacity of $140.0 million as of October 31
limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
 capital expenditures or acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes
limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt
 thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future investments
 capital expenditures
 working capital
subject us to higher levels of indebtedness than our competitors
Our ability to meet expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 economic and other factors
 including potential changes in consumer preferences
 the success of product and marketing innovation and pressure from competitors. If we do not generate enough cash to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt
 sell assets
Despite our level of indebtedness
 we may be able to incur substantially more debt
 which could further exacerbate the risks described above
We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the financing arrangements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness
 these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions
substantial. These restrictions also may not prevent us from incurring certain obligations that may not constitute indebtedness under the documents governing our indebtedness. Post owns the share of our Class&#160;B Common Stock
 which
 for so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) directly own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 represents 67% of the total voting power of both classes of our outstanding common stock. As long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) owns more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 it will be able to control nearly all corporate actions that require a vote of the stockholders of BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 as well as have the right under the investor rights agreement between BellRing Brands
 Inc. and Post to designate a majority of the directors of BellRing Brands
 Inc. In order to preserve its intended tax treatment in connection with the formation transactions that were undertaken as part of our IPO
 we expect that
 so long as Post has the ability to control us
 Post will require that BellRing Brands
 LLC maintain a minimum level of outstanding indebtedness equal to $800.0&#160;million less the amount of undistributed taxable income of BellRing Brands
The agreements governing our debt contain various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and also require us to meet financial maintenance tests
Our financing arrangements contain restrictions
 covenants and events of default that
 among other things
 require us to satisfy certain financial tests and maintain certain financial ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and to refinance our existing indebtedness. Financing arrangements which we enter into in the future could contain similar restrictions and additionally could require us to comply with similar
 new or additional financial tests or to maintain similar
 new or additional financial ratios. The terms of our financing arrangements
 financing arrangements which we enter into in the future and any future indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could limit our ability to respond to market conditions
 provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings we may incur. These restrictions include compliance with
 or maintenance of
 certain financial tests and ratios and may limit or prohibit our ability to
enter into
 or permit to exist
Various risks
Our credit agreement contains customary financial covenants
 including a covenant requiring BellRing Brands
 LLC to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) not to exceed 6.00:1.00
 as measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter
 beginning with the quarter ending March 31
A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these arrangements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances
 we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition
To service indebtedness and fund other cash needs
 we will require a significant amount of cash
BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s ability to pay principal and interest on its debt obligations and to fund any planned capital expenditures and other cash needs will depend in part upon the future financial and operating performance of BellRing Brands
 LLC and its subsidiaries. Prevailing economic conditions and financial
 business
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory and other factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 will affect BellRing Brands
If BellRing Brands
 LLC is unable to make payments or we are unable to refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances
 we may consider other options
reductions or delays of capital expenditures
 strategic acquisitions
Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations
 and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient
 to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms
As of October 31
 2019
 the aggregate principal amount of our debt instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was $760 million. As a result
 higher interest rates will increase the cost of servicing our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. As of October 31
 2019
 each one hundred basis points change in LIBOR rates would result in an approximate $8 million change in the annual cash interest expense
 before any principal payment
The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. Certain of our variable rate debt use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing interest rates.&#160; In addition
 certain hedging transactions reference LIBOR as a benchmark rate in order to determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount. In the event LIBOR is discontinued
 replaced or significantly changed
 or ceases to be recognized as an acceptable benchmark
 there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument. This could result in different financial performance for existing transactions
 require different hedging strategies and require renegotiation for existing instruments. In addition
 the transition from LIBOR could have a significant impact on the overall interest rate environment. While we do not expect the transition from LIBOR and the risks thereto to have a material adverse effect on us
Post owns the share of our Class&#160;B Common Stock
 which
 for so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) directly own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
As long as Post or its affiliates (other than us) owns more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 it will be able to control nearly all corporate actions that require a stockholder vote
 regardless of the vote of any other stockholder. As a result
 Post has the ability to control significant matters involving us
determinations with respect to mergers
 business combinations
changes in capital structure
Alternatively
 if Post does not provide any requisite affirmative vote on matters requiring stockholder approval allowing us to take particular actions when requested
 we will not be able to take such actions
 and as a result
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Even if Post owns 50% or less of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
The interests of Post may differ from our interests or those of our other stockholders and the concentration of control in Post will limit other stockholders&#8217; ability to influence corporate matters. The concentration of ownership and voting power with Post also may delay
 defer or prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of Post
 even if such events are in the best interests of our other stockholders. The concentration of voting power with Post may have an adverse effect on the price of our Class&#160;A Common Stock. Our Company may take actions that our other stockholders do not view as beneficial
 which may adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows
Post could have interests that differ from
 or conflict with
certain actions even if the actions are not favorable to us or our other stockholders or are opposed by our other stockholders. If Post is acquired or otherwise experiences a change in control
 any acquirer or successor will be entitled to exercise Post&#8217;s voting control with respect to us. After the expiration of the 180-day lock-up period entered into in connection with our IPO
 which expires on April 14
 2020
 Post
 if it has redeemed BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 generally has the right at any time to sell or otherwise dispose of the shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock that it owns
 including the ability to transfer a controlling interest in us to a third party
 without the approval of any other stockholder and without providing for a purchase of any other stockholder&#8217;s shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock. Post and its affiliates may also directly transfer their BellRing Brands
 LLC units to third parties without the consent or approval of the Board of Managers of BellRing Brands
 LLC or any other party
 and in connection with such transfers
 subject to certain exceptions
 must either grant a written proxy to
 or enter into a written voting agreement or other voting arrangement with
 such transferee
 which provides for the right of such transferee to direct Post or its applicable affiliate
 as the holder of the share of our Class B Common Stock
 to cast a number of votes to which such share of Class B Common Stock is entitled on all matters in which our stockholders generally are entitled to vote equal to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC units held by such third party in the event that Post or its applicable affiliate
 as the holder of the share of our Class B Common Stock
 holds in the aggregate 50% or less of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units. In addition
 Post may determine to distribute its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
Potential conflicts of interest or disputes may arise between Post and us in a number of areas relating to our past or ongoing relationships
tax
 employee benefits
the nature
sales or other disposals by Post of all or a portion of its ownership in BellRing Brands
See also potential conflicts described in &#8220;Our organizational structure confers certain benefits upon Post and certain of its successors and assigns that may not benefit our Class&#160;A common stockholders to the same extent
The various ancillary agreements that we entered into with Post in connection with our IPO are of varying durations and may be amended upon agreement of the parties. The terms of these agreements were primarily determined by Post
 and
 therefore
 may not be representative of the terms we could have obtained on a standalone basis or in negotiations with an unaffiliated third party. For as long as we are controlled by Post
 we may not be able to negotiate renewals or amendments to these agreements
 if required
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes certain provisions regulating and defining the conduct of our affairs to the extent that they may involve Post and its directors
 officers
 employees
 agents and affiliates (except that we are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for purposes of these provisions) and our rights
 powers
 duties and liabilities and those of our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees and agents in connection with our relationship with Post. In general
 and except as may be set forth in any agreement between us and Post
 these provisions provide that Post and its affiliates may carry on and conduct any business of any kind
 nature or description
 whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as us; Post and its affiliates may do business with any of our customers
 vendors and lessors; and Post and its affiliates may make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments. In addition
Moreover
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interests or expectancy in corporate opportunities which become known to (i)&#160;any of our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents who also are directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for the purposes of the provision) or (ii)&#160;Post or its affiliates. Generally
 neither Post nor our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents who also are directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that any such person pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for the account of Post or its affiliates
 directs
directed or intends to direct such opportunity to Post or one of its affiliates. This renunciation does not extend to corporate opportunities expressly offered to one of our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents
 solely in his or her capacity as a director
 officer
 manager
These provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will cease to apply at such time as (i)&#160;we and Post and its affiliates are no longer affiliates of one another and (ii)&#160;none of the directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or affiliates of Post serve as our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents. The corporate opportunity provision may exacerbate conflicts of interest between Post and us because the provision effectively permits one of our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents who also serves as a director
 officer
 employee
In order to preserve the ability of Post to distribute its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC on a tax-free basis
 we may be prevented from pursuing opportunities to raise capital
 to effectuate acquisitions or to provide equity incentives to our employees
Under current laws
 in order to effect certain tax-free distributions of its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC
 Post may wish to ensure that the aggregate value of the BellRing Brands
 LLC assets owned indirectly by the holders of our Class&#160;A Common Stock does not exceed the value of Post&#8217;s beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC. While Post has advised us that it does not have any definitive plans to undertake a tax-free distribution of its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC
 Post may use its majority voting interest in us to retain its ability to engage in such a transaction in the future. This may cause Post to not support transactions we wish to pursue that involve issuing shares of our common stock
 including for capital raising purposes
 as consideration for an acquisition or as equity incentives to our employees. The inability to pursue such transactions
 if it occurs
In connection with our IPO
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. and BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into a tax matters agreement with Post. Under the tax matters agreement
 Post is responsible for all taxes for Post&#8217;s historical Active Nutrition business which relate to pre-offering periods
 and BellRing Brands
 LLC generally is responsible for (i)&#160;all taxes imposed with respect to any consolidated
 combined or unitary tax return of Post or any of its subsidiaries that includes BellRing Brands
 LLC or any of its subsidiaries to the extent such taxes relate to post-initial public offering periods and are attributable to BellRing Brands
 LLC or any of its subsidiaries
 as determined under the tax matters agreement
 and (ii)&#160;all taxes that relate to post-initial public offering periods imposed with respect to any consolidated
 combined
 unitary or separate tax returns of BellRing Brands
 LLC or any of its subsidiaries
 as determined under the tax matters agreement. To the extent Post fails to pay taxes imposed with respect to any consolidated
 combined or unitary tax return of Post or any of its subsidiaries that includes BellRing Brands
 Inc. or any of its subsidiaries
 the relevant taxing authority could seek to collect such taxes (including taxes for which Post is responsible under the tax matters agreement) from BellRing Brands
The tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing Brands
 LLC requires us to make cash payments to Post for certain tax benefits we may realize in the future
Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) may redeem BellRing Brands
 LLC units for
 at the option of BellRing Brands
 LLC (as determined by its Board of Managers)
 shares of our Class A Common Stock or cash pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of BellRing Brands
 LLC (the &#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement&#8221;). These redemptions
 the formation transactions that were undertaken in connection with our IPO and certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC to Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) or deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) to BellRing Brands
 Inc. or BellRing Brands
 LLC of BellRing Brands
 LLC units or assets
 may result in increases in our pro rata share of the tax basis of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s assets that otherwise would not have been available. Such increases in tax basis are likely to increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions allocable to us and therefore reduce the amount of income tax attributable to BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s operations we would otherwise be required to pay in the future and also may decrease gain (or increase loss) otherwise allocable to us from BellRing Brands
 LLC on future dispositions of certain of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s assets to the extent the increased tax basis is allocated to those assets. Furthermore
 under Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code
 we will be entitled to certain tax benefits generated by the pre-existing
 contributed tax basis in BellRing Brands
In connection with our IPO
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. entered into the tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing Brands
 LLC. Under the tax receivable agreement
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. is required to make cash payments to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) equal to 85% of the amount of cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal income tax
 as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate on a base equal to the U.S. federal taxable income of BellRing Brands
Inc.)
 that we realize (or
 in some circumstances
 we are deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of the assets of BellRing Brands
 LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC units by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) pursuant to the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
 (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing Brands
 LLC units or assets to BellRing Brands
 Inc. or BellRing Brands
 LLC
 (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC to Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions that were undertaken in connection with our IPO
 (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to BellRing Brands
 Inc. as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g.
 imputed interest
 basis adjustments
 deductions
 etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Any payments made by us under the tax receivable agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the tax receivable agreement for any reason
 such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fund or finance our obligations under the tax receivable agreement. Furthermore
 our future obligation to make payments under the tax receivable agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition
 particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are subject of the tax receivable agreement. Actual tax benefits realized by us may differ from the tax benefits calculated pursuant to the terms of the tax receivable agreement
 including as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the tax receivable agreement
 including the use of an assumed state and local income tax rate on a base equal to the U.S. federal taxable income of BellRing Brands
 Inc. to calculate tax benefits. Payments under the tax receivable agreement are not conditioned on Post&#8217;s continued ownership of BellRing Brands
 LLC units or our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. The payment obligation is a payment obligation of BellRing Brands
 Inc. and not of BellRing Brands
Post (or its transferees or assignees) may determine to redeem any or all of its BellRing Brands
 LLC units in its sole discretion and
 in such event
 the actual increase in tax basis and the amount and timing of any payments under the tax receivable agreement will vary depending upon a number of factors
 including the timing of any future redemptions
 the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of the redemption
 the nature of the assets owned by BellRing Brands
 LLC at the time of the redemption
 the extent to which such redemptions are taxable
 the tax rates then applicable and the amount and timing of our income. If Post (and its transferees and assignees) had redeemed all of its BellRing Brands
 LLC units immediately after our IPO
 we would have recognized a deferred tax asset of approximately $726.0 million and a liability of approximately $617.1 million
 assuming (i) a price of $14.00 per share
 which was the offering price in our IPO; (ii) a constant corporate tax rate of 25.0%; (iii) we had sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the tax benefits; and (iv) no material changes in tax law. These amounts are estimates and have been prepared for informational purposes only. The actual amount of deferred tax assets and related liabilities that we will recognize will differ based on
 among other things
 the timing of the redemptions
Payments under the tax receivable agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine
 and the IRS or another tax authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases
 as well as other related tax positions we take
 and a court could sustain any such challenge. Post (and its transferees and assignees) will not reimburse us for any payments that may previously have been made under the tax receivable agreement even if the IRS or another tax authority subsequently disallows the tax basis increase or any other relevant tax item. Instead
 any excess cash payments made by us to Post (or its transferees or assignees) will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the tax receivable agreement. However
 we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment to Post (or its transferees or assignees) for a number of years following the initial time of such payment. As a result
 in certain circumstances
In certain cases
The tax receivable agreement provides that
 upon a merger
 asset sale or other form of business combination or certain other changes of control or if
 at any time
 we elect an early termination of the tax receivable agreement or materially breach any of our material obligations under the tax receivable agreement
 our (or our successor&#8217;s) future obligations under the tax receivable agreement would accelerate and become due and payable based on certain assumptions
 including that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the tax receivable agreement
 and that
 as of the effective date of the acceleration
 any BellRing Brands
 LLC units that Post (or its transferees or assignees) has not yet redeemed will be deemed to have been redeemed by Post (and its transferees and assignees) for an amount based on the closing trading price of our Class A Common Stock at the time of termination
 even if we do not receive the corresponding tax benefits until a later date when the BellRing Brands
 LLC units are actually redeemed. Such obligations under the tax receivable agreement
 however
 would not arise if Post distributes its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC by means of a spin-off to its shareholders. As a result of the foregoing
tax receivable agreement of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the tax receivable agreement
 which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization
 if any
 of those future tax benefits and
 therefore
 we could be required to make payments under the tax receivable agreement that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual tax benefits we ultimately realize. If we had elected to terminate the tax receivable agreement immediately after our IPO
 based on a price of $14.00 per share
 which was the offering price in our IPO
 we estimate that we would have been required to pay approximately $473.1 million in the aggregate under the tax receivable agreement. This amount is an estimate and has been prepared for informational purposes only. The actual amount will differ based on
 among other things
Our organizational structure confers certain benefits upon Post and certain of its successors and assigns that may not benefit our Class&#160;A common stockholders to the same extent
Our organizational structure
 including the fact that Post owns more than 50% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock and holds its economic interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC directly
 confers certain benefits upon Post that will not benefit the holders of our Class&#160;A Common Stock to the same extent as it will benefit Post. For example
 the tax receivable agreement will provide for the payment by us to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of 85% of the amount of cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal income tax
 as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate on a base equal to the U.S. federal taxable income of BellRing Brands
 Inc.) that we realize (or
 in some circumstances
 we are deemed to realize) as a result of (a)&#160;the increase in the tax basis of assets of BellRing Brands
 LLC attributable to (i)&#160;the redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC units by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) pursuant to the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
 (ii)&#160;deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing Brands
 LLC units or assets to BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC to Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions that were undertaken in connection with our IPO
 (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to BellRing Brands
 Inc. as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code and (c)&#160;certain tax benefits (e.g.
 basis adjustments
 deductions
 etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Although we will retain 15% of the amount of such tax benefits
 it is possible that the interests of Post may in some circumstances conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders
Further
 Post may have different tax positions from us
 especially in light of the tax receivable agreement
 that could influence its decisions regarding whether and when we should dispose of assets
 whether and when we should incur new or refinance existing indebtedness and whether and when we should terminate the tax receivable agreement and accelerate our obligations thereunder. In addition
 changes in tax laws
 the determination of future tax reporting positions
 the structuring of future transactions (including dispositions of Post&#8217;s interests in BellRing Brands
 LLC
 such as through a tax-free spin-off to its shareholders) and related restrictions on us
 and the handling of any future challenges by any taxing authority to our tax reporting positions
 may take into consideration Post&#8217;s tax plans and objectives or other considerations
In the event Post is acquired or otherwise experiences a change in control
 any acquirer or successor will generally succeed to the rights and obligations of BellRing Brands
 LLC (including under the tax receivable agreement)
If the BellRing Brands
 LLC Board of Managers elects to make cash payments rather than issue shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock in future redemptions of BellRing Brands
 LLC units
Subject to the terms of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
 BellRing Brands
 LLC units may be redeemed at any time for
 at the option of BellRing Brands
 LLC (as determined by its Board of Managers)
 (i)&#160;shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock or (ii)&#160;cash (based on the market price of the shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock). The redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock will be at an initial redemption rate of one share of Class&#160;A Common Stock for one BellRing Brands
 LLC non-voting common unit
 subject to customary redemption rate adjustments for stock splits
 stock dividends and reclassifications. If cash payments are elected rather than the issuance of shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 such payments may require the payment of significant amounts of cash and may reduce the amount of overall cash flow that would otherwise be available for distribution to us from BellRing Brands
 LLC
Future sales or distributions of shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock by Post could depress our Class&#160;A Common Stock price
Subject to the 180-day lock-up period entered into in connection with our IPO
 which expires on April 14
 2020
 Post generally has the right at any time
 if it has redeemed BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 to sell or otherwise dispose of all or a portion of the shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock that it owns to third parties. Post and its affiliates may also directly transfer their BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 LLC or any other party. In connection with such transfers
 subject to certain exceptions
 Post must either grant a written proxy to
 or enter into a written voting agreement or other voting arrangement with
 such transferee
 which
 if Post or its affiliates holds in the aggregate 50% or less of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 will provide for the right of such transferee to direct Post or its applicable affiliate
 as the holder of the share of our Class B Common Stock
 to cast a number of votes to which such share of Class B Common Stock is entitled on all matters in which our stockholders generally are entitled to vote equal to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC units held by such third party. In addition
 Post may determine to distribute its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
In addition
 Post has the right
 subject to certain conditions
 to require us to file registration statements covering the sale of its shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock or to include its shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock in other registration statements that we may file. In the event Post exercises its registration rights and sells all or a portion of its shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
The services that Post provides to us may not be sufficient to meet our needs
In connection with our IPO
 BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post entered into a master services agreement (the &#8220;MSA&#8221;) pursuant to which Post provides certain services to us
 such as legal
 finance
 internal audit
 treasury
 information technology
 support
 human resources
 insurance and tax matters. Post is not obligated to provide these services in a manner that differs from the nature of the services it provided to us prior to our IPO
 and thus we may not be able to modify these services in a manner desirable to us. Further
 if we no longer receive these services from Post
 we may not be able to perform these services ourselves or to find appropriate third party arrangements at a reasonable cost
We have no operating history as a separate public company
The historical financial information we have included in this report does not reflect what our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows would have been had we been a separate public company during the historical periods presented
 or what our financial position
We will incur additional expenses to create the corporate infrastructure to operate as a public company
Our business has historically used some of Post&#8217;s corporate infrastructure and services to support our business functions. The expenses related to establishing and maintaining this infrastructure have been spread across all of Post&#8217;s businesses and charged to us on a cost-allocation basis. After our IPO
 except as described below
 we no longer have access to Post&#8217;s infrastructure or services
 and we have had to establish our own. The services historically provided to us by Post included finance
 information technology
 legal
 human resources
 quality
 supply chain and purchasing functions. Following our IPO
 we continue to receive some of these services pursuant to the MSA with Post. There can be no assurance that all of the functions provided to us by Post under the MSA will be successfully executed by Post or that we will not have to expend significant efforts or costs materially in excess of those estimated in the MSA. Any interruption in these services could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. In addition
 upon termination of the MSA
As a public company
 we are required to satisfy the requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we are unable to satisfy the requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 or our internal control over financial reporting is not effective
 the reliability of our financial statements may be questioned
Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires any company subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S.&#160;securities laws to do a comprehensive evaluation of its and its consolidated subsidiaries&#8217; internal control over financial reporting. To comply with this statute
 commencing in our year ending September 30
 2020
 we are required to document and test our internal control procedures and our management is required to assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting. At such time as we are no longer an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; under the JOBS Act and qualify as an &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; or &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221; as defined under SEC rules
 our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. For these reasons
 our management report on internal controls and our auditors&#8217; report are not contained in this report. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation
During the course of its testing
 our management may identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies which may not be remedied in time to meet the deadlines imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and SEC rules. If
 at such time as each is required
 our management cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or our auditors identify material weaknesses in our internal controls
 investor confidence in our financial results may weaken
 the price of our Class A Common Stock may suffer
 and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In addition
 in the event we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
From time to time
 we release guidance regarding our future performance. This guidance
 which consists of forward-looking statements
 is prepared by our management and is qualified by
 and subject to
 the assumptions and the other information contained or referred to in such release and the factors described under &#8220;Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements&#8221; in our current and periodic reports filed with the SEC. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and neither our independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent expert or outside party has audited
 reviewed
 examined
 compiled or applied agreed upon procedures with respect to the guidance and
 accordingly
Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that
 although presented with numerical specificity
 are inherently subject to business
 economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions
Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature
 and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly
 our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance. Investors also should recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther in the future that the data is forecast. In light of the foregoing
Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the risks or uncertainties set forth in this report could result in actual operating results being different than the guidance
An active trading market for our Class&#160;A Common Stock may not be sustained
Our Class&#160;A Common Stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange (&#8220;NYSE&#8221;) on October 17
 2019. However
 there can be no assurance that an active trading market for our Class&#160;A Common Stock will be sustained. The market price of our Class A Common Stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons
 including in response to the risk factors listed in this report or for reasons unrelated to our specific performance
 such as reports by industry analysts
 our failure to meet analysts&#8217; earnings estimates
 investor perceptions
 or negative developments relating to our customers
 competitors or suppliers
 as well as general economic and industry conditions. Furthermore
 the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations
 as well as general economic
 political and market conditions such as recessions
 interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations
 may negatively impact the market price of shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock. In addition
 such fluctuations could subject us to securities class action litigation
 which could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other matters
 which could potentially harm our business. These fluctuations could cause our stockholders to lose part of their investment in our Class&#160;A Common Stock since they might be unable to sell their shares at or above the price at which they purchased them. Further
 our Class A Common Stock likely will not be eligible to be included in certain stock indices because of our dual class voting structure. For example
 in July 2017
 S&amp;P Dow Jones stated that companies with multiple share classes will not be eligible for inclusion in the S&amp;P Composite 1500 (comprised of the S&amp;P 500
A substantial portion of our total outstanding shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock may be sold into the market at any time. These sales could cause the market price of our Class&#160;A Common Stock to drop significantly
The market price of our Class&#160;A Common Stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 could make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock at a time and price they consider appropriate
 and could impair our ability to raise equity capital or use our common stock as consideration for acquisitions of other businesses
Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings
 acquisitions
 investments
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to&#160;500.0 million&#160;shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 one share of Class&#160;B Common Stock and up to&#160;50.0 million&#160;shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined by our Board of Directors. Subject to compliance with applicable law and various ancillary agreements we entered into with Post and its affiliates (other than us) in connection with our IPO
 we may issue shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 or securities convertible into shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 from time to time in connection with a financing
 an acquisition
 an investment
We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Class&#160;A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Consequently
 our stockholders must rely on sales of their shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock after price appreciation
 which may never occur
 as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to
 among other things
 our compliance with applicable law
 and depend on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 level of indebtedness
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 restrictions in our debt agreements
 business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. The payment
 including timing and amount
 of any dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Our ability to pay dividends depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries
 including BellRing Brands
 LLC
 and our ability to pay dividends may be further restricted as a result of the laws of our subsidiaries&#8217; jurisdictions of organization or their agreements
Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and provisions of Delaware law may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our Board of Directors. These provisions also may delay
 prevent or deter a merger
 acquisition
 tender offer
 proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their Class&#160;A Common Stock. The provisions include
a prohibition on actions by written consent of the stockholders once Post and its affiliates (other than us) no longer own of record more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
provisions that have the same effect as a modified version of Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may affect the ability of an &#8220;interested stockholder&#8221; to engage in certain business combinations
 including mergers
 consolidations or acquisitions of additional shares
 for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an &#8220;interested stockholder.&#8221; An &#8220;interested stockholder&#8221; is defined to include persons owning directly or indirectly 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation. We elected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Nevertheless
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 except that they provide that Post and its various successors and affiliates (and certain transferees of any of them designated in writing by Post) are not deemed to be &#8220;interested stockholders
&#8221; regardless of the percentage of our stock owned by them
The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
 the significant voting power of Post and the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue a new series of preferred stock or implement a stockholder rights plan could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future
We are an &#8220;emerging growth company
We qualify as an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;). For so long as we remain an emerging growth company
provide an exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years from the closing date of the IPO
 or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than $1.07&#160;billion in annual gross revenue; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221; as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 which would occur if the market value of our Class A Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700.0&#160;million as of the prior March&#160;31 and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months; or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0&#160;billion of non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Some investors may find our Class&#160;A Common Stock less attractive if we rely on these provisions
We are a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards and we qualify for exemption from certain corporate governance requirements. We do not currently rely on any of these exemptions
Since Post owns more than 50% of the voting power of all of our outstanding common stock
the requirement that we have compensation and nominating/corporate governance committee(s) comprised entirely of independent directors
We do not currently rely on any of these exemptions
 but there can be no assurance that we will not rely on these exemptions in the future. If we were to utilize some or all of these exemptions
Actions of stockholders could cause us to incur substantial costs
We may
 from time to time
 be subject to proposals and other requests from stockholders urging us to take certain corporate actions
 including proposals seeking to influence our corporate policies or effect a change in our management. In the event of such stockholder proposals
 particularly with respect to matters which our management and Board of Directors
 in exercising their fiduciary duties
 disagree with or have determined not to pursue
 our business could be adversely affected because responding to actions and requests of stockholders can be costly and time-consuming
 disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management and our employees. Additionally
 perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel
BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s only material asset is its interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC
 and accordingly
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. depends on distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC to pay taxes and expenses
 including payments under the tax receivable agreement. BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 Inc. is a holding company
 and has no material assets other than BellRing Brands
 Inc.&#8217;s ownership of BellRing Brands
 LLC units and has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. BellRing Brands
 LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
 as such
 is generally not
 with the exception of certain of its subsidiaries
 subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Recently enacted legislation that is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 may impute liability for adjustments to a partnership&#8217;s tax return on the partnership itself in certain circumstances
 absent an election to the contrary. BellRing Brands
 LLC may elect out of the application of these rules (but certain of its subsidiaries will likely not)
 but there can be no assurance that it will be eligible to do so in each tax year or that such election will be made. BellRing Brands
 LLC (or its subsidiaries that are partnerships) may be subject to material liabilities pursuant to this legislation and related guidance if
 for example
 its calculations of taxable income are incorrect. Its members may be required to reimburse BellRing Brands
 LLC for taxes
 interest
 and penalties resulting from an audit. Taxable income is allocated to holders of BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 including BellRing Brands
 Inc. As a result
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. incurs U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes on its allocable share of any net taxable income of BellRing Brands
 LLC. Under the terms of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
 BellRing Brands
 LLC is obligated to make tax distributions pro rata to holders of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 including
 in the case of BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 in an amount sufficient to allow BellRing Brands
 Inc. to pay its tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to it from BellRing Brands
 LLC and to make any payments required under the tax receivable agreement. In addition to tax expenses
 and expenses under the tax receivable agreement
 which could be significant
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. also incurs expenses related to its operations. We expect that BellRing Brands
 LLC will make distributions pro rata to holders of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units in an amount sufficient to allow BellRing Brands
 Inc. to pay its operating expenses. In addition
 the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement provides that BellRing Brands
 LLC will reimburse BellRing Brands
 Inc. for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 including all fees
 costs and expenses of BellRing Brands
 Inc. associated with being a public company and maintaining its corporate existence. However
 BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s ability to make such distributions or reimbursement payments may be subject to various limitations and restrictions including
 but not limited to
 restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which BellRing Brands
 LLC is then a party
 including any debt agreements
 or any applicable law
 or that would have the effect of rendering BellRing Brands
 LLC insolvent. If BellRing Brands
 LLC does not distribute sufficient funds for BellRing Brands
 Inc. to pay its taxes or other liabilities
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. may have to borrow funds
 which could adversely affect its liquidity and subject it to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that BellRing Brands
 Inc. is unable to make payments under the tax receivable agreement for any reason
Post provides us space for our principal executive offices in St. Louis
 Missouri pursuant to a MSA among BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post. Our other administrative offices
 as well as the warehousing
 distribution and research and development facilities of our principal operations
 are described below. While our products are primarily manufactured by third party manufacturers
 we also own one manufacturing facility. For additional information regarding our third party manufacturing network
We lease research and development facilities and administrative offices in Emeryville
 California and Dallas
 Texas. We lease an additional research and development facility in Boise
 Idaho. We also lease administrative offices in Rogers
 Arkansas
 Munich
 Germany; Worb
 Switzerland and Manchester
 England. We lease warehouse space in Tagelswangen
 Switzerland
 a distribution center with warehouse space in Kleve
 Germany and
 through a third party logistics firm
 warehouse space in Farmers Branch
 Texas. We also manufacture protein and energy bars and gels and conduct research and development through an owned facility in Voerde
In March 2013
 a complaint was filed on behalf of a putative
and misleading. In April 2016
In 2016 and 2017
 the lead plaintiff&#8217;s counsel in the California Class&#160;Lawsuit filed ten additional class action complaints in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of putative classes of consumers under the laws of Connecticut
 Florida
 Illinois
 New Jersey
 New Mexico
 New York
 Maryland
 Massachusetts
 Michigan and Pennsylvania. These additional complaints contain factual allegations similar to the California Class&#160;Lawsuit
In April 2018
In January 2019
 the same lead counsel filed a further class action complaint in Alameda County California Superior Court
 alleging claims similar to the above actions and seeking monetary damages and injunctive relief on behalf of a putative class of California consumers. In February 2019
The Company intends to vigorously defend these cases. The Company does not believe that the resolution of these cases will have a material adverse effect on its combined financial condition
&#32;litigation
The Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 based upon the information presently known
 the ultimate liability
 if any
 arising from such pending legal proceedings
 as well as from asserted legal claims and known potential legal claims which are likely to be asserted
 taking into account established accruals for estimated liabilities (if any)
 are not expected to be material individually or in the aggregate to the combined financial position
 results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In addition
 although it is difficult to estimate the potential financial impact of actions regarding expenditures for compliance with regulatory matters
 in the opinion of management
 based upon the information currently available
 the ultimate liability arising from such compliance matters is not expected to be material to the combined financial position
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
On October 17
 2019
There were approximately 90 stockholders of record of our Class A Common Stock and 1 stockholder of record of our Class B Common Stock as of November 1
We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Class&#160;A Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to
 among other things
 our compliance with applicable law
 and depending on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 level of indebtedness
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 restrictions in our debt agreements
 business prospects
On October&#160;21
 2019
 we completed our IPO of 39.4 million shares of our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 which number of shares included the underwriters&#8217; exercise in full of their option to purchase up to an additional 5.1 million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 at an offering price of $14.00 per share
 pursuant to our registration statement on Form&#160;S-1&#160;(File&#160;No.&#160;333-233867)
 amended from time to time
 and our related registration statement on Form&#160;S-1&#160;(File&#160;No.&#160;333-234237)&#160;filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933. We received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $524.4 million
We contributed the net proceeds from the IPO to BellRing Brands
 LLC in exchange for non-voting membership units of BellRing Brands
 LLC. BellRing Brands
 LLC
 in turn
 used the net proceeds it received from us to repay a portion of the Post bridge loan (as defined below) and related interest. Immediately after completion of the IPO
 BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into debt facilities consisting of a $200.0 million revolving credit facility
 under which BellRing Brands
 LLC borrowed $100.0 million on October 21
 2019
 and a $700.0 million term loan facility (the &#8220;debt facilities&#8221;) and used the proceeds of such borrowing under the debt facilities (i) to repay the remaining balance of the $1
225.0 million unsecured bridge loan obtained by Post from various financial institutions prior to the completion of the IPO (the &#8220;Post bridge loan&#8221;) and all interest thereunder
 (ii) to pay directly
 or reimburse Post for
 as applicable
 all fees and expenses incurred by us or Post in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions (including the debt facilities but excluding the Post bridge loan)
 (iii) to reimburse Post for the amount of cash on our balance sheet immediately prior to the completion of the IPO
 and (iv) for general corporate purposes. On October 31
 2019
 we repaid $40.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
On October 21
 2019
 in connection with the completion of our IPO
 the filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as so amended and restated
 the &#8220;Certificate of Incorporation&#8221;) and our entry into the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement with BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post
 (a) we issued one share of our Class B Common Stock
 to Post
 in exchange for the 1
000 shares of our common stock initially issued to Post in connection with our incorporation
 which shares were cancelled as part of the exchange
 and (b) BellRing Brands
 LLC issued 39.4 million BellRing Brands
 LLC units to us and 97.5 million BellRing Brands
Under the BellRing Brands
 LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
 Post may from time to time redeem BellRing Brands
 LLC units for
 at BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option (as determined by its board of managers)
 (i) shares of our Class A Common Stock or (ii) cash (based on the market price of the shares of our Class A Common Stock). The redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of our Class A Common Stock will be at an initial redemption rate of one share of our Class A Common Stock for one BellRing Brands
 LLC unit
 subject to customary redemption rate adjustments for stock splits
The issuance of the Class B Common Stock and the issuance of the BellRing Brands
Year Ended September 30
Selling
Other operating (income) expenses
September 30
For information about the impairment of goodwill
In fiscal 2018
 the effective tax rate was impacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 which was enacted on December 22
 2017. For information about income tax expense
The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the combined operating results
 financial condition
 liquidity and capital resources of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;BellRing&#8221;) and its subsidiaries. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the balance sheet and accompanying notes for BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 the historical combined financial statements and the accompanying notes for Post Holdings
 Inc.&#8217;s (&#8220;Post&#8221;) Active Nutrition business (&#8220;Active Nutrition&#8221;)
 as well as the &#8220;Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#8221; on page 1. Active Nutrition&#8217;s historical combined financial statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and are derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Post. The combined financial statements reflect the historical results of operations
 financial position and cash flows of Active Nutrition and the allocation of certain Post corporate expenses relating to Active Nutrition based on the historical financial statements and accounting records of Post. In the opinion of management
 the assumptions underlying the Active Nutrition historical combined financial statements
 including the basis on which the expenses have been allocated from Post
 are reasonable. However
 the allocations may not reflect the expenses that BellRing may have incurred as a separate company for the periods presented. For additional information
BellRing was formed as a Delaware corporation in 2019 to become the holding company for Active Nutrition
 which
 effective as of Post&#8217;s quarter ended June 30
 2015
 has been comprised of Premier Nutrition Company
 LLC
 the successor to Premier Nutrition Corporation (&#8220;Premier Nutrition&#8221;)
 Dymatize Enterprises
&#32;brand
 and also includes Active Nutrition International GmbH
 which manufactures and sells Active Nutrition products in certain international markets. We are a provider of highly nutritious
including ready-to-drink (&#8220;RTD&#8221;) protein shakes
 other RTD beverages
 powders
September&#160;30
 2019
 
 which represent the financial results of our predecessor
 Active Nutrition
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing completed its initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) of 39.4 million shares of its Class&#160;A common stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#8220;Class&#160;A Common Stock&#8221;)
 which number of shares included the underwriters&#8217; exercise in full of their option to purchase up to an additional 5.1 million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 at an offering price of $14.00 per share. We received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $524.4 million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
 all of which were contributed to BellRing Brands
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company which became a subsidiary of BellRing (&#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8221;) on October 21
 2019
 in exchange for BellRing Brands
 LLC non-voting&#160;common units (&#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC units&#8221;). Our Class A Common Stock is traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol &#8220;BRBR&#8221;. For additional information
The success of companies in the convenient nutrition category is driven by how well such companies can grow
 develop and differentiate their brands. We expect the convergence of several factors to support the continued growth of the convenient nutrition category
growing awareness of the numerous health benefits of protein
 including sustained energy
Nonetheless
 the consumer food and beverage industry faces a number of challenges and uncertainties
the highly competitive nature of the industry
 which involves competition from a host of nutritional food and beverage companies
In addition to the trends described above
 we also experienced short-term supply constraints for our RTD protein shakes during the year ended September 30
&#32;RTD shakes
 we added significant capacity at our contract manufacturing partners in order to keep up with consumer demand. However
&#32;RTD shakes in the second half of fiscal 2018 and delays in planned incremental production capacity by our third party contract manufacturer network
 our customer demand exceeded our available capacity and resulted in inventory below acceptable levels at September 30
 2018. To increase inventory and to minimize the overall impact to customers and consumers
first quarter of fiscal 2019 from seven to its two best-selling flavors
 chocolate and vanilla. This decision adversely impacted the year-over-year growth rate for the year ended September 30
 2019 compared to growth trends experienced in fiscal 2018 and 2017. During the second quarter of fiscal 2019
 all flavors were re-introduced and available to our customers. Additionally
 we have significantly increased our RTD shake inventory levels
We have experienced in the past
 and expect to continue to experience
 seasonal fluctuations in our sales and earnings before income taxes (&#8220;EBIT&#8221;) margins because of customer spending patterns and timing of promotional activity. Historically
 our first fiscal quarter is seasonally low for all brands driven by a slowdown of consumption of our products during the holiday season and during colder weather
 which impacts outdoor activities. However
September&#160;30
 2019
 
short-term supply constraints for our RTD protein shakes
 which resulted in smaller volume increases in the year ended September 30
&#32;related to our separation from Post for the year ended September 30
&#32;from selling
 general and administrative expenses to net sales in the year ended September 30
 2019
 in connection with the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-09
litigation settlement accruals of $9.0 million in the year ended September 30
&#32;in the year ended September 30
insurance proceeds of $2.0 million in the year ended September 30
For further discussion
Selling
Other operating income
 net
 or 
 during the year ended September&#160;30
 2019
 as compared to the prior year. Sales of 
 or 
 with volume up 5%
 driven by higher average net selling prices resulting from targeted price increases and higher RTD protein shake product volumes
 partially offset by lower sales of nutrition bars. Increases in RTD protein shake product volumes for the year ended September&#160;30
 2019 were below recent growth trends primarily due to short-term supply constraints (for further discussion
 see &#8220;Industry &amp; Company Trends&#8221; above). Sales of 
 or 
 with volume up 3%
 primarily due to distribution gains in the mass channel and organic growth in the eCommerce channel
 partially offset by declines in the domestic specialty channel. Sales of 
 or 
 with volume down 29%
 driven by distribution losses and strategic sales reductions of low performing products within our North American portfolio. Sales of all other products were down 
 or 
 during the year ended September&#160;30
 2018
 as compared to the prior year.&#160;Sales of 
 or 
 with volume up 29%
 driven by increased consumption and distribution of RTD protein shakes
 as well as new product introductions. Sales of 
 or 
 with volume down 13%
 primarily due to weakness in the domestic specialty channel
 partially offset by volume gains in the eCommerce channel
 new distribution in the club and mass channels and a favorable customer and product mix. Sales of 
 or 
 with volume down 27%
 primarily due to lost distribution in the mass channel
 portfolio reductions on low performing product and reduced consumption in North America. These negative impacts were partially offset by new product introductions and favorable foreign exchange rates. Sales of all other products were up 
 or 
 for the year ended September 30
 2019. EBIT in the year ended September 30
&#32;and the year ended September 30
 2018 was impacted by a litigation settlement accrual of $9.0 million. Excluding these impacts
 EBIT increased 
. This increase was primarily driven by higher net sales
 as previously discussed
 lower net product costs of $19.6 million
 as favorable raw materials and freight costs were partially offset by increased manufacturing costs
 and reduced marketing spending of $5.4 million. These positive impacts were partially offset by higher employee-related expenses of $6.6 million and increased brokerage and warehousing costs of $2.2 million.
 or 
 for the year ended September 30
 2018. EBIT in the year ended September 30
 2018 was impacted by a litigation settlement accrual of $9.0 million and in the year ended September 30
 2017
 by an impairment of goodwill of $26.5 million (see below for further discussion) and insurance proceeds of $2.0 million. Excluding these impacts
 EBIT increased 
&#32;product volumes
 as previously discussed
 and lower advertising and consumer spending of $9.7 million
 partially offset by higher raw material costs of $2.3 million
For the year ended September 30
 2017
&#160;for the impairment of goodwill. The impairment charge related to the Dymatize reporting unit. In fiscal 2017
 consistent with the prior year
 the specialty channel
 from which the Dymatize reporting unit derived the majority of its sales
 continued to experience weak sales
 which resulted in management lowering its long-term expectations for the Dymatize reporting unit. After conducting the impairment analysis
 it was determined that the carrying value of the Dymatize reporting unit exceeded its fair value by&#160;$76.6 million
 and Active Nutrition recorded an impairment charge for goodwill down to the fair value. At the time of the analysis
 the Dymatize reporting unit had&#160;$26.5 million&#160;of remaining goodwill
 and therefore
 an impairment charge for the entire goodwill balance of&#160;$26.5 million&#160;was recorded.
Year Ended September&#160;30
Enacted tax law and changes
State income taxes
Other
Fiscal 2019 and 2017 federal corporate income tax was computed at the federal statutory tax rates of&#160;21% and 35%
 respectively. The fiscal 2018 federal corporate income tax was computed using a blended United States (&#8220;U.S.&#8221;) federal corporate income tax rate of&#160;24.5%. The fiscal 2018 federal corporate income tax rate was impacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;)
In fiscal 2018
 the effective income tax rate was impacted by the Tax Act
 which was enacted on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act resulted in significant impacts to the accounting for income taxes with the most significant of these impacts relating to the reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate
 a one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings and full expensing of certain qualified depreciable assets placed in service after September 27
 2017 and before January 1
 2023.&#160;The Tax Act enacted a new U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of 21% that went into effect for the 2019 tax year and was prorated with the pre-December 22
 2017 U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of 35% for the 2018 tax year. This proration resulted in a blended U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of 24.5% for fiscal 2018. During the year ended September 30
 2018
On October 1
 2018
 Active Nutrition adopted ASU 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&#8221; which superseded all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. As a result of the adoption
 certain payments to customers were reclassified from &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; to &#8220;Net Sales&#8221; in the Combined Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the year ended September&#160;30
 2019. For additional information regarding ASU 2014-09
Year Ended September 30
Financial resources for our U.S. operations have historically been provided by Post
 which has managed cash and cash equivalents on a centralized basis. Under Post&#8217;s centralized cash management system
 cash requirements are provided directly by Post
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing closed its IPO of 39.4 million shares of its Class&#160;A Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share
 which number of shares included the underwriters&#8217; exercise in full of their option to purchase up to an additional 5.1 million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 at an offering price of $14.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds from the IPO of $524.4 million
On October 11
 2019
 in connection with the IPO and certain other transactions completed in connection with the IPO (the &#8220;formation transactions&#8221;)
 Post entered into a $1
225.0 million&#160;Bridge Facility Agreement (the &#8220;Post Bridge Loan Facility&#8221;) and borrowed $1
225.0 million&#160;under the Post Bridge Loan Facility (the &#8220;Post Bridge Loan&#8221;). Certain of Post&#8217;s domestic subsidiaries (other than BellRing but including BellRing Brands
 LLC and its domestic subsidiaries) guaranteed the Post Bridge Loan. On October 21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into a Borrower Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Post and the administrative agent
 pursuant to which (i) BellRing Brands
 LLC became the borrower under the Post Bridge Loan and assumed all interest of $2.2 million and all other material obligations thereunder
 and Post and its subsidiary guarantors (which do not include BellRing Brands
 LLC or its domestic subsidiaries) were released from all material obligations under the Post Bridge Loan
 (ii) the domestic subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
 LLC continued to guarantee the Post Bridge Loan
 and (iii) BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s obligations under the Post Bridge Loan became secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of BellRing Brands
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into a Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;). The Credit Agreement provides for a term B loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $700.0 million&#160;(the &#8220;Term B Facility&#8221;)
 and a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $200.0 million&#160;(the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;). On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC borrowed the full amount under the Term B Facility and $100.0 million&#160;under the Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds
 together with the net proceeds of the IPO that were contributed to it by us
 (i)&#160;to repay in full the balance of the Post Bridge Loan and all interest thereunder and related costs and expenses
 (ii)&#160;to pay directly
 or reimburse Post for
 as applicable
 all fees and expenses incurred by us or Post in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions
 (iii) to reimburse Post for the amount of cash on our balance sheet immediately prior to the completion of the IPO and (iv)&#160;to the extent there were any remaining proceeds
 for general corporate and working capital purposes. On October 31
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC repaid $40.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
We have $140.0 million of borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility as of October 31
 2019 (all of which would be secured when drawn)
 and letters of credit are available under the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to $20.0 million. The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at the request of BellRing Brands
 LLC and at the discretion of the Lenders or other persons providing such incremental facilities
 in each case on terms to be determined
 and also permits BellRing Brands
 LLC to incur other secured or unsecured debt
For additional information on the IPO
 the formation transactions and the Credit Agreement
Additionally
 we entered into a tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing Brands
 LLC that provides for the payment by us or one of our subsidiaries to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of 85% of the amount of cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal income tax
 as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate) and foreign tax that we realize (or
 in some circumstances
 are deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of assets of BellRing Brands
 LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of Post&#8217;s (or certain transferees&#8217; or assignees&#8217;) BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of our Class A Common Stock or cash
 (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing Brands
 LLC units or assets to us
 (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC to Post (or certain transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions
 (b) disproportionate allocations of tax benefits to us as a result of Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g.
 imputed interest
 basis adjustments
For additional information on the IPO
 the formation transactions
 the Credit Agreement and the tax receivable agreement
We expect to generate positive cash flows from operations and believe our cash on hand
 cash flows from operations and possible future credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our future working capital requirements
 research and development activities and other financing requirements for the foreseeable future. Our asset-light business model requires modest capital expenditures
 with annual capital expenditures over the last three fiscal years averaging less than 1% of net sales. No significant capital expenditures are planned for fiscal 2020. Our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations is dependent on general economic conditions
 competitive pressures and other business risk factors. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations
 or otherwise to comply with the terms of our credit facilities
Under its amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 BellRing Brands
 LLC may make distributions to its members from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Managers. Such distributions will be made to the members on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC units held by each member
 except that the Board of Managers may cause BellRing Brands
 LLC to make non-proportionate distributions to BellRing in connection with any cash redemption of BellRing&#8217;s Class A Common Stock. The amended and restated limited liability company agreement provides
 to the extent cash is available
 for distributions pro rata to the holders of BellRing Brands
 LLC units such that members receive an amount of cash sufficient to cover the estimated taxes payable by them including
 in the case of BellRing
 an amount sufficient to allow BellRing to make any payments required under the tax receivable agreement. In addition
 the amended and restated limited liability company agreement will provide that BellRing Brands
 LLC will reimburse BellRing for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of us
 including all fees
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
 2018
 driven by unfavorable working capital changes of 
&#160;RTD shakes as compared to unusually low inventory levels at September&#160;30
 2018
 as well as the impacts of fluctuations in the timing of sales
 largely connected with the timing of promotional activity
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
&#32;of favorable working capital changes during the year ended September 30
 2018
 as compared to the prior year period. The change in working capital was driven by a reduction in finished goods inventory
 the timing of purchases and payments of trade payables and an increase in accrued legal settlements
September&#160;30
&#32;compared to the prior year
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
. Cash provided by investing activities in the year ended September 30
 2017 included proceeds of $6.0 million received from the sale of the Dymatize manufacturing facility located in Farmers Branch
&#32;in the year ended September 30
 2018
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
In the normal course of business
September&#160;30
. For consideration of the table below
 &#8220;Less Than 1&#160;Year&#8221; refers to obligations due between October&#160;1
 2019 and September&#160;30
 2020
to obligations due between October&#160;1
 2020 and September&#160;30
 2022
 &#8220;3-5&#160;Years&#8221; refers to obligations due between October&#160;1
 2022 and September&#160;30
 2024 and &#8220;More Than 5&#160;Years&#8221; refers to any obligations due after September&#160;30
Purchase obligations are legally binding agreements to purchase goods
 services or equipment that specify all significant terms
 including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and/or penalties imposed for failing to meet contracted minimum purchase quantities; fixed
Operating lease obligations consist of minimum rental payments under noncancelable operating leases
$1
225.0 million outstanding principal balance repayment of the Post Bridge Loan by BellRing Brands
$700.0 million of borrowings by BellRing Brands
$60.0 million of net borrowings by BellRing Brands
Additionally
 we have excluded interest payments of $238.4 million related to the Term B Facility and Revolving Credit Facility entered into in October 2019 and interest of $2.2 million related to the repayment of the Post Bridge Loan. The outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term B Facility must be repaid on or before October&#160;21
For additional information on the IPO and formation transactions
We are exposed to price fluctuations primarily from purchases of ingredients and packaging materials
 transportation costs and energy. Our principal ingredients are milk-based
 whey-based and soy-based proteins and protein blends. Our principal packaging materials consist of aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons
 aseptic plastic bottles
 plastic jars and lids
 flexible film
 cartons and corrugate. These costs have been volatile in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. We manage the impact of cost increases
 wherever possible
 on commercially reasonable terms
 by locking in prices on the quantities through purchase commitments required to meet our production requirements. In addition
 we attempt to offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our customers. However
 for competitive reasons
 we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. In addition
September 30

 
Certain sales and costs of our foreign operations are denominated in the Euro. Consequently
September&#160;30
 2019
 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires the use of judgment
 estimates and assumptions. We make these subjective determinations after considering our historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience
Throughout the periods covered by the financial statements
 Active Nutrition&#8217;s operations were conducted by and accounted for as part of Post. The Active Nutrition financial statements were derived from Post&#8217;s historical accounting records and reflect significant allocations of direct costs and expenses. All of the allocations and estimates in the financial statements are based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable. The financial statements do not necessarily represent our financial position
&#32;- We recognize revenue when performance obligations have been satisfied by transferring control of the goods to customers. Control is generally transferred upon delivery of the goods to the customer. At the time of delivery
Many of our contracts with customers include some form of variable consideration. The most common forms of variable consideration are trade promotions
 rebates and discounts. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Depending on the nature of the variable consideration
Our products are sold with no right of return
 except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged. No services beyond this assurance-type warranty are provided to customers. Customer remedies include either a cash refund or an exchange of the product. As a result
&#32;We review long-lived assets
 including leasehold improvements
 property and equipment and amortized intangible assets
&#32;Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair market value of their identifiable net assets. We conduct a goodwill impairment qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The goodwill impairment qualitative assessment requires us to perform an assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the business is less than its carrying amount. The qualitative assessment considers various factors
 including the macroeconomic environment
 industry and market specific conditions
 financial performance
 cost impacts and issues or events specific to the business. If adverse qualitative trends are identified that could negatively impact the fair value of the business
 we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. In fiscal 
 
The goodwill impairment test requires an entity to compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value with the loss not exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The estimated fair values of each reporting unit were determined using a combined income and market approach with a greater weighting on the income approach (75% of the calculation for all reporting units with goodwill). The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions
 including estimates regarding future revenue
 profitability and capital requirements. The market approach (25% of the calculation for all reporting units with goodwill) is based on a market multiple (revenue and EBITDA
 which stands for earnings before interest
 income taxes
Active Nutrition did not record a goodwill impairment charge at September&#160;30
 2019 or September 30
 2018
For the year ended September 30
 2017
 Active Nutrition recorded a charge of $26.5 million for the impairment of goodwill. The impairment charge related to the Dymatize reporting unit. In fiscal 2017
 consistent with the prior year
 the specialty channel
 from which the Dymatize reporting unit derived the majority of its sales
 continued to experience weak sales
 which resulted in management lowering its long-term expectations for the Dymatize reporting unit. After conducting the impairment analysis
 it was determined that the carrying value of the Dymatize reporting unit exceeded its fair value by $76.6 million and Active Nutrition recorded an impairment charge of goodwill down to fair value. At the time of the analysis
 the Dymatize reporting unit had $26.5 million of remaining goodwill
differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. We believe that sufficient income will be generated in the future to realize the benefit of most of our deferred tax assets. Where there is not sufficient evidence that such income is likely to be generated
 we establish a valuation allowance against the related deferred tax assets. We are subject to periodic audits by governmental tax authorities of our income tax returns. These audits generally include questions regarding our tax filing positions
 including the amount and timing of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. We evaluate our exposures associated with our tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
In the ordinary course of business
 the Company is exposed to commodity price risks relating to the purchases of raw materials and fuels. The Company manages the impact of cost increases
 wherever possible
 on commercially reasonable terms
 by locking in prices on the quantities through purchase commitments required to meet production requirements. In addition
 the Company may attempt to offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to customers. However
 for competitive reasons
 the Company may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as they are incurred. For more information
Related to Active Nutrition International GmbH whose functional currency is the EURO
As of October&#160;31
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC had an aggregate principal amount of $700.0 million outstanding on its term B loan facility (the &#8220;Term B Facility&#8221;) and an aggregate principal amount of $60.0 million outstanding under its revolving credit facility (the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;). Borrowings under the Term B Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates. Each one hundred basis points change in LIBOR rates would result in an approximate $8 million change in the annual cash interest
For additional information regarding the Company&#8217;s debt
BellRing Brands
Balance Sheet as of September 30
Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended September&#160;30
 2019
Combined Balance Sheets as of September&#160;30
Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September&#160;30
 2019
Combined Statements of Parent Company Equity for the Years Ended September&#160;30
 2019
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BellRing Brands
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of September 30
 2019
 including the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statement&#8221;). In our opinion
presents fairly
 in all material respects
as of September 30
We conducted our audit of this financial statement in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement
Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
St. Louis
November&#160;22
BELLRING BRANDS
(in millions
September 30
Common Stock
 par value $0.01 per share
 1
BELLRING BRANDS
(in millions
BellRing Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Corporation&#8221; or &#8220;BellRing&#8221;) was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 20
 2019 for the purpose of completing a public offering and related transactions in order to carry on the Active Nutrition business of Post Holdings
 Inc. The Corporation had no operations through September 30
&#8212;The balance sheet is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Separate statements of operations
 comprehensive income
&#160;The Corporation was authorized to issue 1
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.01 per share
 as of September 30
 2019
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing closed its initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) of 39.4 million shares of its Class&#160;A common stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#8220;Class&#160;A Common Stock&#8221;)
 which number of shares included the underwriters&#8217; exercise in full of their option to purchase up to an additional 5.1 million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 at an offering price of $14.00 per share
 pursuant to the Corporation&#8217;s registration statement on Form&#160;S-1&#160;(File&#160;No.&#160;333-233867)&#160;(as amended from time to time
 and together with the Corporation&#8217;s related registration statement on Form&#160;S-1&#160;(File&#160;No.&#160;333-234237)&#160;filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 the &#8220;Registration Statement&#8221;). The Corporation received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $524.4
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
 all of which were contributed to BellRing Brands
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of the Corporation (&#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8221;)
 in exchange for BellRing Brands
 LLC non-voting membership units. BellRing is a publicly-traded company whose Class A Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol &#8220;BRBR&#8221;. For additional information
Board of Directors and Stockholders of BellRing Brands
balance sheets of Active Nutrition (the combination of Premier Nutrition Company
 LLC (formerly known as Premier Nutrition Corporation)
 Dymatize Enterprises
 LLC and Active Nutrition International GmbH of Post Holdings
 Inc.) (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of September 30
 2019 and 2018
statements of operations and comprehensive income
 of parent company equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30
 2019
financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the combined financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
as of September 30
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30
financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the combined financial statements are free of material misstatement
financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
St. Louis
November&#160;22
Year Ended September 30
Selling
Other operating income
September 30
Receivables
Property
Other intangible assets
Year Ended September 30
Other
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
(in millions
On November 15
 2018
 Post Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Post&#8221;) announced that Post&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to separate its Active Nutrition business (herein referred to as &#8220;Active Nutrition&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221;) into a distinct
 publicly traded company. Active Nutrition is comprised of Premier Nutrition Company
 LLC (formerly known as Premier Nutrition Corporation and referred to as &#8220;Premier Nutrition&#8221;)
 which Post acquired in fiscal 2013; Dymatize Enterprises
 LLC (&#8220;Dymatize&#8221;)
&#8221;)
 which Post acquired in an asset purchase in fiscal 2015 and included Active Nutrition International GmbH (formerly known as PowerBar Europe GmbH)
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;BellRing&#8221;) closed its initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) and certain other transactions completed in connection with the IPO (the &#8220;formation transactions&#8221;)
 whereby Active Nutrition was transferred to BellRing Brands
 LLC (formerly known as Dymatize Holdings
 LLC)
 which also became a subsidiary of BellRing on October 21
 2019. For additional information
The Company has a single operating segment and is a provider of highly nutritious
including ready-to-drink (&#8220;RTD&#8221;) protein shakes
 other RTD beverages
 powders
 nutrition bars and supplements in the convenient nutrition category. At September 30
 2019 and 2018
&#160;&#8212; These combined financial statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and are derived from the accounting records of Post. The combined financial statements reflect the historical results of operations
 financial position and cash flows of Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition business and the allocation to the Company of certain Post corporate expenses. For the purposes of these financial statements
 income taxes have been computed for the Company on a stand-alone
These combined financial statements may not reflect the actual expenses that would have been incurred had Active Nutrition operated as a stand-alone company. Actual costs that would have been incurred had the Company operated as a separate company during the periods presented would depend on a number of factors
 including the organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas
 such as human resources
 legal
 finance
 information technology and infrastructure
&#32;The combined financial statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;)
 which require certain elections as to accounting policy
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amount of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant accounting policy elections
 estimates and assumptions include
 among others
Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with original maturities of less than three months. At&#160;September 30
 2019&#160;and 2018
 the Company had&#160;
 respectively
 in available cash
&#160;of which 73%&#160;and&#160;56%
 respectively
Receivables are reported at net realizable value. This value includes appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts
 cash discounts and other amounts which the Company does not ultimately expect to collect. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical losses as well as the economic status of
 and its relationship with
 its customers
&#8212; Inventories are generally valued at the lower of average cost (determined on a first-in
&#32;&#8212; Property is recorded at cost
&#160;years for buildings
 building improvements and leasehold improvements; and 
 
 
September 30
&#32;Other intangible assets consist primarily of definite-lived customer relationships and trademarks and brands. Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets
 which is provided on a straight-line basis (as it approximates the economic benefit) over the estimated useful lives of the assets
September&#160;30
 2019
September 30
September&#160;30
&#32;The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred which might impair the recoverability of the carrying value of its assets
 including property
&#32;In addition
 definite-lived asset groups are reassessed as needed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable or the estimated useful life is no longer appropriate. If circumstances require that a definite-lived asset group be tested for possible impairment
 the Company will compare the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group to the carrying amount of the asset group. If the carrying amount of the definite-lived asset is not recoverable on an&#160;undiscounted&#160;cash&#160;flow&#160;basis
Net parent investment on the Combined Balance Sheets represents Post&#8217;s historical investment in its Active Nutrition reporting segment
&#32;In conjunction with the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-09 on October 1
 2018
 the policy for recognizing revenue was updated. See Note 4 for a summary of the updated policy. For fiscal 2018 and 2017
Revenue is recognized when title of goods and risk of loss is transferred to the customer
 as specified by the shipping terms. Net sales reflect gross sales
 including amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
 less sales discounts and trade allowances (including promotional price buy downs and new item promotional funding). Customer trade allowances are generally computed as a percentage of gross sales. Products are generally sold with no right of return
Cost of goods sold includes
 among other things
 inbound and outbound freight costs and depreciation expense related to assets used in production
 while storage and other warehousing costs are included in &#8220;Selling
 general and 
 $
 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
 except for costs of producing media advertising such as television commercials or magazine and online advertisements
 which are deferred until the first time the advertising takes place and amortized over the period the advertising runs. The amounts reported as assets on the Combined Balance Sheets as &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; were immaterial as of September&#160;30
&#32;Income tax expense is estimated based on income taxes in each jurisdiction and includes the effects of both current tax exposures and the temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the related deferred tax assets to the extent that it is not &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the future benefits will be realized. Reserves are recorded for estimated exposures associated with the Company&#8217;s tax filing positions
 which are subject to periodic audits by governmental taxing authorities. Interest due to an underpayment of income taxes is classified as income taxes. For the purposes of these financial statements
 income taxes have been computed for the Company on a stand-alone
The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements and has concluded there are no new pronouncements (other than the ones described below) that had or will have an impact on the results of operations
 other comprehensive income (&#8220;OCI&#8221;)
 financial condition
In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU 2016-02
 &#8220;Leases (Topic 842).&#8221; This ASU requires a company to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. ASU 2016-02 offers specific accounting guidance for lessees
 lessors and sale and leaseback transactions. Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount
 timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
 &#8220;Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements.&#8221; This ASU provides an additional transition method by allowing entities to initially apply the new lease standard at the date of adoption with a cumulative effect adjustment to the opening balances of retained earnings in the period of adoption. This ASU also gives lessors the option of electing
 as a practical expedient by class of underlying asset
 not to separate the lease and non-lease components of a contract when those lease contracts meet certain criteria. These ASUs are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and interim periods therein (i.e.
 Active Nutrition&#8217;s financial statements for the year ending September 30
The Company is in the process of implementing its lease accounting software
 developing its related business processes
 and implementing internal controls. The Company has substantially completed its analysis of these standards&#8217; impact on its lease portfolio. The Company will adopt these ASUs on October 1
 2019 and expects to use the cumulative effect adjustment approach. The Company will elect certain practical expedients permitted under the&#160; transition guidance
 including not reassessing whether existing contracts contain leases and carrying forward the historical classification of those leases. In addition
 the Company will also elect to not recognize leases with an initial term of twelve months or less on its Combined Balance Sheets. The Company&#8217;s estimate of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities to be recognized at adoption is between 
 subject to the completion of the Company&#8217;s implementation procedures
 fluctuations within the Company&#8217;s lease portfolio and discount rates. The Company does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on its Combined Statements of Operations or its Combined Statements of Cash Flows. In addition
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
contract with that for recognizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software
 including hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license. The Company adopted this ASU on October 1
 2018 on a prospective basis
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&#8221; which superseded all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. This ASU&#8217;s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also calls for additional disclosures around the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The Company adopted this ASU on October 1
&#32;within the statement of operations. For additional information
In conjunction with the adoption of ASU 2014-09 (see Note 3)
 the Company updated its policy for recognizing revenue. The Company utilized a comprehensive approach to assess the impact of this ASU by reviewing its customer contract portfolio and existing accounting policies and procedures in order to identify potential differences that would result from applying the new requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 606
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations have been satisfied by transferring control of the goods to customers. Control is generally transferred upon delivery of the goods to the customer. At the time of delivery
Many of the Company&#8217;s contracts with customers include some form of variable consideration. The most common forms of variable consideration are trade promotions
 rebates and discounts. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Depending on the nature of the variable consideration
The Company&#8217;s products are sold with no right of return
 except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged. No services beyond this assurance-type warranty are provided to customers. Customer remedies include either a cash refund or an exchange of the product. As a result
&#8212; The Company elected not to adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component as the Company expects
 at contract inception
&#8212; The Company elected to account for shipping and handling activities that occur before the customer has obtained control of a good as fulfillment activities (i.e.
 an expense)
The following tables summarize the impact of the Company&#8217;s adoption of ASC Topic 606 on a modified retrospective basis in the Company&#8217;s Combined Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. As a result of the adoption
&#32;in the year ended September 30
 2019 previously classified in &#8220;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&#8221; were classified as &#8220;Net Sales&#8221; in the Combined Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income. These payments to customers relate to trade advertisements that support the Company&#8217;s sales to customers. In accordance with ASC Topic 606
these payments were determined not to be distinct within the customer contracts and
 as such
Year Ended September 30
Selling
The following table presents net sales by product. The amounts for the year ended September 30
 2019 are presented under ASC Topic 606
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; and the amounts for the years ended September 30
 2018 and 2017 are presented under ASC Topic 605
Year Ended September 30
The components of &#8220;Goodwill&#8221; on the Combined Balance Sheets at both September 30
Goodwill
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair market value of their identifiable net assets. The Company conducts a goodwill impairment qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The goodwill impairment qualitative assessment requires an analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the business is less than its carrying amount. If adverse qualitative trends are identified that could negatively impact the fair value of the business
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. In fiscal&#160;2019
&#160;2018&#160;and&#160;2017
The estimated fair value is determined using a combined income and market approach with a greater weighting on the income approach. The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions
 including estimates regarding future revenue
 profitability
 capital requirements and discount rate. The market approach is based on a market multiple (revenue and EBITDA
 which stands for earnings before interest
 income taxes
The Company did not record a goodwill impairment charge at September&#160;30
 2019 or 2018
For the year ended September 30
 2017
 the Company recorded a charge of&#160;$26.5&#160;for the impairment of goodwill. The impairment charge related to the Dymatize reporting unit. In fiscal 2017
 consistent with the prior year
 the specialty channel
 from which the Dymatize reporting unit derived the majority of its sales
 continued to experience weak sales
 which resulted in management lowering its long-term expectations for the Dymatize reporting unit. After conducting the impairment analysis
was determined that the carrying value of the Dymatize reporting unit exceeded its fair value by&#160;$76.6
 and the Company recorded an impairment charge for goodwill down to the fair value. At the time of the analysis
 the Dymatize reporting unit had&#160;$26.5&#160;of remaining goodwill
 and therefore
Year Ended September&#160;30
Year Ended September&#160;30
Enacted tax law and changes
State income taxes
Other
Fiscal 2019 and 2017 federal corporate income tax was computed at the federal statutory tax rates of&#160;21% and 35%
 respectively. Fiscal 2018 federal corporate income tax was computed using a blended United States (&#8220;U.S.&#8221;) federal corporate income tax rate of&#160;24.5%. The fiscal 2018 federal corporate income tax rate was impacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;)
September 30
September&#160;30
Accrued vacation
&#32;at September 30
 2019
 as it is the Company&#8217;s intention to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable to estimate the additional income taxes and applicable foreign withholdings that would be payable on the remittance of such undistributed earnings.
 
 foreign income before income taxes was 
 
In fiscal 2018
 the effective income tax rate was impacted by the Tax Act
 which was enacted on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act resulted in significant impacts to the Company&#8217;s accounting for income taxes with the most significant of these impacts relating to the reduction of the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate
 a one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings and full expensing of certain qualified depreciable assets placed in service after September 27
 2017 and before January 1
 2023.&#160;The Tax Act enacted a new U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of&#160;21%&#160;that went into effect for the Company&#8217;s 2019 tax year and was prorated with the pre-December 22
 2017 U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of&#160;35%&#160;for the Company&#8217;s 2018 tax year. This proration resulted in a blended U.S. federal corporate income tax rate of&#160;24.5%&#160;for fiscal 2018. During the year ended September 30
 2018
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent the Company&#8217;s assessment of such tax positions changes
September&#160;30
 2019
September 30
Balance
Balance
U.S. federal
September&#160;30
 2019
 
 
Year Ended September 30
As a result of the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 certain payments to customers totaling $7.6 in the year ended September 30
 2019 previously classified as advertising and promotion expenses were classified as net sales. For additional information
September 30
Receivables
The Company&#8217;s Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income include expense allocations from Post of general and administrative costs
 including stock-based compensation expense
 as well as costs related to the finance
 information technology
 legal
 human resources
 quality
 supply chain and purchasing functions. Costs for these functions and services performed by Post have been allocated to the Company based on a reasonable activity base (including specific costs
 revenue
 net assets and headcount
 or a combination of such items) or another reasonable method.&#160;Allocated costs include $6.3 of costs related to the separation of the Company from Post for the year ended September 30
 2019. Separation costs of $0.4 were recorded directly by the Company during the year ended September 30
 2019
 and were included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; in the Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. No such allocated or direct separation costs were recorded by the Company during the years ended September 30
 2018 or 2017. Allocated costs were 
September&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 and were included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; in the Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. All allocated costs were included in &#8220;Change in net parent investment&#8221; within financing activities on the Combined Statements of Cash Flows. It is not practicable to determine the actual expenses that would have been incurred for these services had the Company operated as a separate entity. Actual costs that would have been incurred had the Company operated as a separate company during the periods presented would depend on a number of factors
 including the organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas
 such as human resources
 legal
 finance
 information technology and infrastructure
The Company sells to certain other subsidiaries of Post
 the results of which have been included in the accompanying financial statements. Sales to Post affiliates were $0.5 and $0.1 in the years ended September 30
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. There were no sales to Post affiliates in the year ended September 30
Financial resources for Active Nutrition&#8217;s U.S. operations have historically been provided by Post
 which has managed cash and cash equivalents on a centralized basis. Under Post&#8217;s centralized cash management system
In March 2013
 a complaint was filed on behalf of a putative
&#32;line of glucosamine dietary supplements were false and misleading. In April 2016
In 2016 and 2017
 the lead plaintiff&#8217;s counsel in the California Class Lawsuit filed ten additional class action complaints in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of putative classes of consumers under the laws of Connecticut
 Florida
 Illinois
 New Jersey
 New Mexico
 New York
 Maryland
 Massachusetts
 Michigan and Pennsylvania. These additional complaints contain factual allegations similar to the California Class Lawsuit
In April 2018
In January 2019
 the same lead counsel filed a further class action complaint in Alameda County California Superior Court
The Company intends to vigorously defend these cases. The Company does not believe that the resolution of these cases will have a material adverse effect on its combined financial condition
No expense related to this litigation was incurred in fiscal 2019
 2018 or 2017. At both September 30
 2019 and 2018
The Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 based upon the information presently known
 the ultimate liability
 if any
 arising from such pending legal proceedings
 as well as from asserted legal claims and known potential legal claims which are likely to be asserted
 taking into account established accruals for estimated liabilities (if any)
 are not expected to be material individually or in the aggregate to the combined financial position
 results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In addition
 although it is difficult to estimate the potential financial impact of actions regarding expenditures for compliance with regulatory matters
 in the opinion of management
 based upon the information currently available
 the ultimate liability arising from such compliance matters is not expected to be material to the combined financial position
September&#160;30
 2019
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
&#32;and thereafter
The Company&#8217;s employees participated in Post&#8217;s 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2012 Plan&#8221;)
 Post&#8217;s 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;) and Post&#8217;s 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2019 Plan&#8221;). The following disclosures reflect the details of Post&#8217;s stock-based compensation plans and are not reflective of the Company&#8217;s stock-based compensation subsequent to the IPO. On February 3
 2012
 Post established the 2012 Plan
 which permitted the issuance of various stock-based compensation awards of up to 6.5 shares of Post&#8217;s common stock. On January 28
 2016
 Post&#8217;s shareholders approved the 2016 Plan
 which permitted the issuance of stock-based compensation awards of up to 2.4 shares of Post&#8217;s common stock. Upon effectiveness of the 2016 Plan
 all shares remaining to be issued under the 2012 Plan which were transfered to the 2016 Plan upon its establishment. On January 24
 2019
 Post&#8217;s shareholders approved the 2019 Plan
 which permits the issuance of stock-based compensation awards of up to 1.2 shares of Post&#8217;s common stock
 plus shares remaining to be issued under the 2016 Plan (including any shares assumed thereunder from the 2012 Plan) which were transfered to the 2019 Plan upon its effectiveness. Awards issued under the 2012 Plan
&#32;years
 provided
 however
 that the corporate governance and compensation committee of Post&#8217;s board of directors may
 in its discretion
Total compensation cost for Post&#8217;s non-cash and cash stock-based compensation awards recognized in the years ended September 30
 
 
 
 respectively
 and the related recognized deferred tax benefit for 
 
September&#160;30
 2019
 the total compensation cost related to Post&#8217;s non-vested awards not yet recognized was 
&#32;years. Expense allocated to Active Nutrition was $3.6
 $2.0 and $1.6 for the years ended September&#160;30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 which includes expense directly attributable to Active Nutrition&#8217;s employees
 as well as allocations of certain Post employees (see Note 9). Expense specifically attributable to Active Nutrition&#8217;s employees was $3.5
 $1.9 and $1.5 for the years ended September 30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
Outstanding at September 30
4
311
115
(2
668
Outstanding at September 30
1
758
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
1
758
Exercisable at September 30
1
266
September 30

 
September 30

 
 respectively. Post received proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 
&#32;during the years ended September 30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Expense allocated to Active Nutrition was $0.3
 $0.2 and $0.1 for the years ended September&#160;30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
Nonvested at September 30
941
379
(261
(46
Nonvested at September 30
1
013
939
&#32;and $63.55 at September 30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The total vest date fair value of restricted stock units that vested during fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. 
 
13
900
13
10
&#32;restricted stock units to the non-management members of its board of directors
 respectively. Due to vesting provisions of these awards
11
8
&#32;of these awards granted in fiscal 2018 and 2017
 respectively
September 30

&#32;to non-management members of its board of directors had subjective acceleration rights and are being amortized over the terms of the awards. Expense allocated to Active Nutrition was $3.2
 $1.6 and $1.0 for the years ended September&#160;30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
Nonvested at September 30
60
(11
Nonvested at September 30
49
At September 30
 2019
49
000
September 30

 
 respectively. Expense allocated to Active Nutrition was $0.1
 $0.2 and $0.5 for the years ended September&#160;30
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. 
 
&#32;net sales
 respectively. The largest concentration of foreign sales was within Europe
 which accounted for 
 
 and 
 
September&#160;30
 2019
 the majority of the Company&#8217;s tangible long-lived assets were located in Europe and had a net carrying value of 
 respectively
September 30

 
 
 or 
 
September 30

 
 respectively. The other customer accounted for 
 
 or 
 
September 30

 
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing closed the IPO of 39.4 million shares of its Class&#160;A common stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#8220;Class&#160;A Common Stock&#8221;)
 which number of shares included the underwriters&#8217; exercise in full of their option to purchase up to an additional 5.1 million shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 at an offering price of $14.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $524.4
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
 all of which were contributed to BellRing Brands
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of BellRing (&#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8221;)
 in exchange for 34.3 million BellRing Brands
 LLC non-voting&#160;membership units (the &#8220;BellRing Brands
The entities comprising Active Nutrition are direct or indirect subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
BellRing is a holding company
 has no material assets other than BellRing&#8217;s ownership of BellRing Brands
 LLC units and its indirect interests in the subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
The members of BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes immediately after BellRing&#8217;s purchase of BellRing Brands
 LLC units in connection with the IPO and
 as such
 is itself generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax under current U.S. tax laws. Each member of BellRing Brands
 LLC will be required to take into account for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive share of the items of income
 gain
 loss and deduction of BellRing Brands
Post holds 97.5 million BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 equal to 71.2% of the economic interest in BellRing Brands
 LLC and one share of BellRing Class B Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share (the &#8220;Class B Common Stock&#8221;)
 which
 for so long as Post or its affiliates (other than BellRing and its subsidiaries) directly own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 will represent 67% of the combined voting power of the common stock of BellRing. Subject to the terms of the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 Post may redeem BellRing Brands
 LLC units for
 at BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option (as determined by its Board of Managers)
 (i) shares of Class A Common Stock or (ii) cash (based on the market price of the shares of Class A Common Stock). The redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of Class A Common Stock is at an initial redemption rate of one share of Class A Common Stock for one BellRing Brands
 LLC unit
 subject to customary redemption rate adjustments for stock splits
The public stockholders (i) own 39.4 million shares of Class A Common Stock
 which
 for so long as Post or its affiliates (other than BellRing) directly own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 represent 33% of the combined voting power of BellRing common stock and 100% of the economic interest in BellRing
 and (ii) through BellRing&#8217;s ownership of BellRing Brands
 LLC units
 indirectly hold 28.8% of the economic interest in BellRing Brands
BellRing and BellRing Brands
 LLC will at all times maintain
 subject to certain exceptions
 a one-to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued by BellRing and the number of BellRing Brands
BellRing holds the voting membership unit of BellRing Brands
 LLC (which represents the power to appoint and remove the members of the Board of Managers of
 and no economic interest in
 BellRing Brands
 LLC). BellRing has the right to appoint the members of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Board of Managers
 and therefore
 controls BellRing Brands
 LLC. The Board of Managers is responsible for the oversight of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s operations and overall performance and strategy
 while the management of the day-to-day operations of the business of BellRing Brands
 LLC and the execution of business strategy are the responsibility of the officers and employees of BellRing Brands
 LLC and its subsidiaries. Post
 in its capacity as a member of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 does not have the power to appoint any members of the Board of Managers or voting rights with respect to BellRing Brands
The financial results of BellRing Brands
 LLC and its subsidiaries will be consolidated with BellRing
On October 11
 2019
 in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions
 Post entered into a $1
225.0&#160;Bridge Facility Agreement (the &#8220;Post Bridge Loan Facility&#8221;) and borrowed $1
225.0&#160;under the Post Bridge Loan Facility (the &#8220;Post Bridge Loan&#8221;). Certain of Post&#8217;s domestic subsidiaries (other than BellRing but including BellRing Brands
 LLC and its domestic subsidiaries) guaranteed the Post Bridge Loan. On October 21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into a Borrower Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Post and the administrative agent
 under which (i) BellRing Brands
 LLC became the borrower under the Post Bridge Loan and assumed all interest of $2.2 thereunder
 and Post and its subsidiary guarantors (which does not include BellRing Brands
 LLC or its domestic subsidiaries) were released from all material obligations under the Post Bridge Loan
 (ii) the domestic subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
 LLC continued to guarantee the Post Bridge Loan
 and (iii) BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s obligations under the Post Bridge Loan became secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of BellRing Brands
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into a Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;) by and among BellRing Brands
 LLC
 the institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders (the &#8220;Lenders&#8221;)
 Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC
 BofA Securities
 Inc.
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
 Barclays Bank PLC
 Citibank
 N.A.
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners
 and BMO Capital Markets Corp.
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 New York Branch
 Nomura Securities International
 Inc.
 Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
 Inc.
 UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 as&#160;co-managers
&#160;and Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch
 as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity
&#32;The Credit Agreement provides for a term B loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $700.0&#160;(the &#8220;Term B Facility&#8221;) and a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $200.0&#160;(the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;)
 with the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility to be made available to BellRing Brands
 LLC in U.S. Dollars
 Euros and Pounds Sterling. Letters of credit are available under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount of up to $20.0. The outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term B Facility must be repaid on or before October&#160;21
On October&#160;21
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC borrowed the full amount under the Term B Facility and $100.0&#160;under the Revolving Credit Facility and used the proceeds
 together with the net proceeds of the IPO that were contributed to it by BellRing
 (i)&#160;to repay in full the balance of the Post Bridge Loan and all interest thereunder and related costs and expenses
 (ii)&#160;to pay directly
 or reimburse Post for
 as applicable
 all fees and expenses incurred by BellRing
 BellRing Brands
 LLC or Post in connection with the IPO and the formation transactions
 (iii) to reimburse Post for the amount of cash on BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s balance sheet immediately prior to the completion of the IPO and (iv)&#160;to the extent there were any remaining proceeds
 for general corporate and working capital purposes. On October 31
 2019
 BellRing Brands
 LLC repaid $40.0 of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
In connection with the Term B Facility and Revolving Credit Facility
 BellRing Brands
 LLC incurred issuance costs of $0.7 during the year ended September 30
 2019
Borrowings under the Term B Facility bear interest
 at the option of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 at an annual rate equal to either (a)&#160;the Eurodollar Rate or (b)&#160;the Base Rate (as such capitalized terms are defined in the Credit Agreement) determined by reference to the highest of (i)&#160;the Prime Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 (ii)&#160;the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 0.50% per annum and&#160;(iii)&#160;the&#160;one-month&#160;Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00% per annum
applicable margin of 5.00% for Eurodollar Rate-based loans and 4.00% for Base Rate-based loans. The Term B Facility requires scheduled amortization payments of $8.75
 payable quarterly (commencing on March&#160;31
 2020)
 with the balance to be paid at maturity on October&#160;21
 2024. The Term B Facility contains customary mandatory prepayment provisions
 including provisions for mandatory prepayment (a)&#160;from the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and (b)&#160;beginning with the fiscal year ending September&#160;30
 2020
 of 75% of Consolidated Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement) (which percentage will be reduced to 50% if the secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is below a specified level as of a fiscal year end). The Term B Facility may be optionally prepaid at 101% of the principal amount prepaid at any time during the first 12 months following the closing of the Term B Facility
Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest
 at the option of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 at an annual rate equal to either the Eurodollar Rate or the Base Rate (determined as described above) plus a margin
 which initially will be 4.25% for Eurodollar Rate-based loans and 3.25% for Base Rate-based loans
 and thereafter
 will be determined by reference to the secured net leverage ratio
 with the applicable margin for Eurodollar Rate-based loans and Base Rate-based loans being (i)&#160;4.25% and 3.25%
 respectively
 if the secured net leverage ratio&#160;is greater than or equal to 3.50:1:00
 (ii)&#160;4.00% and 3.00%
 respectively
 if the secured net leverage ratio is less than 3.50:1:00 and greater than or equal to 2.50:1.00 or (iii)&#160;3.75% and 2.75%
 respectively
 if the secured net leverage ratio is less than 2.50:1:00. Facility fees on the daily unused amount of commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility will initially accrue at the rate of 0.50%
 and thereafter
 depending on BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s secured net leverage ratio
The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at the request of BellRing Brands
 LLC and at the discretion of the Lenders or other persons providing such incremental facilities
 in each case on terms to be determined
 and also permits BellRing Brands
 LLC to incur other secured or unsecured debt
The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for agreements of this type
 including: delivery of financial and other information; compliance with laws; maintenance of property
 existence
 insurance and books and records; maintenance of public ratings; inspection rights; obligation to provide collateral and guarantees by certain new subsidiaries; delivery of environmental reports; participation in an annual meeting with the Agent and the Lenders; further assurances; and limitations with respect to indebtedness
 liens
 fundamental changes
 restrictive agreements
 use of proceeds
 amendments of organization documents
 prepayments and amendments of certain indebtedness
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 sale leaseback transactions
 changes in the nature of business
The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant requiring BellRing Brands
 LLC to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) not to exceed 6.00 to 1.00
 measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter
 beginning with the quarter ending March&#160;31
The Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default
 including material breach of representations and warranties
 failure to make required payments
 failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants
 failure to pay or default under certain other material indebtedness
 certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency
 inability to pay debts
 the occurrence of one or more unstayed or undischarged judgments in excess of $65.0
 attachments issued against all or any material part of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s property
 certain events under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 a change in control
 the invalidity of any loan document and the failure of the collateral documents to create a valid and perfected first priority lien. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default
 the maturity of the loans under the Credit Agreement may accelerate and the Agent and Lenders under the Credit Agreement may exercise other rights and remedies available at law or under the loan documents
 including with respect to the collateral and guarantees of BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s obligations under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by its existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries (other than immaterial domestic subsidiaries and certain excluded subsidiaries) and are secured by security interests in substantially all of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s assets and the assets of its subsidiary guarantors
 but excluding
 in each case
BellRing entered into a tax receivable agreement with Post and BellRing Brands
 LLC that provides for the payment by BellRing or one of its subsidiaries to Post (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of 85% of the amount of cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal income tax
 as well as state and local income tax and franchise tax (using an assumed tax rate) and foreign tax that BellRing realizes (or
 in some circumstances
 is deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the increase in the tax basis of assets of BellRing Brands
 LLC attributable to (i) the redemption of Post&#8217;s (or certain transferees&#8217; or assignees&#8217;) BellRing Brands
 LLC units for shares of Class A Common Stock or cash
 (ii) deemed sales by Post (or certain of its transferees or assignees) of BellRing Brands
 LLC units or assets to BellRing or BellRing Brands
 LLC
 (iii) certain actual or deemed distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC to Post (or certain transferees or assignees) and (iv) certain formation transactions
of tax benefits to BellRing as a result of Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code and (c) certain tax benefits (e.g.
 imputed interest
 basis adjustments
 etc.) attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Related to the tax receivable agreement
 BellRing expects to record amounts payable to Post of $12.9 at October 21
Prior to the IPO
 Active Nutrition used certain functions and services performed by Post. These functions and services included legal
 finance
 internal audit
 treasury
 information technology support
 insurance and tax matters
 including assistance with certain public company reporting obligations; the use of office and/or data center space; payroll processing services; and tax compliance services. After the completion of the IPO
 Post continues to provide these services and other services
 to BellRing under a master services agreement. In addition to charges for these services
 BellRing also incurs certain pass-through charges from Post
Our management
 with the Executive Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#8220;CFO&#8221;) of the Company
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our Executive Chairman
 CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
We evaluated the changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30
 2019 and concluded that no activity has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
The information under the headings &#8220;Election of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees
&#8221; &#8220;Corporate Governance - Nomination Process for Election of Directors
&#8221; and &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Stockholders - Delinquent Section 16(a)( Reports&#8221; in our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended September 30
The Company has adopted a code of ethics
 our Code of Conduct
 applicable to our directors
 officers and employees
 which sets forth the Company&#8217;s expectations for the conduct of business by our directors
 officers and employees. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company&#8217;s website at www.bellring.com. In the event the Company modifies this document or waivers of compliance are granted to executive officers or directors
The information under the headings &#8220;Compensation of Officers and Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; in our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended September 30
The information under the headings &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Stockholders
&#8221; and &#8220;Compensation of Officers and Directors - Equity Compensation Plan Information&#8221; in our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended September 30
ITEM&#160;13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
The information under the headings &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#8221; and &#8220;Corporate Governance - Director Independence and Role of the Independent Lead Director&#8221; in our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended September 30
The information under the heading &#8220;Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#8221; in our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended September 30
ITEM 15.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;EXHIBITS
BellRing Brands
Balance Sheet as of September 30
Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30
 2019
Combined Balance Sheets as of September 30
Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30
 2019
Combined Statements of Parent Company Equity for the years ended September 30
 2019
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Amended and Restated Bylaws of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form S-1 filed on September 20
Master Transaction Agreement
 dated October 7
 2019
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. and BellRing Brands
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form S-1/A filed on October 11
Employee Matters Agreement
 dated October 21
 2019
 by and among BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Investor Rights Agreement
 dated October 21
 2019
 between BellRing Brands
 Inc. and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 dated October 21
 2019
 by and among BellRing Brands
 LLC
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Tax Matters Agreement
 dated October 21
 2019
 by and among BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Tax Receivable Agreement
 dated October 21
 2019
 by and among BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Master Services Agreement
 dated October 21
 2019
 by and among BellRing Brands
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
BellRing Brands
 Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Form S-1/A filed on October 7
Credit Agreement
 dated as of October 21
 2019
 by and among BellRing Brands
 LLC
 the institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders
 Credit Suisse Loan Funding LLC
 BofA Securities
 Inc.
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
 Barclays Bank PLC
 Citibank
 N.A.
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners
 and BMO Capital Markets Corp.
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 New York Branch
 Nomura Securities International
 Inc.
 Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
 Inc.
UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 as co-managers
 and Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 21
Bridge Facility Agreement
 dated as of October 11
 2019
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
 as Administrative Agent and other lenders from time to time party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#8217;s Form S-1/A filed on October 11
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement
 dated as of October 11
 2019
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 certain of its subsidiaries and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
 as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&#8217;s Form S-1/A filed on October 11
Borrower Assignment and Assumption Agreement
 dated as of October 21
 2019
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
Stremick Heritage Foods
 LLC and Premier Nutrition Corporation Manufacturing Agreement
 dated as of July 1
 2017
 as amended June 11
 2018
 October 1
 2018 and July 3
 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company&#8217;s Form S-1 filed on September 20
Subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
Certification of Robert V. Vitale pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 22
Certification of Darcy H. Davenport pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 22
Certification of Paul A. Rode pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 22
Certification of Robert V. Vitale
 Darcy H. Davenport and Paul A. Rode
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 22
These exhibits constitute management contracts
Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with&#160;Regulation S-K
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 BellRing Brands
 Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
BELLRING BRANDS
November&#160;22
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS
 that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul A. Rode and Craig L. Rosenthal
 and each of them
 his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution and resolution
 for him or her and in his or her name
 place
 and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
November&#160;22
November&#160;22
November&#160;22
November&#160;22
November&#160;22
/s/ Elliot H. Stein
November&#160;22
Elliot H. Stein
 Jr.














		


The following is a brief description of the registered securities of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;). This description is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K filed on October 21
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein
 our amended and restated bylaws filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K filed on October 21
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein
Our certificate of incorporation provides that we may issue up to 500
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 par value $0.01 per share
 one share of Class B common stock
 par value $0.01 per share
 and 50
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.01 per share (our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock are collectively referred to as our &#8220;common stock&#8221;). As of November 22
 2019
 there were 39
428
571 shares of our Class A common stock
 one share of our Class B common stock and no shares of our preferred stock
. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to stockholders for their vote or approval. For so long as Post Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Post&#8221;) or its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) directly own more than 50% of the non-voting membership units (the &#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC Units&#8221;) of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8221;) as described in the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of BellRing Brands
 LLC entered into among our Company
 BellRing Brands
 LLC and Post on October 21
 2019 ( the &#8220;amended and restated limited liability company agreement&#8221;)
 the aggregate voting power of the share of our Class B common stock represents 67% of the combined voting power of the common stock of our Company and
 in the aggregate
 the holders of the Class A common stock have 33% of the combined voting power of the common stock of our Company. In the event that Post and its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) hold 50% or less of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 the holder of the share of Class B common stock will be entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units held by all persons other than us and our subsidiaries; provided
 that (i) Post
 or its applicable affiliate
 as the holder of the share of our Class B common stock
 will only be entitled to cast a number of votes on its own behalf and at its own discretion equal to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units held by Post and its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries)
 and (ii) in the event that any BellRing Brands
 LLC Units are held by persons other than us and our subsidiaries or Post and its affiliates
 then Post
 or its applicable affiliate
 as the holder of the share of our Class B common stock
 will cast the remainder of the votes to which the share of our Class B common stock is entitled only in accordance with instructions and directions from such other holders of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units in accordance with proxies granted by Post to
 or voting agreements or other voting arrangements entered into by Post with
 such other holders pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement. The holders of our Class A common stock and the holder of our Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to stockholders for their vote or approval
 except with respect to any amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would alter or change the powers
 preferences or special rights of a class of our common stock so as to affect it adversely
 which amendment must be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the shares adversely affected by the amendment
 voting as a separate class
Post owns the share of our Class B common stock and therefore
 for so long as Post or is affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 controls 67% of the combined voting power of our outstanding common stock and will be able to control our business policies and affairs and any action requiring the general approval of our stockholders
 including the adoption of amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws
 the approval of mergers or sales of substantially all of our assets and the removal of members of our Board of Directors with or without cause. For so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) directly own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 Post also has the power to nominate a majority of the members to our Board of Directors under the investor rights agreement entered into between our Company and Post on October 21
 2019 (the &#8220;investor rights agreement&#8221;). The concentration of ownership and voting power of Post also may delay
 defer or even prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of Post
. The holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends when
. Upon our liquidation or dissolution
 the holders of our Class A common stock will be entitled to share ratably in those of our assets that are legally available for distribution to stockholders after payment of liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. Other than its par value
. Subject to the terms of the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 BellRing Brands
 LLC Units are redeemable for
 at BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option (as determined by its Board of Managers)
 (i) shares of our Class A common stock or (ii) cash (based on the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock). Each such redemption will be at an initial redemption rate of one share of Class A common stock for one BellRing Brands
 LLC Unit
 subject to customary redemption rate adjustments for stock splits
. The share of our Class B common stock is owned by Post and may not be transferred except to an affiliate of Post (other than us and our subsidiaries); provided that Post may grant one or more proxies to
 or enter into one or more voting agreements or other voting arrangements with
 any persons other than us and our subsidiaries or Post&#8217;s affiliates to whom Post or any of its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) transfers BellRing Brands
 LLC Units pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 and Post may transfer the share of our Class B common stock in connection with any distribution of its ownership interests in BellRing Brands
We are authorized to issue up to 50
000
000 shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors is authorized
 subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 to determine the terms and conditions of the preferred stock
 including whether the shares of preferred stock will be issued in one or more series
 the number of shares to be included in each series and the powers
 designations
 preferences and rights of the shares. Our Board of Directors is also authorized to designate any qualifications
 limitations or restrictions on the shares without any further vote or action by our stockholders
Authorizing our Board of Directors to establish preferred stock eliminates delays associated with seeking stockholder approval of the creation of a particular class or series of preferred stock. The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to the rights of holders of any preferred stock issued at any time
 including in the future. The issuance of preferred stock
 while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes
 may have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock
 which could have an adverse impact on the market price of our Class A common stock. These provisions also could make it more difficult for our stockholders to effect certain corporate actions
The Delaware General Corporation Law permits the adoption of a provision in a corporation&#8217;s certificate of incorporation renouncing any interests or expectancy of a corporation in
 or in being offered an opportunity to participate in
 specified business opportunities or specified classes or categories of business opportunities that are presented to the corporation or to one or more of its directors
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes certain provisions regulating and defining the conduct of our affairs to the extent that they may involve Post and its directors
 officers
 employees
 agents and affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for purposes of these provisions) and our rights
 powers
 duties and liabilities and those of our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees and agents in connection with our relationship with Post. In general
 and except as may be set forth in any agreement between us and Post
 these provisions provide that Post and its affiliates may carry on and conduct any business of any kind
 nature or description
 whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as us; Post and its affiliates may do business with any of our customers
 vendors and lessors; and Post and its affiliates may make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments. In addition
Moreover
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interests or expectancy in corporate opportunities which become known to (i) any of our directors
 officers
 managers
directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for the purposes of the provision) or (ii) Post or its affiliates. The provision generally provides that neither Post nor our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents who also are directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that any such person pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for the account of Post or its affiliates
 directs
 recommends or transfers such corporate opportunity to Post or its affiliates or does not offer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to us or any person controlled by us because such person has directed or intends to direct such opportunity to Post or one of its affiliates. This renunciation does not extend to corporate opportunities expressly offered to one of our directors
 officers
 managers
 employees or agents
 solely in his or her capacity as a director
 officer
 manager
These provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation cease to apply at such time as (i) we and Post and its affiliates are no longer affiliates of one another and (ii) none of the directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or affiliates of Post serve as our directors
 officers
 managers
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board of Directors and which may have the effect of delaying
. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that
 following the date on which Post and its various affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) cease to own of record more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units (the &#8220;triggering event&#8221;)
 stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and cannot be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Prior to the triggering event
 stockholder action may be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that
 except as otherwise required by law
 special meetings of the stockholders can only be called by the affirmative vote of a majority of our entire Board of Directors
 the Chairperson of our Board of Directors
 by our Secretary
 on the written request of Post and its successors (but only for so long as Post and its subsidiaries (other than us and our subsidiaries) own of record
 in the aggregate
 more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units) or our President. Except as described above
. Our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions requiring that advance notice be delivered to us of any business to be brought by a stockholder before an annual meeting and providing for procedures to be followed by stockholders in nominating persons for election to our Board of Directors. Ordinarily
 the stockholder must give notice in writing to our Secretary not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date of the first anniversary of the prior year&#8217;s annual meeting (and for purposes of calculating this date with respect to the first annual meeting
 the annual meeting for the prior year shall be deemed to have been held on January 24
 2019); except that
 in the event that the date of the meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date
 notice by the stockholder must be received not earlier than the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made
 except that such advance notice requirements shall not apply to Post with respect to business to be brought by Post before an annual meeting and
 for so long as the investor rights agreement is in effect
 such advance notice requirements shall not apply to Post with respect to any individual nominated or designated by Post for election or appointment to our Board of Directors. For stockholder proposals
 the notice must include a description of the proposal
 the reasons for the proposal and other specified matters. Our Board of Directors may reject any proposals that have not followed these procedures or that are not a proper subject for stockholder action in accordance with the provisions of applicable law. Although our amended and restated bylaws do not give our Board of Directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting
Directors
 and Not Stockholders
. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that the number of our directors will be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of our Board of Directors
. Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of our capital stock outstanding
 other than our common stock
 and the rights of Post under the investor rights agreement (for so long as it remains in effect)
of directors) will be filled by (i) the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors
 even if less than a quorum
 (ii) at a special meeting of our stockholders called for such purpose or (iii) prior to the triggering event
. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that our Board of Directors are divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms. The number of directors assigned to each class is as equal as reasonably possible. With respect to the members of our Board of Directors in office as of October 21
 2019
 the first class of directors will hold office until the first annual stockholders&#8217; meeting for election of directors
 the second class of directors will hold office until the second annual stockholders&#8217; meeting for election of directors
 and the third class of directors will hold office until the third annual stockholders&#8217; meeting for election of directors. Each class will thereafter hold office until the third annual stockholders&#8217; meeting for election of directors following the most recent election of such class and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. With only a portion of our Board of Directors up for election each year
. Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval
 subject to applicable rules of the NYSE and Delaware law. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes
 including future public offerings or private offerings to raise additional capital
 corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans and equity grants. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our common stock by means of a proxy contest
 tender offer
 merger or otherwise. We do not intend to solicit approval of our stockholders for issuance of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock
. In our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 we elected not to be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 an anti-takeover law. In general
 Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination
 such as a merger
 with a person or group owning 15% or more of the corporation&#8217;s voting stock for a period of three years following the date on which the person became an interested stockholder
 unless (with certain exceptions) the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly
 we are not subject to any anti-takeover effects of Section 203. Nevertheless
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203
 except that they provide that Post and its various affiliates
 successors and certain transferees designated by Post (including any such person who is granted a proxy by
 or enters into a voting agreement with
 Post pursuant to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement) are not deemed to be &#8220;interested stockholders
&#8221; regardless of the percentage of our voting stock owned by them
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may amend its certificate of incorporation upon a resolution of its board of directors proposing the amendment and its submission to the stockholders for their approval upon the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power entitled to vote thereon. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended in accordance with and upon the vote prescribed by Delaware law
The holders of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock are each entitled to vote separately upon any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including by merger
 consolidation
 reorganization or similar event) that would alter or change the powers
Section 10 of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (relating to indemnification) may be amended (or a provision inconsistent with Section 10 adopted) only upon the affirmative vote of not less than 85% of all of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that the power to adopt
 amend or repeal the bylaws of a corporation is held by the stockholders of the corporation
 except that a corporation may
 in its certificate of incorporation
 confer the power to adopt
 amend or repeal its bylaws upon the board of directors of the corporation
 but the fact that such power has been so conferred upon the board of directors will not divest the stockholders of such power or limit their power to adopt
 amend or repeal the bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that a majority of all of the members of our Board of Directors may amend
 alter
 change or repeal any provision of our amended and restated bylaws
 except that our Board of Directors may not amend
 alter
 change or repeal any provision of the bylaws relating to their amendment in any manner that alters the stockholders&#8217; power to amend
 alter
 change or repeal the bylaws. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws also provide that our stockholders may amend
 alter
change or repeal any provision of our amended and restated bylaws upon the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the voting power of our Company entitled to vote thereon
 except that our stockholders do not have the power to amend
 alter
 change or repeal any provision of the bylaws relating to their amendment in any manner that alters our Board of Directors&#8217; power to amend
 alter
The Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation
 in its certificate of incorporation
 to limit or eliminate
 subject to certain statutory limitations
 the liability of directors to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty
The Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation
 under specified circumstances
 to indemnify its directors
 officers
 employees and agents against expenses (including attorneys&#8217; fees)
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid in settlements actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with any action
 suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that they were or are directors
 officers
 employees or agents of the corporation
 if such directors
 officers
 employees or agents acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had no reason to believe their conduct was unlawful. In a derivative action or suit (i.e.
 one by or in the right of the corporation)
 indemnification may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred by directors
 officers
 employees and agents in connection with the defense or settlement of an action or suit
 and only with respect to a matter as to which they have acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 except that no indemnification will be made if such person has been adjudged liable to the corporation
 unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought determines upon application that the defendant directors
 officers
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law and provides that we will provide them with customary indemnification. We entered into customary indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain of our executive officers that provide them
 in general
. We are a holding company and we have no material assets other than our ownership of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units and our indirect interest in the subsidiaries of BellRing Brands
 LLC. Currently
 the only members of BellRing Brands
 LLC are us and Post. The operations of BellRing Brands
 LLC and the rights and obligations of its members are governed by the amended and restated limited liability company agreement among us
 Post and BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 LLC has two classes of its common units
 a voting membership unit and nonvoting common units (such nonvoting common units are referred to herein as the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units). BellRing Brands
 LLC has issued one voting membership unit to us
. BellRing Brands
 LLC is managed by its Board of Managers. The number of managers of BellRing Brands
 LLC will be fixed from time to time exclusively by us
 as the owner of the sole voting membership unit of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 but in no event will it consist of less than five nor more than twelve managers. As the owner of the sole voting membership unit
 we have the sole power to appoint and remove all of the members of the Board of Managers
 with or without cause. No other members of BellRing Brands
 LLC
 in their capacity as such
 have any authority or right to appoint members to the Board of Managers
 and therefore no other member controls BellRing Brands
 LLC. The Board of Managers is responsible for the oversight of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s operations and overall performance and strategy
 while the management of the day-to-day operations of the business of BellRing Brands
 LLC and the execution of business strategy is the responsibility of the officers and employees of BellRing Brands
 LLC and its subsidiaries. None of the members of BellRing Brands
 LLC have any authority or right to control the management of BellRing Brands
 LLC or to bind it in connection with any matter. Post
 however
 has the ability to exercise majority voting control over our Company by virtue of its ownership of our Class B common stock (for so long as Post or its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) directly own more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units) and the investor rights agreement
. Each BellRing Brands
 LLC Unit entitles the holder to economic rights equal to the economic rights of each other BellRing Brands
 LLC Unit. Other than the rights of our Company
voting membership unit
 to fix the number of
 and to appoint and remove
 the members of the Board of Managers
 the members of BellRing Brands
 LLC have no voting rights
 or power or authority to vote
 approve or consent to any matter or action taken
 or requested to be taken
 by BellRing Brands
 LLC
 except for certain approval rights of Post
 as described below under &#8220;-Coordination of BellRing Brands
 Inc. and BellRing Brands
 LLC
&#8221; and the members&#8217; rights to approve certain amendments to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
Other BellRing Brands
. Under the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 the Board of Managers may in the future cause BellRing Brands
 LLC to issue additional BellRing Brands
 LLC Units or other
 newly created classes of BellRing Brands
 LLC securities having such rights
 preferences and other terms as the Board of Managers determines
 and in such amounts as the Board of Managers may determine. Any such issuance would have a dilutive effect on the economic interest our Company holds in BellRing Brands
. In general
 under the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 BellRing Brands
 LLC may make distributions to its members from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Managers. Such distributions will be made to the members on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units held by each member
 except that the Board of Managers may cause BellRing Brands
 LLC to make non-proportionate distributions to our Company in connection with any cash redemption of our Class A common stock. Net profits and net losses of BellRing Brands
 LLC generally will be allocated to holders of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of BellRing Brands
 LLC units held by each member. The amended and restated limited liability company agreement provides
 to the extent cash is available
 for distributions pro rata to the holders of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units such that members receive an amount of cash sufficient to cover the taxes payable by them as a result of the allocation of BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s net profits and losses and to cover obligations of our Company under the tax receivable agreement entered into by our Company
 Post and BellRing Brands
 LLC on October 21
 2019 (the &#8220;tax receivable agreement&#8221;). In addition
 the amended and restated limited liability company agreement provides that BellRing Brands
 LLC must reimburse our Company for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of our Company
 including all fees
 costs and expenses of our Company associated with being a public company and maintaining our corporate existence. If and to the extent any such reimbursements constitute gross income to us or any of our affiliates
 such amounts will be treated as &#8220;guaranteed payments&#8221; within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 707(c) and will not be treated as distributions for purposes of computing the capital accounts of BellRing Brands
Coordination of BellRing Brands
and BellRing Brands
. Under the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 any time our Company issues a share of Class A common stock or any other equity security entitled to any economic rights (including
 without limitation
 pursuant to equity compensation plans or outstanding options
 rights
 warrants or other awards thereunder)
 which such securities we refer to collectively as &#8220;economic company securities
&#8221; BellRing Brands
 LLC must issue one BellRing Brands
 LLC Unit (if our Company issues a share of Class A common stock) to us or such other equity security (if our Company issues an economic company security other than Class A common stock) corresponding to the economic company security our Company issues
 and with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions; provided
 that the net proceeds we receive with respect to the corresponding economic company security
 if any
 must be concurrently contributed to BellRing Brands
 LLC
 subject to certain exceptions; provided further
 that if our Company issues any shares of Class A common stock in order to purchase or fund the purchase from any person other than a member of BellRing Brands
 LLC of a number of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units or to purchase or fund the purchase of shares of Class A common stock
 then BellRing Brands
 LLC is not required to issue any new BellRing Brands
 LLC Units and we are not required to contribute such net proceeds to BellRing Brands
 LLC. BellRing Brands
 LLC may not issue any additional BellRing Brands
 LLC Units to our Company or to any of our subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously therewith our Company or such subsidiary issues or sells an equal number of shares of Class A common stock to another person
 and BellRing Brands
 LLC may not issue any other equity securities to us or to any of our subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously
 our Company or such subsidiary issues or sells to another person an equal number of shares of a new class or series of the equity of our Company or such subsidiary with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions and other economic rights as those of such BellRing Brands
Conversely
 subject to certain exceptions
 neither our Company nor any of our subsidiaries may redeem
 repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of Class A common stock unless substantially simultaneously BellRing Brands
 LLC redeems
 repurchases or otherwise acquires from our Company or such subsidiary an equal number of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units for the same price per security (or
 if our Company uses funds received from distributions from BellRing Brands
 LLC or other funds available to us that were not provided by BellRing Brands
 LLC or the net proceeds from an issuance of Class A common stock to fund such redemption
 repurchase or acquisition
 then BellRing Brands
 LLC will cancel an equal number of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units for no consideration). The amended and restated limited liability company agreement contains similar provisions with respect to redemptions
If we determine that (i) the terms of any of our or our subsidiaries&#8217; debt does not permit us to comply with the provisions of the amended and restated limited liability company agreement described above in connection with the issuance
 redemption or repurchase of any shares of Class A common stock or other equity securities of our Company (or similar securities of our subsidiaries)
 or any BellRing Brands
 LLC Units or other equity securities of BellRing Brands
 LLC
incurs any indebtedness and desires to transfer the proceeds of such indebtedness to BellRing Brands
 LLC and (y) our Company is unable to lend the proceeds of such indebtedness to BellRing Brands
 LLC on an equivalent basis because of restrictions in any debt instrument of our Company
 then we may implement an economically equivalent alternative arrangement without complying with such provisions. Any such arrangement is subject to the prior written consent of Post for so long as Post holds at least 10% of the BellRing Brands
Transfer of BellRing Brands
. No member of BellRing Brands
 LLC may directly or indirectly transfer all or any part of its BellRing Brands
 LLC Units or any right or economic interest pertaining to such units
 including the right to receive or have any economic interest in distributions or advances from BellRing Brands
 LLC
 or the voting membership unit
 without the Board of Managers&#8217; prior written consent
transfers pursuant to a tender offer
 share exchange offer
 issuer bid
 take-over bid
 recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to our Class A common stock or a merger
transfers in connection with a redemption of BellRing Brands
transfers by Post in connection with any distribution of its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
In connection with any (i) transfer by Post or any of its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries) of any BellRing Brands
 LLC Units to any person other than us and our subsidiaries or Post&#8217;s affiliates
 or (ii) issuance of additional BellRing Brands
 LLC Units by BellRing Brands
 LLC to any person other than us and our subsidiaries
 Post or Post&#8217;s affiliates
 in either case
 Post or such affiliate must grant to the transferee a written proxy
 or enter into a written voting agreement or other voting arrangement with such transferee; provided
 that no such proxy
 voting agreement or other voting arrangement will be required in connection with a transfer by Post (i) pursuant to a tender offer
 share exchange offer
 issuer bid
 take-over bid
 recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to our Class A common stock or a merger
 consolidation or other business combination of our Company
 (ii) as part of a redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 (iii) of &#8220;registrable securities&#8221; (as defined in the investor rights agreement) in accordance with the investor rights agreement
 (iv) as part of any distribution of its beneficial retained interest in BellRing Brands
Each such proxy
 agreement or arrangement will set forth a specific number or percentage of votes to which the share of our Class B common stock is entitled that it covers for each applicable transferee
for so long as Post or its applicable affiliate (other than us or our subsidiaries)
 as the holder of the share of our Class B common stock
 holds in the aggregate more than 50% of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 whether the transferee will have the right to exercise any voting rights under such proxy
that
 in the event that Post or its applicable affiliate (other than us or our subsidiaries)
 as the holder of the share of our Class B common stock
 holds in the aggregate 50% or less of the BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 the transferee will have the right to direct the holder of such share of our Class B common stock to cast a number of votes to which the outstanding share of Class B common stock is entitled equal to the number of BellRing Brands
that
 in the event of a subsequent transfer of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units by such transferee to another person
 such transferee&#8217;s rights under the proxy
 agreement or other arrangement will automatically be deemed assigned or transferred
 in whole or in part
 to the subsequent acquiring person to the extent such person acquires associated BellRing Brands
 LLC Units; except that any subsequent transfer of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units to the holder of the share of our Class B common stock or us or our subsidiaries will constitute a revocation of the rights granted under such proxy
 agreement or other arrangement with respect to the BellRing Brands
. Each member (other than us and our subsidiaries) has the right to cause BellRing Brands
 LLC to redeem its BellRing Brands
 LLC Units in exchange for
 at BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option (as determined by its Board of Managers)
 (i) shares of our Class A common stock or (ii) cash (based on the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock). The redemption of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units in exchange for shares of our Class A common stock will be at an initial redemption rate of one share of our Class A common stock for one BellRing Brands
 LLC Unit
for stock splits
 stock dividends and reclassifications. Any decision to redeem BellRing Brands
 LLC Units for cash rather than shares of our Class A common stock will ultimately be determined by the BellRing Brands
. Neither any member of the Board of Managers nor any member of BellRing Brands
 LLC (including Post and us) nor their respective officers
 directors
 employees or other persons described in the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 which we refer to collectively as &#8220;covered persons
&#8221; will be liable
 including under any legal or equitable theory of fiduciary duty or other theory of liability
 to BellRing Brands
 LLC or to any other covered person for any losses
 claims
 damages or liabilities incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by such covered person in good faith on behalf of BellRing Brands
BellRing Brands
 LLC will indemnify each covered person against any losses
 claims
 damages
 liabilities
 expenses and other amounts arising from claims or proceedings in which such covered person may be involved or become subject to in connection with any matter arising out of or in connection with BellRing Brands
 LLC&#8217;s business or affairs or the amended and restated limited liability company agreement or any related document
 unless such loss or other amount is a result of a covered person not acting in good faith on behalf of BellRing Brands
 LLC or arose as a result of the willful commission of any act that is dishonest and materially injurious to BellRing Brands
 LLC
 results from its contractual obligations under any related document to be performed in a capacity other than as a covered person or results from the breach by any member of BellRing Brands
. BellRing Brands
 LLC will be dissolved and its business wound up only upon the earliest to occur of forty-five days after the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of BellRing Brands
. The amended and restated limited liability company agreement may not be amended without the prior written consent of the Board of Managers and of members holding a majority in interest of BellRing Brands
 LLC Units
 except that the Board of Managers
 acting alone
 may amend the amended and restated limited liability company agreement (i) to reflect the admission of new members or transfers of units
 as provided by and in accordance with the terms of the amended and restated limited liability company agreement
 (ii) to effect any subdivisions or combinations of units made in compliance with the amended and restated limited liability company agreement and (iii) to issue additional BellRing Brands
 LLC Units or any new class of units in accordance with the terms of the amended and restated limited liability company agreement.














		


SUBSIDIARIES OF BELLRING BRANDS
BellRing Brands
Dymatize Enterprises
Premier Nutrition Company
Supreme Protein
 LLC














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-234290) of BellRing Brands
November&#160;22
&#32;relating to the financial statement of BellRing Brands
 Inc.
St. Louis
November&#160;22
 2019














		

	
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-234290) of BellRing Brands
November&#160;22
&#32;relating to the financial statements of Active Nutrition (the combination of Premier Nutrition Company
 LLC (formerly known as Premier Nutrition Corporation)
 Dymatize Enterprises
 LLC and Active Nutrition International GmbH of Post Holdings
 Inc.)
St. Louis
November&#160;22
 2019














		


I
 Robert V. Vitale
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
November&#160;22
 2019














		


I
 Darcy H. Davenport
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
November&#160;22
 2019














		


I
 Paul A. Rode
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
November&#160;22
 2019














		


U.S.C. Section 1350
The undersigned
 the Executive Chairman of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 hereby certifies that
September&#160;30
 2019
 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report)
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;22
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands
 Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands
U.S.C. Section 1350
The undersigned
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 hereby certifies that
September&#160;30
 2019
 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report)
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;22
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands
 Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands
U.S.C. Section 1350
The undersigned
 the Chief Financial Officer of BellRing Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 hereby certifies that
September&#160;30
 2019
 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report)
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;22
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands
 Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.




