

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-20-003841
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200319
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001655210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				264087597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38879
		FILM NUMBER:		20729352
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		119 STANDARD STREET
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-756-4112
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		119 STANDARD STREET
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Savage River
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151008

















		

	


			


			
			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			


			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			


			
			

	
		
	
		
	
		
	


				


				


	
		
	
		
	
		
Washington
December 31
BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
(Address
 including zip code
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
As of June 28
 2019
 the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 based on the closing sales price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date
March&#160;18
 2020
61
845
 shares of common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share
Portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current opinions
 expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 assumptions and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the operating results and financial condition of our business. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results
 and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at
 or by
 which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management&#8217;s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events
 and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include
estimates of our expenses
 future revenues
 capital expenditures
the effects of global outbreaks of pandemics or contagious diseases or fear of such outbreaks
 such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
 including on our supply chain
 the demand for our products
 our ability to expand and produce in new geographic markets or the timing of such expansion efforts
our ability to successfully enter new geographic markets
the success of our marketing initiatives and the ability to grow brand awareness
 maintain
 protect and enhance our brand
our ability to attract
our ability to attract and retain our suppliers
 distributors
our ability to procure sufficient high quality
our ability to accurately predict consumer taste preferences
 trends and demand and successfully introduce and commercialize new products and improve existing products
significant disruption in
the impact of marketing campaigns aimed at generating negative publicity regarding our products
changes in laws and government regulation affecting our business
 including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;) and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;) governmental regulation
 and state
changes in laws
 regulations or policies of governmental agencies or regulators relating to the labeling of our products
 including
 in the United States
the financial condition of
 and our relationships with our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
 and restaurant and foodservice customers
the ability of our suppliers and co-manufacturers to comply with food safety
our
 our suppliers&#8217; and our co-manufacturers&#8217; ability to protect our proprietary technology
the risks discussed in Part I
 Item 1A
 &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; included elsewhere herein
In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;will continue
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;will likely result
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; and variations of these terms and similar expressions
 or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties
All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information
 future events
 changes in assumptions or otherwise
 except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements
Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Item 10. Directors
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Item 15. Exhibits
Beyond Meat
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (including its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires
 &#8220;Beyond Meat
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States
 offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build meat directly from plants
 an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste
 texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our plant-based meat products. Our brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; represents a strong belief that by eating our plant-based meats
 consumers can enjoy more
 not less
 of their favorite meals
 and by doing so
 help to address concerns related to human health
 climate change
 resource conservation and animal welfare. The success of our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers
 including those who typically eat animal-based meats
To capture this broad market opportunity
 we have developed three core plant-based product platforms that align with the largest meat categories globally: beef
 pork and poultry. The primary components of animal-based meat&#8212;amino acids
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 trace minerals
 and water&#8212;are not exclusive to animals and are plentiful in plants. We create our plant-based products using proprietary scientific processes that determine the architecture of the animal-based meat we are seeking to replicate and then we assemble it using plant-derived amino acids
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 trace minerals and water. We are focused on continuously improving our products so that they are
 to the human sensory system
Our flagship product is the Beyond Burger
 the world&#8217;s first 100% plant-based burger merchandised in the meat case of grocery stores in the United States. The Beyond Burger is designed to look
 cook and taste like a traditional beef burger. We also sell a range of other plant-based meat products
 including Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 and Beyond Beef Crumbles
 as well as Beyond Fried Chicken and Beyond Meatball
to certain quick service restaurant (&#8220;QSR&#8221;) partners. All of our products are antibiotic-free
 hormone-free
 GMO-free and are certified Kosher and Halal
 and all of our products other than Beyond Fried Chicken and Beyond Meatball are gluten-free. As of December 31
 2019
77
 countries
 across mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club and convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 direct to consumer
 and various food-away-from-home channels
 including restaurants
Research
 development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy
 and we believe they represent a critical competitive advantage for us. Through our Beyond Meat Rapid and Relentless Innovation Program
 our team of scientists and engineers focuses on making continuous improvements to our existing product formulations and developing new products across our plant-based beef
 pork and poultry platforms. Our state-of-the-art Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in El Segundo
 California brings together leading scientists from chemistry
 biology
 material science
 food science
 in 2017
 compound annual growth rate. The Beyond Burger accounted for approximately 64%
 70% and 48% of our gross revenues in 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. We believe that sales of the Beyond Burger will continue to constitute a significant portion of our revenues
 income and cash flow for the foreseeable future. In 2019
 gross revenues from the Beyond Burger
 all Beyond Sausage flavors
 Beyond Beef and Beyond Beef Crumbles were approximately 64%
 23%
 8% and 5%
 respectively
 compared to approximately 70%
12%
 0% and 9%
 respectively
 in 2018. We have generated losses since inception. Net loss in 2019
 2018
 and 2017 was 
 
 and 
 respectively
 as we invested in innovation and growth of our business. Going forward
 we intend to continue to invest in innovation
 supply chain capabilities
We are a mission-driven business with long-standing core values. We strive to operate in an honest
 socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner and are committed to help solve the major health and global environmental issues which we believe are caused by an animal-based protein diet and existing meat industry practices. We believe our authentic and long-standing commitment to these causes better positions us to build loyalty and trust with current consumers and helps attract new ones. Our corporate culture embodies these values and
 as a result
We employ a revolutionary and unique approach to create our products
 with a goal of delivering the same satisfying taste
 aroma and texture as the animal-based meats we seek to replicate. In our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 our scientists and engineers work to continuously improve our products to replicate the sensory experience of animal-based meat. Through our investment in innovation
 we have grown our portfolio to include new products including Beyond Beef
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 Beyond Fried Chicken and Beyond Meatball. In 2019
 we also introduced a new version of the flagship Beyond Burger
 designed to have a meatier taste and texture. Each product is designed to not only closely replicate the taste and sensory experience of its animal protein equivalent
We start by analyzing the composition and design of relevant animal-based meats at the molecular and structural level. The primary components
 other than water
 comprising animal-based meats are amino acids
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 and trace minerals
 which are not exclusive to animals and are present in abundance in plants. The amino acids that form the proteins which represent the muscle of animal-based meat can be sourced from plants. We use proteins primarily extracted from yellow peas
 as well as mung beans
 fava beans
 brown rice and other plant stock
 through a physical process to separate protein and fiber. We then apply heating
 cooling and pressure at rapid and varied intervals to weave the protein into a fibrous structure to create woven protein. Once we have the woven protein
 we then add the remaining ingredients
 such as water
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 flavor
 color
 trace minerals
We operate approximately 90
000 square feet of production space in two facilities in Columbia
 Missouri where we produce our woven protein. This woven protein is then converted according to our formulas and specifications into a packaged product by our network of co-manufacturers. Our proprietary blends of flavor systems and binding systems are also assembled in our facilities in Columbia
This capital efficient production model allows us to scale more quickly to service the rapidly increasing demand for our products. We plan to expand our own internal production facilities domestically and abroad to produce our woven proteins
 blends of flavor systems and binding systems
 and potentially convert our woven proteins into packaged products
Our breakthrough product innovations have enabled a paradigm shift in both marketing and target audience&#8212;tapping into the enthusiastic pull from mainstream consumers for delicious and satisfying
 yet better-for-you plant-based meats. This approach is summed up in our brand promise&#8212;&#8220;Eat What You Love.&#8221; When we launched our flagship Beyond Burger in 2016
 we approached the marketplace in an unprecedented way. Instead of marketing and merchandising the Beyond Burger to vegans and vegetarians
Reflecting the strength and value of the Beyond Meat brand to its partners
 many of our restaurant and foodservice customers choose to prominently feature our brand name on their menu and within item descriptions
 in addition to displaying Beyond Meat branded signage throughout the venue. We believe that we have established our brand as one with &#8220;halo&#8221; benefits to our partners as evidenced by the speed of adoption by strategic partners. Our foodservice business not only functions as a form of paid trial for our products
 helping to drive additional retail demand
Our mission is to create nutritious plant-based meats that taste delicious and deliver a consumer experience that is indistinguishable from that provided by animal-based meats. We believe our brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; encourages consumers to eat more
 not less
 of the traditional dishes they enjoy by using our products
 while feeling great about the health
 sustainability
Our brand awareness has been driven by strong social marketing. Consumers and the media are enthusiastic about the concept of authentically meaty tasting plant-based proteins. The viral nature of our marketing and brand-building has been enhanced by both the network of brand ambassadors we have developed throughout the United States and abroad
We launched the GO BEYOND marketing campaign in February 2019
 which seeks to mobilize our ambassadors to help raise brand awareness and make our products aspirational. We are focused on scaling the GO BEYOND campaign to new levels globally
 using celebrity activation to welcome consumers to the brand
We operate in the large and global meat industry
 which is comprised of fresh and packaged animal-based meats for human consumption. According to data from Fitch Solutions Macro Research
 the meat industry is the largest category in food and in 2017 generated estimated sales across retail and foodservice channels of approximately $270 billion in the United States and approximately $1.4 trillion globally. We believe our revenue growth will allow us to capture an increased share of the broader U.S. meat category
 supported by a number of key drivers
 including the authentic comparability and sensory experience of our products to their animal-based meat equivalents
 continued mainstream acceptance of our products with the traditional animal-based meat consumer
 heightened consumer awareness of the role that food and nutrition
 particularly plant-based foods
 play in long-term health and wellness
 and growing concerns related to the negative environmental and animal-welfare impacts of animal-based meat consumption. As a market leader in the plant-based meats category
We invest significant resources in our innovation capabilities to develop plant-based meat alternatives to popular animal-based meat products. Our innovation team
 scientists
 engineers
 researchers
 technicians and chefs
 as of December 31
 2019
 has delivered several unique plant-based meat breakthroughs
 as well as continuous improvements to existing products. We are able to leverage what we learn about taste
 texture
 aroma and appearance across our plant-based beef
 pork and poultry platforms and apply this knowledge to each of our product offerings. In our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 we have a strong pipeline of products in development
 and can more rapidly transition our research from benchtop to scaled production. As our knowledge and expertise deepens
 our pace of innovation is accelerating
 allowing for reduced time between new product launches. We expect this faster pace of product introductions and meaningful enhancements to existing products to continue as we innovate within our core plant-based platforms of beef
We believe our brand is uniquely positioned to capitalize on growing consumer interest in great-tasting
 nutritious
 convenient
 higher protein content and plant-based foods. We have also tapped into growing public awareness of major issues connected to animal protein
 including human health
 climate change
 resource conservation and animal welfare. Simply put
We have built a powerful brand with broad demographic appeal and a passionate consumer base. Our brand awareness is driven by strong social marketing. Our audience continues to grow from the attention generated by our large following of celebrities
Rapidly growing sales of our products by both our retail and restaurant and foodservice partners have helped us foster strong relationships in a relatively short period of time. We provide our retailers with exciting new products in the meat case
 where innovation rarely occurs. Many of our retail customers have experienced increasing levels of velocity of our products
 measured by units sold per month per store
Our restaurant and foodservice customers are excited by the opportunity to differentiate their menu offering and attract new customers by partnering with Beyond Meat
 and are seeking new ways to further promote our product
 for example through mass media advertising campaigns inclusive of TV
 radio
We are led by a proven and experienced executive management team. Prior to founding Beyond Meat
 Ethan Brown
 our President and Chief Executive Officer
 spent over a decade in the clean energy industry working for hydrogen fuel cell leader
 Ballard Power Systems
 rising from an entry level manager to reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Brown&#8217;s significant experience in clean tech
 coupled with a natural appreciation for animal agriculture
 led him to start a plant-based food company. Our management team plays an integral role in Beyond Meat&#8217;s success by instilling a culture committed to innovation
 customer satisfaction and growth. Over time
 we have grown our executive management team with carefully selected individuals who possess substantial industry experience and share our core values. The other members of our executive management team have an average of 21 years of industry experience
 including at both consumer packaged goods companies and high growth businesses. We believe this blend of talent gives us tremendous insights and capabilities to create demand and fulfill it in a scalable
77
 outlets in more than 65 countries worldwide as of December 31
 2019. In addition to further growth within retail
: We have a significant opportunity to grow our sales within U.S. retail by focusing on increasing sales at our existing outlets
 as well as increasing sales of new products. We also expect to grow our U.S. retail distribution by establishing commercial relationships with new customers. In March 2019
 we introduced Beyond Beef
 which is designed to have the meaty taste and texture and replicate the versatility of ground beef. In May 2019
 we began selling the Beyond Burger in retail stores across Canada. In June 2019
 we introduced the new Beyond Burger and Beyond Beef at retailers across the U.S. As of December 31
 2019
28
: We plan to continue to expand our network of restaurant and foodservice partners
 including large full service restaurant (&#8220;FSR&#8221;) and QSR customers in the United States and abroad
 with increased penetration across this channel reflecting a desire by restaurant and foodservice establishments to add plant-based products to their menus and to highlight these offerings. As of December 31
 2019
36
: We believe there is significant demand for our products globally in retail and restaurant and foodservice channels and expect to increase production for those regions in 2020. As of December 31
 2019
13
We are committed to prioritizing investment in our infrastructure and capabilities in order to support our strategic expansion plans. As a fast-growing company
 we are making significant investments in hiring the best people
 maximizing our supply chain capabilities
 investing in innovation
 sales and marketing
We have plans to unlock additional capacity both domestically and internationally. In 2019
 we entered into relationships with additional co-manufacturers to significantly increase our production capacity. In response to growing international demand for our products
 in 2019 we commenced co-manufacturing in Canada
 and also expanded our partnership with one of our distributors to co-manufacture our innovative plant-based meats at a new co-manufacturing facility built by our distributor in the Netherlands
We are continually reviewing opportunities to increase and/or leverage manufacturing capacity across our network
 identifying opportunities to increase overall equipment effectiveness
The successes of our products have confirmed our belief that there is significant demand for additional plant-based meat products. We intend to strengthen our product offerings by improving the formulations for our existing portfolio of products and by creating new products that expand the portfolio. We are continually refining our products to improve their taste
 texture
 aroma and appearance. In addition
to continue to innovate within our core plant-based platforms of beef
 pork and poultry to create exciting new product lines and improve the formulations for our existing portfolio of products. New product launches in the last twelve months include Beyond Beef
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 a new version of the Beyond Burger
 designed to have a meatier taste and texture
 as well as Beyond Fried Chicken and Beyond Meatball
We intend to continue to develop our brand and increase awareness of Beyond Meat. We plan on highlighting our &#8220;GO BEYOND&#8221; message and the global benefits that come with eating our products. We also plan to continue to create relevant content with our network of celebrities
 influencers and brand ambassadors
We sell a range of products across the three core plant-based platforms of beef
 pork and poultry. They are offered in ready-to-cook formats (generally merchandised at retail in the meat case)
 which we refer to as our &#8220;fresh&#8221; platform
 and ready-to-heat formats (merchandised at retail in the freezer)
 which we refer to as our &#8220;frozen&#8221; platform. Though the original line of Beyond Meat products were ready-to-heat
 our ready-to-cook offerings
 such as the Beyond Burger and Beyond Sausage
 have been the chief drivers of our growth. All of our products are free of GMOs and
 other than Beyond Fried Chicken and Beyond Meatball
 are 100% free of gluten. All of our products are also lower in saturated fats than their animal-based equivalents. We are focused on making them nutritionally dense
 The Beyond Burger
 our flagship product
 was our first product merchandised in the meat case of grocery stores in the United States. The Beyond Burger is designed to look
 cook and taste like traditional ground beef. It is made from a blend of pea
 mung bean and rice proteins. The Beyond Burger&#8217;s primary source of protein comes from peas
 providing 20 grams of protein
 has no soy
 Beyond Beef is designed to have the meaty taste and texture of ground beef and replicate the versatility of ground beef. It has 25% less saturated fat than 80/20 beef or six grams per four-ounce serving. Like animal-based ground beef
 Beyond Beef can be used in a variety of dishes
 such as tacos and meatballs. It is made from a blend of pea
 mung bean and rice proteins
 has no soy
 Beyond Sausage is a ready-to-cook sausage designed to look
 cook and taste like a pork sausage. Beyond Sausage is made from a blend of pea
 fava bean and rice proteins. Beyond Sausage&#8217;s primary source of protein comes from peas
 providing 16 grams of protein and three grams of fiber per serving
 has no soy
 gluten or GMOs and is certified Kosher and Halal. Beyond Sausage currently comes in three flavors across foodservice: Brat Original
 Hot Italian and Sweet Italian. It currently comes in two flavors across retail: Brat Original and Hot Italian
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage is designed to replicate a classic breakfast sausage patty. Beyond Breakfast Sausage is made from a blend of pea
 mung bean and rice proteins
 seasoned with notes of sage and black pepper. It provides 10 grams of plant-based protein per serving
 has no soy
 gluten or GMOs and is certified Kosher and Halal. Beyond Breakfast Sausage was available in our restaurant and foodservice channel as of December 31
 2019
Beyond Fried Chicken is a plant-based chicken made with simple
 non-GMO ingredients and soy protein
The Beyond Meatball integrates our plant-based protein blend made from peas
 brown rice and mung beans in a breadcrumb mixture. The Beyond Meatball has 3 grams of protein per serving
 is made with simple
 non-GMO ingredients
. Beyond Beef Crumbles are ready-to-heat products designed to look and satisfy like minced or ground beef. Beyond Beef Crumbles&#8217; primary source of protein comes from peas
 providing approximately 14 grams of protein and one gram of fiber per serving
 has no soy
 gluten or GMOs and is certified Kosher and Halal. Beyond Beef Crumbles currently come in two flavors for retail: Beefy and Feisty. The four flavors available for foodservice are Plain
 Beefy
Since the success of the Beyond Burger
 we have created a strong presence at leading food retailers across the United States. As of December 31
 2019
28
000
 or 
As of December 31
 2019
36
 restaurant and foodservice outlets in the United States and Canada. We continue to expand our partnerships with restaurant and foodservice customers
 including large FSR and QSR customers in the United States and abroad. Our products are also available in prominent entertainment and hospitality vendors and sports venues. Net revenues from sales through our restaurant and foodservice channel in 2019 increased 
 or 
We sell to a variety of customers in the retail and restaurant and foodservice channels throughout the United States and internationally primarily through distributors who purchase
 store
 sell
 Because such distributors function in an intermediary role
 we do not consider them to be direct customers. In addition
For 2019
DOT Foods
DOT&#8221;)
 17% and United Natural Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;UNFI&#8221;)
 16%. For 2018
 our largest distributors in terms of their respective percentage of our gross revenues included the following: UNFI
 32%; DOT
 21%; and Sysco Merchandising and Supply Chain Services
 Inc.
 13%. For 2017
 our largest distributors in terms of their respective percentage of our gross revenues included the following: UNFI
Distributors
 LLC
 10%; and DOT
 10%. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of our gross revenues in 2019
We distribute our products internationally
 using distributors. Our international net revenues (which exclude revenues from Canada) are included in our retail and restaurant and foodservice channels and were approximately 
 
 respectively
 of our net revenues in 2019
The principal ingredients used to manufacture our products include pea protein and our plant-based flavors. We procure the raw materials for our woven protein from a number of different suppliers. Although most of the raw materials we require are typically readily available from multiple sources
Our one-year pea protein supply agreement with Roquette America
 Inc.
 expired on December 31
 2019 and was replaced by a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette Fr&#232;res (&#8220;Roquette&#8221;) pursuant to which Roquette will provide the Company with plant-based protein. The agreement expires on December 31
 2022; however it can be terminated after 18 months under certain circumstances. This agreement increases the amount of plant-based protein to be supplied by Roquette in each of 2020
 2021 and 2022 compared to the amount supplied 2019. The total annual amount purchased each year by us must be at least the minimum amount specified in the agreement
 which totals in the aggregate $154.1 million over the term of the agreement. See 
 
We also have a three-year supply agreement with PURIS Proteins
 LLC
 or Puris
 (the &#8220;Puris Agreement&#8221;) under which we may purchase domestically sourced pea protein. The Puris Agreement expires on December 31
 2021. We obtain protein under the Puris Agreement on a purchase order basis. We have the right to cancel purchase orders if we provide timely written notice; however
Flavors consist of product flavors that have been developed by our innovation team in collaboration with our supply partners exclusively for us. The formulas are then produced by our suppliers for use in our products. Ingredients in our flavors are qualified through trials to ensure manufacturability. Upon receipt of the ingredients
 we receive Certificates of Analysis from our suppliers in our quality control process to confirm that our rigorous standards have been met. Flavors are extensively tested prior to introduction to ensure finished product attributes such as taste
 texture
We have multi-year supply agreements with two of our suppliers of pea protein for our fresh products
 but do not have long-term supply agreements with most of our other suppliers. However
 we secure our supplies on a purchase order basis. As most of the raw materials we use in our flavors are readily available in the market from many suppliers
First
 a dry blend containing our plant protein is combined within our manufacturing facility. The dry blend then enters our extruder
 where both water and steam are added. We then use a combination of heating
 cooling and variations of pressure to weave together the proteins. The formed woven protein is then cut into smaller pieces to expedite the freezing process and assist in the final manufacturing process. The frozen woven protein is used as the basis of all our products. Next
 our co-manufacturers further process the frozen woven protein by combining flavorings and other ingredients
 after which the co-manufacturer prepares the final packaged product that is then shipped to distributors or direct to customers. In order to sustain the quality of our products
 we have implemented a &#8220;define
 measure
 analyze
 improve and control
&#8221; or DMAIC
 approach to improve
Our co-manufacturers are currently in various locations throughout the United States
 and
 in 2019
 we commenced co-manufacturing in Canada and also expanded our partnership with one of our distributors to co-manufacture our innovative plant-based meats at a new co-manufacturing facility built by our distributor in the Netherlands
In-process quality checks are performed throughout the manufacturing process
 including temperature
 physical dimensions and weight. We provide specific instructions to customers and consumers for storing and cooking our products. All products are transported and stored frozen. Frozen products such as the Beyond Beef Crumbles are intended to be prepared from their frozen state
Retail products sold in the meat case as part of our &#8220;fresh&#8221; platform
 such as the Beyond Burger
 Beyond Sausage and Beyond Beef
 are shipped to the customer frozen. The customer is provided instructions on &#8216;slacking
&#8217; which is typically done by moving frozen food to a refrigerator to allow it to slowly and safely thaw before cooking. For this step
From our co-manufacturing facilities
At present
Our customer service and logistics functions are responsible for customer-facing activities
 order management
 customer logistics
 3PL leadership and intra-company distribution. We utilize NetSuite (ERP)
 MS Applications and Cloud interface platforms for these processes. Customer orders are principally transmitted via electronic data interface
 or EDI
 but may be processed manually if necessary. Orders are accepted in NetSuite
 reviewed for accuracy and fulfillment plans are developed. When fulfillment plans are ready
 orders are downloaded and emailed to our transportation partners for tendering. Metrics for the Customer Service and Logistics team include order fill
 on-time shipping
As of December 31
 2019
-person sales and commercial team is organized into three divisions
 retail
 foodservice and international. The sales team has an extensive range of experience from leading natural food
 meat and plant-based protein companies. They work in close coordination with a national network of broker and distributor sales teams that gives us access to accounts across the United States
. Our Beyond Meat food trucks support consumer sampling
 content creation
 as well as media
In 2019
 we executed approximately 2
000 such events
 with approximately 428
The primary means by which we drive consumer awareness and interest in our products is via (i) social and digital media
 (ii) PR
 (iii) ambassador and influencer activations
 (iv) customer media
While we enjoy upward growth in our online marketing activities
 we have historically done a relatively modest amount of paid targeting. We maintain a registered domain website at www.beyondmeat.com
 which serves as the primary source of information regarding our products. Our website is used as a platform to promote our products
 provide news
 share recipes
 highlight nutritional facts and provide general information on where to purchase our products
We extensively use social media platforms such as Facebook
: We maintain a company Facebook page
 which we use to facilitate consumer services
 distribute brand information and news and publish videos and pictures promoting the brand. We also conduct regular contests and giveaways. As of December 31
 2019
 we had over 412
: We maintain an active company Instagram account
 @beyondmeat
 which we use to publish content related to our products and company in order to better connect with potential and existing consumers. We frequently publish news
 celebrity promotion and content related to our activities. As of December 31
 2019
 we had over 870
: We maintain an active company Twitter account
 @BeyondMeat
 which we use to disseminate trending news and information
 as well as to publish short format tips
 tricks and shortcuts. We also regularly interact with our consumers. As of December 31
 2019
 we had over 100
: We maintain an active company LinkedIn account
 which we use to disseminate news related to Beyond Meat and industry-related media and information. We use our LinkedIn account as a job board for individuals interested in working with us. As of December 31
 2019
 we had more than 50
We operate in a highly competitive environment. We believe that we compete with both conventional animal-protein companies
 such as Cargill
 Hormel
 JBS
 Perdue Foods
 Tyson and WH Group
 and also plant-based protein brands
 including brands affiliated with conventional animal-protein companies and other large food operators
 such as Boca Foods (Kraft Heinz)
 Field Roast Grain Meat Co.
 Gardein (Conagra)
 Impossible Foods
 Lightlife (Maple Leaf Foods)
 Incogmeato (Morningstar Farms/Kellogg)
 Tofurky
 Nestle&#8217; S.A.
 Pure Farmland by Smithfield Foods (WH Group)
 Raised &amp; Rooted (Tyson)
 Happy Little Plants (Hormel) and Sysco&#8217;s Simply Plant-Based Meatless Burger. Additionally
 a number of U.S. and international companies are working on developing lab-grown or &#8220;clean meat
&#8221; an animal-protein product cultivated from cells taken from animals
&#8226; low-carbohydrate
 low-sugar
&#8226; lack of soy
We believe we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors. However
 many companies in our industry have substantially greater financial resources
 more comprehensive product lines
 broader market presence
 longer standing relationships with distributors and suppliers
 longer operating histories
 greater production and distribution capabilities
As of December 31
 2019
 full-time employees
Our research and development team creates
 tests and refines our products at our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center. We employ in-house scientists
 engineers
As of December 31
 2019
 scientists
 engineers
 researchers
Innovation is a core competency of ours and important part of our growth strategy. Our goal is to identify large
 animal-based meat product categories across our core plant-based platforms of beef
 pork and poultry that exhibit long-term consumer trends. We then dedicate significant research and development resources to create authentic plant-based versions of these products that replicate the taste
 texture
: We are researching new materials and technologies capable of mimicking saturated fat in terms of texture and appearance
: We pursue new non-animal proteins that add function to our food products
 including native proteins that can denature during cooking
: We are seeking new materials and technologies to expand the scope of controlled-release delivery systems in our food products as it relates to delivering flavor
Generally
 we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. In each of 2019 and 2018
 we experienced strong net revenue growth compared to the previous year
 which masked this seasonal impact. As our business continues to grow
effects
 especially within our retail channel
We own domestic and international trademarks and other proprietary rights that are important to our business. Depending upon the jurisdiction
 trademarks are valid as long as they are used in the regular course of trade and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Our primary trademarks include Beyond Meat
 Beyond Burger
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 Beyond Chicken
 Beyond Fried Chicken
 Beyond Meatball
 the Caped Steer Logo
 GO BEYOND
 Eat What You Love
 The Cookout Classic
 The Future of Protein
 and The Future of Protein Beyond Meat
 and design are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat
 Inc. in the United States and
 in some cases
 in certain other countries. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand to our consumers. We have applied for or have trademark registrations internationally as well. We believe the protection of our trademarks
 copyrights
 patents
 domain names
We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademark
 copyright
 patent
We believe our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to our business. At December 31
 2019
We consider the specifics of our marketing
 promotions and products as a trade secret
 and information we wish to keep confidential. In addition
 we consider proprietary information related to formulas
 processes
 know-how and methods used in our production and manufacturing as trade secrets
 and information we wish to keep confidential. We have taken reasonable measures to keep the above-mentioned items
 as well as our business and marketing plans
 customer lists and contracts reasonably protected
Operating segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and that is regularly reviewed by its chief operating decision maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;)
 in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. Our CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. We have determined that we operate in one operating segment and one reportable segment
 as our CODM reviews financial information presented on an aggregate basis for purposes of making operating decisions
 allocating resources
Along with our co-manufacturers
 brokers
 distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations&#160;in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities&#160;and in Canada
 the European Union
 the United Kingdom
 and other jurisdictions by foreign authorities. In the United States
 the primary federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution
 labeling and advertising of our products are the FDA and the FTC
 and&#160;foreign regulatory authorities include Health Canada or the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (&#8220;CFIA&#8221;) and the authorities of the EU or the EU member states.&#160;Under various federal statutes and implementing regulations&#160;and foreign requirements
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our product composition
&#160;ingredients
&#160;manufacturing
 labeling and other marketing and advertising to consumers. Among other things
 the facilities in which our products and ingredients are manufactured must register with the FDA&#160;and any other relevant authorities based on location
 comply with current good manufacturing practices
 or cGMPs
&#160;and comply with a range of food safety requirements established by and implemented under the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011&#160;and applicable foreign food safety and manufacturing requirements.&#160;Federal
 state
 and foreign regulators&#160;have&#160;the authority to inspect&#160;our&#160;facilities to evaluate compliance with&#160;applicable&#160;requirements.&#160;Federal
 state
that certain nutrition and product information appear on our product labels and
 more generally
 that our labels and labeling be truthful and non-misleading&#160;and that our&#160; marketing and advertising be truthful
 non-misleading and not deceptive to consumers. We are also restricted from making certain types of claims about our products
 including&#160;for example
 in the United States
&#160;nutrient content claims
 health claims
 and claims regarding the effects of our products on any structure or function of the body
 whether express or implied
In addition
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA
 regulates certain categories of food products
 including meat and poultry products. Although our plant-based products are not currently regulated by the USDA
 in February 2018
 the agency received a petition from industry requesting that it exclude products not derived from the tissue or flesh of animals that have been harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;meat
&#8221; and exclude products not derived from cattle born
 raised and harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;beef.&#8221; The USDA has not yet responded substantively to this petition
&#160;The United States Congress is also currently considering federal legislation
 called the Real MEAT Act
 that could require changes to our product labeling and marketing
In addition to federal regulatory requirements in the United States
 certain states impose their own manufacturing and labeling requirements. For example
 every state in which our products are manufactured requires facility registration with the relevant state food safety agency
 and those facilities are subject to state inspection as well as federal inspection. Further
 states can impose state-specific labeling requirements. For example
 in 2018
 the state of Missouri passed a law that prohibits any person engaged in advertising
 offering for sale
 or sale of food products from misrepresenting products as meat that are not derived from harvested production livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which include prominent disclosure that the product is &#8220;made from plants
&#8221; or comparable disclosure such as through the use of the phrase &#8220;plant-based
&#8221; are not misrepresented under Missouri law. Additional states
 including Mississippi
 have subsequently passed similar laws
 and legislation that would impose additional requirements on plant-based meat products is currently pending in a number of states.&#160;We believe that our products are manufactured and labeled in material compliance with all relevant state requirements
 including the recent Missouri law
We are also subject to the laws of Australia
 Canada
 Hong Kong
 Israel and the United Kingdom
 among others
 and requirements specific to those jurisdictions could impose additional manufacturing or labeling requirements or restrictions.&#160;For example
 in Europe
 the Agriculture Committee of the European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of &#8220;meat&#8221; and meat-related terms and names for products that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals.&#160; At country level
 however
 for example in the United Kingdom
 this proposal was challenged by the House of Lords stating that there is no evidence that consumers are being misled.&#160; Beyond Meat is actively monitoring these developments
 but if adopted
We are subject to labor and employment laws
 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our co-manufacturers
 distributors and suppliers
Beyond Meat
 Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on April 8
 2011 originally under the name &#8220;J&#160;Green&#160;Natural Foods Co.&#8221; On October 5
 2011
 we changed our corporate name to &#8220;Savage River
 Inc.
&#8221; with &#8220;Beyond Meat&#8221; being our &#8220;doing business as&#8221; name. On September 7
 2018
 we changed our corporate name to &#8220;Beyond Meat
On May 6
 2019
 we completed our initial public offering (&#8220;IPO&#8221;) of 11
068
750 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $25.00 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately $252.4 million
On August 5
 2019
 we completed a secondary public offering (&#8220;Secondary Offering&#8221;) of common stock
 in which we sold&#160;250
000&#160;shares. The shares were sold at a public offering price of&#160;$160.00&#160;per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately&#160;$37.4&#160;million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of&#160;$1.5&#160;million&#160;and issuance costs of approximately $1.1 million payable by us. 
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019
 on January 14
 2020
 we registered our new subsidiary
 Beyond Meat EU B.V.
&#8220;Beyond Meat
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Burger
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Beef
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Sausage
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Breakfast Sausage
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Chicken
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Fried Chicken
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Meatball
&#8221; the Caped Steer Logo
 &#8220;GO BEYOND
&#8221; &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; &#8220;The&#160;Cookout Classic
&#8221; &#8220;The Future of Protein&#8221; and &#8220;The Future of Protein Beyond Meat&#8221; and design are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat
 Inc. in the United States and
 in some cases
 in certain other countries. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience
 the trademarks and trade names contained herein are referred to without the &#174; and&#160;&#8482;&#160;symbols
 but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert
 to the fullest extent under applicable law
The Company maintains a website at the following address:&#160;www.beyondmeat.com. The information on the Company's website is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC
We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). These include our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The SEC also maintains a web site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
Investors and others should note that Beyond Meat routinely announces material information to investors and the marketplace using SEC filings
 press releases
 public conference calls
 webcasts and the Beyond Meat Investor Relations website. We also intend to use certain social media channels as a means of disclosing information about us and our products to consumers
 our customers
 investors and the public (e.g.
 @BeyondMeat
 #BeyondBurger and #GoBeyond on Facebook
.&#160; The information posted on social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. While not all of the information that the Company posts to the Beyond Meat Investor Relations website or to social media accounts is of a material nature
 some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly
 the Company encourages investors
 the media
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors
 as well as the other information in this report
 including the section titled &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and our financial statements and related notes
 before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 operating results
 cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In this case
Risks Related to Our Business
 Our Brand
We have a history of losses
 and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability.
 2018 and 2017
 we incurred net losses of 
 
 respectively. We anticipate that our operating expenses and capital expenditures will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to increase our customer base
 supplier network and co-manufacturing partners
 expand our marketing channels
 invest in our distribution and manufacturing facilities
 pursue geographic expansion
 hire additional employees and enhance our technology and production capabilities. Our expansion efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate
 and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues and margins sufficiently to offset the anticipated higher expenses. We incur significant expenses in developing our innovative products
 building out our manufacturing facilities
 securing an adequate supply of raw materials
 obtaining and storing ingredients and other products and marketing the products we offer. In addition
 many of our expenses
 including some of the costs associated with our existing and any future manufacturing facilities
 are fixed. Accordingly
 we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability
If we fail to effectively expand our manufacturing and production capacity
accurately forecast demand for our products or quickly respond to forecast changes
If we do not have sufficient capacity to meet our customers&#8217; demands and to satisfy increased demand
 we will need to expand our operations
 supply and manufacturing capabilities. However
 there is risk in our ability to effectively scale production processes and effectively manage our supply chain requirements. We must accurately forecast demand for our products and inventory needs in order to ensure we have adequate available manufacturing capacity and to ensure we are effectively managing our inventory. Our forecasts are based on multiple assumptions which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate and affect our ability to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity (whether our own manufacturing capacity or co-manufacturing capacity) and adequate inventory supply in order to meet the demand for our products
However
 if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity or inventory
 we may have significantly underutilized assets underutilized assets
 experience reduced margins
 and have excess inventory which we may be required to write-down. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities and inventory supply with demand
 if we experience disruptions or delays in our supply chain
 or if we cannot obtain raw materials of sufficient quantity and quality at reasonable prices and in a timely manner
 our business
Because we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers
In addition
 our pea protein suppliers manufacture their products at a limited number of facilities. A natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage or other calamity affecting any of these facilities
 or any interruption in their operations
 could negatively impact our ability to obtain required quantities of pea protein in a timely manner
 or at all
Events that adversely affect our suppliers of pea protein and other raw materials could impair our ability to obtain raw material inventory in the quantities that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#8217; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 ability to import raw materials
 product quality issues
 costs
 production
 insurance and reputation
 as well as disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic)
 acts of war
 terrorism
 natural disasters
 fires
 earthquakes
 flooding or other catastrophic occurrences. We continuously seek alternative sources of protein to use in our products
If we need to replace an existing supplier
 there can be no assurance that supplies of raw materials will be available when required on acceptable terms
 or at all
 or that a new supplier would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements
 fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our strict quality standards. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
Our future business
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow certain crops such as Canadian
 European and North American yellow peas
 the vagaries of these farming businesses (including poor harvests impacting the quality of the peas grown)
 changes in national and world economic conditions
 tariffs
 and our ability to forecast our ingredient requirements. The high quality ingredients used in many of our products are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes and pestilence. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality
 which in turn could reduce the available supply of
 or increase the price of
 quality ingredients. In addition
 we purchase some ingredients offshore
 and the availability of such ingredients may be affected by events in other countries
 including Canada
 France and China. We also compete with other food producers in the procurement of ingredients
 and this competition may increase in the future if consumer demand for plant-based protein products increases. If supplies of quality ingredients are reduced or there is greater demand for such ingredients from us and others
 we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply that meets our strict quality standards on favorable terms
 or at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to distributors and retailers and may adversely affect our business
The COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse impact on our business
In December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus disease (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) was first reported in Wuhan
 China. Less than four months later
 on March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic&#8212;the first pandemic caused by a coronavirus. The outbreak has reached more than 160 countries
 resulting in the implementation of significant governmental measures
 including lockdowns
 closures
 quarantines and travel bans
The COVID-19 outbreak has already caused severe global disruptions.  In response to the virus
 China and Italy placed tens of millions of people under lockdown.  Spain and France also recently implemented lockdown measures
 and other countries and local governments may enact similar policies.  As of March 15
 2020
 the United States has temporarily restricted travel by foreign nationals into the country from a number of places
 including China and Europe.  In addition
 on March 18
 2020
 the U.S. and Canada agreed to restrict all nonessential travel across the border. Companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions and temporarily closing businesses.  These restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 are likely to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending
 which could materially adversely affect the supply of as well as the demand for our products.  Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of COVID-19 is likely to result in sustained market turmoil
 which could also negatively impact our business
Currently
 the principal ingredient in most of our products is pea protein.  We purchase pea protein from four suppliers
 one of which is based in China.  The impact of COVID-19 on this supplier
 or any of our other suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors or transportation or logistics providers
 may negatively affect the price and availability of our ingredients and/or packaging materials and impact our supply chain.  If the disruptions caused by COVID-19 continue for an extended period of time
Additionally
 we operate production space in two facilities in Columbia
 Missouri where we produce our woven protein.  We also operate our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 where our teams of scientists and engineers work to create new products and make improvements to existing products.  If we are forced to scale back hours of production or close these facilities in response to the pandemic
 we expect our business
Part of our growth strategy includes increasing the number of international customers and expanding into additional geographies.  We are also exploring adding co-manufacturing partners and production facilities abroad
 including in Asia.  The timing and success of our international expansion with respect to customers
 co-manufacturing partners and/or production facilities
 especially in China and other parts of Asia
 may be negatively impacted by COVID-19
Additionally
 COVID-19 may impact customer and consumer demand.  Governmental organizations
 such as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and state and local governments
 have recommended and/or imposed increased community-based interventions
 including event cancellations
 social distancing measures
 and restrictions on gatherings of more than ten people.  The governors of several states have temporarily closed bars and restaurants
 and others may follow suit.  As of March 16
 2020
 almost 7 million northern California residents were under a shelter-in-place order
 and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has cautioned New York residents to prepare for a similar order.  In the future
 government authorities may impose similar and/or additional restrictions on people&#8217;s movement
 public gatherings and businesses.  These measures are likely to result in fewer people eating out and greater numbers of restaurant closures
 both of which would negatively affect our restaurant and foodservice business.  Retail and grocery stores may be similarly impacted
The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of the outbreak
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape.  As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on our business.  However
 if the pandemic continues to evolve into a severe worldwide health crisis
 the disease could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
We use a limited number of distributors for the substantial majority of our sales
 and if we experience the loss of one or more distributors and cannot replace them in a timely manner
Many retailers and restaurant and foodservice providers purchase our products through food distributors who purchase
 store
 sell
 and deliver our products to such retailers and restaurant and foodservice providers. For 2019
 our largest distributors in terms of their respective percentage of our gross revenues included the following: DOT
 17% and UNFI
 16%. We expect that most of our sales will be made through a core number of distributors for the foreseeable future. Since these distributors act as intermediaries between us and the retail grocers or restaurants and foodservice providers
 we do not have short-term or long-term commitments or minimum purchase volumes in our contracts with them that ensure future sales of our products. If we lose one or more of our significant distributors and cannot replace the distributor in a timely manner or at all
 our business
If we fail to cost-effectively acquire new customers or retain our existing customers
 or if we fail to derive revenue from our existing customers consistent with our historical performance
Our success
 and our ability to increase revenues and operate profitably
 depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively acquire new customers
 to retain existing customers
 and to keep existing customers engaged so that they continue to purchase products from us. We intend to continue to expand our number of restaurant and foodservice customers
 both in the United States and internationally
 as part of our growth strategy. New national restaurant and foodservice customers will often initially add certain of our product offerings to their menus at limited locations on a limited test basis
 after which time these customers may choose to no longer offer our products or may ultimately scale back subsequent expansions. For example
 Tim Hortons
 which added the Beyond Breakfast Sausage to its menus across Canada in June 2019 and included the Beyond Burger at its nearly 4
000 locations in Canada in July 2019
 recently announced it would no longer sell our product offerings. If we fail to attract and retain new restaurant and foodservice customers
 or retain our existing restaurant and foodservice customers
 our business
Further
 if customers do not perceive our product offerings to be of sufficient value and quality
 or if we fail to offer new and relevant product offerings
Supermarkets in North America and the European Union continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases
 as well as operate with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
The loss of any large customer
Furthermore
 as retailers consolidate
 they may reduce the number of branded products they offer in order to accommodate private label products and generate more competitive terms from branded suppliers competing for limited retailer shelf space. Consequently
 our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the actions of one or more significant retailers. A retailer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot always anticipate or control
 such as their financial condition
 changes in their business strategy or operations
operating in different channels
 our retailers sometimes compete for the same consumers. Because of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this competition
A significant amount of our revenue is derived from products manufactured at manufacturing facilities owned and operated by our co-manufacturers. We currently only have a written manufacturing contract with one of our co-manufacturers in the United States. Any of the co-manufacturers with whom we do not have a written contract could seek to alter or terminate its relationship with us at any time
 leaving us with periods during which we have limited or no ability to manufacture our products. If we need to replace a co-manufacturer
 there can be no assurance that additional capacity will be available when required on acceptable terms
An interruption in
 or the loss of operations at
 one or more of our co-manufacturing facilities
 which may be caused by work stoppages
 production disruptions
 product quality issues
 disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic)
 acts of war
 terrorism
 fire
 earthquakes
 flooding or other natural disasters at one or more of these facilities
 could delay
 postpone or reduce production of some of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
We believe there are a limited number of competent
 high-quality co-manufacturers in the industry that meet our strict quality and control standards
 and as we seek to obtain additional or alternative co-manufacturing arrangements in the future
 there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so on satisfactory terms
 in a timely manner
 or at all. Additionally
 as we expand our operations internationally
 we will need to develop relationships with co-manufacturers overseas to meet sales demand
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully do so. Therefore
 the loss of one or more co-manufacturers
 any disruption or delay at a co-manufacturer or any failure to identify and engage co-manufacturers for new products
 product extensions and expanded operations could delay
 postpone or reduce production of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
We operate in a highly competitive market. Numerous brands and products compete for limited retailer shelf space
 foodservice and restaurant customers and consumers. In our market
 competition is based on
 among other things
 taste
 ingredients
 texture
 ease of integration into the consumer diet
 nutritional claims
 convenience
 brand recognition and loyalty
 product variety
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 access to restaurant and foodservice customers
 intellectual property protection on products
We compete with conventional animal-protein companies such as Cargill
 Hormel
 JBS
 Perdue Foods
 Tyson and WH Group
 who may have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and whose animal-based products are well-accepted in the marketplace today. They may also have lower operational costs
 and as a result may be able to offer conventional animal meat to customers at lower costs than plant-based meat. This could cause us to lower our prices
 resulting in lower profitability or
 in the alternative
We also compete with other food brands
 including brands affiliated with conventional animal-protein companies and other large food operators
 that develop and sell plant-based protein products
 including
 but not limited to
 Boca Foods (Kraft Heinz)
 Field Roast Grain Meat Co.
 Gardein (Conagra)
 Impossible Foods
 Lightlife (Maple Leaf Foods)
 Incogmeato (Morningstar Farms/Kellogg)
 Tofurky
 Nestle&#8217; S.A.
 Pure Farmland by Smithfield Foods (WH Group)
 Raised &amp; Rooted (Tyson)
 Happy Little Plants (Hormel) and Sysco&#8217;s Simply Plant-Based Meatless Burger
 and with companies which may be more innovative
 have more resources and be able to bring new products to market faster and to more quickly exploit and serve niche markets. For example
 a number of U.S. and international companies are working on developing lab-grown or &#8220;clean meat
&#8221; an animal-protein product cultivated from cells taken from animals
plant-based protein products. We compete with these competitors for foodservice and restaurant customers
Generally
 the food industry is dominated by multinational corporations with substantially greater resources and operations than us. We cannot be certain that we will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater financial
 sales and technical resources. Conventional food companies may acquire our competitors or launch their own plant-based protein products
 and they may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products
 reducing prices or increasing promotional activities
 among other things. Retailers also market competitive products under their own private labels
pete with some of our products. Similarly
 retailers could change the merchandising of our products and we may be unable to retain the placement of our products in meat cases to effectively compete with animal-protein products. Competitive pressures or other factors could cause us to lose market share
 which may require us to lower prices
 increase marketing and advertising expenditures
 or increase the use of discounting or promotional campaigns
We may require additional financing to achieve our goals
 and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms
 or at all
 may force us to delay
 limit
 reduce or terminate our product manufacturing and development
Since our inception
 substantially all of our resources have been dedicated to the development of our three core plant-based product platforms of beef
 pork and poultry
 including purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 principally to support the development and production of our products
 the build-out and equipping of our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 and manufacturing facility improvements and purchases of manufacturing equipment. We believe that we will continue to expend substantial resources for the foreseeable future as we expand into additional markets we may choose to pursue. These expenditures are expected to include costs associated with research and development
 manufacturing and supply
 as well as marketing and selling existing and new products. In addition
December&#160;31
 2019
. Our operating plan may change because of factors currently unknown to us
 and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned
 through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources
 such as strategic collaborations. Such financing may result in dilution to stockholders
 imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations
 or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. In addition
Our future capital requirements depend on many factors
the scope
 progress
any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us
 including the costs associated with our current litigation with a former co-manufacturer
the costs involved in preparing
 filing
 prosecuting
 maintaining
 defending and enforcing intellectual property claims
the timing
 receipt and amount of sales of
 or royalties on
 any future approved products
Additional funds may not be available when we need them
 on terms that are acceptable to us
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis
delay
 limit
 reduce or terminate our manufacturing
delay
 limit
Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 reputation
We believe our consumers rely on us to provide them with high-quality plant-based protein products. Therefore
 real or perceived quality or food safety concerns or failures to comply with applicable food regulations and requirements
 whether or not ultimately based on fact and whether or not involving us (such as incidents involving our competitors)
 could cause negative publicity and reduced confidence in our company
 brand or products
 or the industry as a whole
 which could in turn harm our reputation and sales
 and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. Although we believe we have a rigorous quality control process
 there can be no assurance that our products will always comply with the standards set for our products
 and although we strive to keep our products free of pathogenic organisms
 they may not be easily detected and cross-contamination can occur. For example
 in 2017
 before our products were shipped to distributors or customers
 we discovered
 through our quality control process
We have no control over our products once purchased by consumers. Accordingly
 consumers may prepare our products in a manner that is inconsistent with our directions or store our products for long periods of time
 which may adversely affect the quality and safety of our products. If consumers do not perceive our products to be safe or of high quality
 then the value of our brand would be diminished
 and our business
Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the ingredients used in our products or in the safety and quality of our products would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of high-quality plant-based protein products and may significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any of our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand
The growing use of social and digital media by us
 our consumers and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative publicity about us
 our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands
Food safety and food-borne illness incidents or advertising or product mislabeling may materially adversely affect our business by exposing us to lawsuits
 product recalls or regulatory enforcement actions
Selling food for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks
 and there is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. Unexpected side effects
 illness
 injury or death related to allergens
 food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents caused by products we sell
 or involving our suppliers or co-manufacturers
relationships with such suppliers or co-manufacturers
 or otherwise result in increased operating costs
 regulatory enforcement actions or harm to our reputation. Shipment of adulterated or misbranded products
 even if inadvertent
 can result in criminal or civil liability. Such incidents could also expose us to product liability
 negligence or other lawsuits
 including consumer class action lawsuits. Any claims brought against us may exceed or be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any judgment against us that is more than our policy limits or not covered by our policies or not subject to insurance would have to be paid from our cash reserves
The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients
 resulting in higher costs
 disruptions in supply and a reduction in our sales. Furthermore
 any instances of food contamination or regulatory noncompliance
 whether or not caused by our actions
 could compel us
 our suppliers
 our distributors or our customers
e circumstances
 to conduct a recall in accordance with FDA regulations
 comparable state laws or international laws. Food recalls could result in significant losses due to their costs
 the destruction of product inventory
In addition
 food companies have been subject to targeted
 large-scale tampering as well as to opportunistic
 individual product tampering
 and we
 like any food company
 could be a target for product tampering. Forms of tampering could include the introduction of foreign material
 chemical contaminants and pathological organisms into consumer products as well as product substitution. Recently issued FDA regulations require companies like us to analyze
 prepare and implement mitigation strategies specifically to address tampering (i.e.
 intentional adulteration) designed to inflict widespread public health harm. If we do not adequately address the possibility
 or any actual instance
 of intentional adulteration
 we could face possible seizure or recall of our products and the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions
 which could materially adversely affect our business
The Beyond Burger accounted for approximately 64%
 70% and 48% of our gross revenues in 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The Beyond Burger is our flagship product and has historically been the focal point of our development and marketing efforts
 and we believe that sales of the Beyond Burger will continue to constitute a significant portion of our revenues
 income and cash flow for the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to expand production and distribution of the Beyond Burger
 or that customer demand for our other existing and future products will expand to allow such products to represent a larger percentage of our revenue than they do currently. Accordingly
 any factor adversely affecting sales of the Beyond Burger could have a material adverse effect on our business
The primary components of all of our products are manufactured in our two Columbia
 Missouri facilities and any damage or disruption at these facilities may harm our business. Moreover
 Columbia
A significant portion of our operations are located in our two Columbia
 Missouri facilities. A natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage
 outbreaks of pandemics or contagious diseases (such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic) or other calamity at one or both of these facilities would significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any material amount of our machinery or inventory were damaged
 we would be unable to meet our contractual obligations and cannot predict when
 if at all
 we could replace or repair such machinery
 which could materially adversely affect our business
Our plans for addressing our rapid growth include expanding operations at our Columbia
 Missouri facilities and/or seeking alternative or additional facilities. In this tight labor market
 we may be unable to hire and retain skilled employees
 which will severely hamper our expansion plans
efforts. As of December 2019
 the Columbia area had an unemployment rate of 2.4%. As a result of this tight labor market
 we currently rely on temporary workers in addition to full-time employees
 and in the future
 we may be unable to attract and retain employees with the skills we require
We may not successfully ramp up operations at our new Columbia
In June 2018
 we commenced manufacturing operations in our new Columbia
 Missouri facility and expect to continue to add more production capacity through 2021. Any substantial delay in bringing this facility up to full production on our current schedule may hinder our ability to produce all of the product needed to meet orders and/or achieve our expected financial performance. Opening this facility has required
 and will continue to require
 additional capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which has and will continue to divert resources from our existing business or operations. In addition
 we have hired and will need to hire and retain more skilled employees to operate the expanded facility in this tight labor market. Even if our new Columbia
 Missouri facility is brought up to full production according to our current schedule
Our Columbia
 Missouri facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products is costly to replace or repair and may require substantial lead-time to do so. For example
 our estimate of throughput or our extrusion capacity may be impacted by disruption from extruder lead-in time
 calibration
 maintenance and unexpected delays. In addition
 our ability to procure new extruders may face more lengthy lead times than is typical. We may also not be able to find suitable alternatives with co-manufacturers to replace the output from such equipment on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. In the future
 we may also experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of regulatory issues
 equipment failure or delays in raw material deliveries. Any such disruption or unanticipated event may cause significant interruptions or delays in our business and the reduction or loss of inventory may render us unable to fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. We have property and business disruption insurance in place for our Columbia
 Missouri facilities; however
 such insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms
A key element of our growth strategy depends on our ability to develop and market new products and improvements to our existing products that meet our standards for quality and appeal to consumer preferences. The success of our innovation and product development efforts is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences
 accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in new geographic markets
 the technical capability of our innovation staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with applicable governmental regulations
 and the success of our management and sales and marketing teams in introducing and marketing new products. Our innovation staff members are continuously testing alternative plant-based proteins to the proteins we currently use in our products
 as they seek to find additional protein options to our current ingredients that are more easily sourced
 and which retain and build upon the quality and appeal of our current product offerings. Failure to develop and market new products that appeal to consumers may lead to a decrease in our growth
Additionally
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products
If we fail to manage our future growth effectively
We have grown rapidly since inception and anticipate further growth. For example
December&#160;31
 (including contract employees) has more than tripled since December 31
 2016. This growth has placed significant demands on our management
 financial
 operational
anticipated growth and expansion of our business and our product offerings will continue to place significant demands on our management and operations teams and require significant additional resources to meet our needs
 which may not be available in a cost-effective manner
 or at all. If we do not effectively manage our growth
 we may not be able to execute on our business plan
 respond to competitive pressures
 take advantage of market opportunities
 satisfy customer requirements or maintain high-quality product offerings
 any of which could harm our business
 brand
We face intense competition in our market from our competitors
 including manufacturers of animal-based meat products and other brands that produce plant-based protein products
Our future success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding supply and distribution
 improving placement of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brand and introducing new products and product extensions
 and expanding into new geographic markets. Our ability to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
manage relationships with various suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and other third parties
 and expend time and effort to integrate new suppliers
 co-manufacturers
We may face difficulties as we expand our operations in other countries
We intend to continue to expand our global footprint and enter into new markets. International operations involve a number of risks
 including foreign regulatory compliance
 tariffs
 taxes and exchange controls
 economic downturns
 inflation
 foreign currency fluctuations and political and social instability in the countries in which we operate. Expansion may involve expanding into countries other than those in which we currently operate. It may also involve expanding into less developed countries
 which may have less political
 social or economic stability and less developed infrastructure and legal systems. In addition
 it may be difficult for us to understand and accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in these new geographic markets. It is costly to establish
 develop and maintain international operations and develop and promote our brands in international markets. As we expand our business into other countries
 we may encounter regulatory
 legal
 personnel
 technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses and/or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries
Ingredient and packaging costs are volatile and may rise significantly
We purchase large quantities of raw materials
 including ingredients derived from Canadian
 European and North American yellow peas
 mung beans
 sunflower seeds
 rice
 fava beans
 canola oil and coconut oil. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of cardboard
Costs of ingredients and packaging are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 weather conditions
 consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs. Volatility in the prices of raw materials and other supplies we purchase could increase our cost of sales and reduce our profitability. Moreover
 we may not be able to implement price increases for our products to cover any increased costs
 and any price increases we do implement may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in managing our ingredient and packaging costs
 if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our sales volumes
 then such increases in costs will adversely affect our business
If we fail to develop and maintain our brand
We have developed a strong and trusted brand that has contributed significantly to the success of our business
 and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of the Beyond Meat brand. Maintaining
 promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend on
 among other factors
 the success of our plant-based product offerings
 food safety
 quality assurance
 marketing and merchandising efforts
 the nutritional benefits provided by our products and our ability to provide a consistent
 high-quality customer experience. Any negative publicity
 regardless of its accuracy
 could materially adversely affect our business. Brand value is based on perceptions of subjective qualities
 and any incident that erodes the loyalty of our customers
 suppliers or co-manufacturers
 including adverse publicity or a governmental investigation or litigation
Consumer preferences for our products are difficult to predict and may change
 and
 if we are unable to respond quickly to new trends
Our business is focused on the development
 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of a line of branded plant-based protein products as alternatives to animal-based protein products. Consumer demand could change based on a number of possible factors
 including dietary habits and nutritional values
 concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients and shifts in preference for various product attributes. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business and financial condition would suffer. In addition
 sales of plant-based protein or meat-alternative products are subject to evolving consumer preferences that we may not be able to accurately predict or respond to. Consumer trends that we believe favor sales of our products could change based on a number of possible factors
 including a shift in preference from plant-based protein to animal-based protein products
 economic factors and social trends. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products could reduce our sales or our market share and the prestige of our brand
Additionally
 lobbyists supporting the meat industry have engaged in marketing campaigns in an attempt to generate negative publicity regarding our products and may continue to do so in the future. Any shift in consumer perception that our products are not healthy as a result of these campaigns could significantly reduce the value of our brand and damage our business. Other types of adverse publicity concerning our business or the plant-based meat industry generally could also harm our brand
Although we have grown rapidly over the last several years
 our revenue growth rates may slow over time due to a number of reasons
 including increasing competition
 market saturation
 slowing demand for our offerings
 increasing regulatory costs and challenges
We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to customers and consumers which may occasionally result in reduced margins. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 off-invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. We anticipate needing to offer more trade and promotion discounting
 primarily within the retail channel
competition pricing and promotions. We anticipate that
 at times
Fluctuations in our results of operations for our second and third quarters may impact
Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations that may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations. Generally
 we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. As our business continues to grow
 we expect to see additional seasonality effects
 especially within our retail channel
 with revenue contribution from this channel tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year.  Any factors that harm our second and third quarter operating results
 including disruptions in our supply chain
 adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions
From time to time
 we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we may establish reserves
For example
 on May 25
 2017
 following our termination of our supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 a co-manufacturer
 Don Lee Farms filed a lawsuit against us in California state court claiming that we wrongfully terminated the parties&#8217; contract and that we misappropriated their trade secrets principally by sharing with subsequent co-manufacturers the processes for manufacturing our products&#8212;processes which they claim to have developed. On July 27
 2017 we filed a cross-complaint
 alleging that Don Lee Farms (1)&#160;breached the supply agreement
 including by failing to provide saleable product
 as certain of our products manufactured by Don Lee Farms were contaminated with salmonella and other foreign objects
 and that Don Lee Farms did not take appropriate actions to address these issues; (2) engaged in unfair competition in violation of California&#8217;s Unfair Competition Law; and (3) unlawfully converted certain Beyond Meat property
 including certain pieces of equipment. In October 2018
 Don Lee Farms filed an amended complaint that added ProPortion Foods
 LLC (one of Beyond Meat&#8217;s current contract manufacturers) as a defendant
 principally for claims arising from ProPortion&#8217;s alleged use of Don Lee Farms&#8217; alleged trade secrets
 and for replacing Don Lee Farms as Beyond Meat&#8217;s co-manufacturer. ProPortion filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity
 contribution
 and repayment. On March 11
 2019
 Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against us. On May 30
 2019
 the judge denied our motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed. On June 19
 2019
 we filed an answer denying Don Lee Farms' claims. On January 27
 2020
 Don Lee Farms filed a third amended complaint to add three individual defendants
 all of whom are current or former employees of ours
 including Mark Nelson
 our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 to Don Lee Farms&#8217; existing fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraud and negligent misrepresentation. The individual defendants deny all allegations of fraud and negligent misrepresentation. On January 24
 2020
 a writ judge granted Don Lee Farms a right to attach in the amount of $628
689 on the grounds that Don Lee Farms had established a &#8220;probable validity&#8221; of its claim that we owe it money for a small batch of unpaid invoices. This determination was not made by the trial judge. The trial judge has yet to determine the legitimacy or merits of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims. The previous trial date
 May 18
 2020
 has been continued. Trial is currently set for February 8
Don Lee Farms is seeking from us and ProPortion unspecified compensatory and punitive damages
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of our use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. We are seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages
 restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. ProPortion is seeking indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment from us of any or all damages that ProPortion may be found liable to Don Lee Farms
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. We believe we were justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 that we did not misappropriate their alleged trade secrets
 that we are not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the proposed second amended complaint
 that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in our cross-complaint
 and that we are not liable to ProPortion for any indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment
We intend to vigorously defend ourselves and our current and former employees against the claims and prosecute our own. However
 we cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or ProPortion will not prevail in all or some of their claims against us or the individual defendants
 or that we will prevail in some or all of our claims against Don Lee Farms. For example
 if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit
 we could be required to pay damages
 including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what we would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce our products through 2019
 the end of the contract term
 and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of our products or in the products themselves
 and thus claim a stake in the value we have derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after we terminated our supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. As another example
On January 30
 2020
 Larry Tran
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to our public disclosures regarding our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2
 2019 to January 27
On March 16
 2020
 Eric Weiner
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors
 including one former director
 who signed our initial public offering registration statement.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 16
 2020
 and the securities case brought against us. Based on the early stage of this matter
 we are unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On March 18
 2020
 Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein
 purported shareholders of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors who signed our initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 18
 2020
 and the securities case brought against us. Based on the early stage of this matter
 we are unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
Also on March 18
 2020
 Nazrin Massaro filed a putative class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against Beyond Meat and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
that PETA sent unsolicited text message advertisements promoting our products to the putative class members in violation of consumers&#8217; privacy rights. The lawsuit further alleges that PETA sent the text messages at the direction
 and/or under the control
Even when not merited
 the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management&#8217;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain
 and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages
 penalties or injunctive relief against us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation
 even if fully indemnified or insured
Furthermore
 while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities
 such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to self-insured retentions
 various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance
 insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons
 which may affect the timing and
 if the insurers prevail
Legal claims
We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently
 we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims
 government investigations or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 there can be no assurance that our employees
 temporary workers
 contractors or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims
 government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition and operating results. In addition
Failure by our transportation providers to deliver our products on time
 or at all
We currently rely upon third-party transportation providers for a significant portion of our product shipments. Our utilization of delivery services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 employee strikes
 disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19 pandemic) and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs
 if at all. We periodically change shipping companies
 and we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries. In addition
 we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover
 we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of certain members of our senior management
 including Ethan Brown
 our President and Chief Executive Officer. These executives have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand
 culture and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
investors and analysts
If we are unable to attract
 train and retain employees
Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract
 train and retain a sufficient number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and can represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. We believe a critical component of our success has been our company culture and long-standing core values. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations
 or if we fail to preserve our company culture among a larger number of employees dispersed in various geographic regions as we continue to grow and develop the infrastructure associated with being a more mature public company
  our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business
We contract with a professional employer organization
 or U.S. PEO
 that administers our human resources
 payroll and employee benefits functions for our employees in the United States. We also contract with non-U.S. PEOs to perform the same functions as the U.S. PEO for employees outside the United States. Although we recruit and select our workers
 each of our workers is also an employee of record of the relevant PEO. As a result
 our workers are compensated through the relevant PEO
 are governed by the work policies created by the relevant PEO and receive their annual wage statements and other payroll or labor related reports from the relevant PEO (e.g.
 W-2s from the US PEO for employees in the United States
 T-4s for employees in Canada). This relationship permits management to focus on operations and profitability rather than payroll administration
 but this relationship also exposes us to some risks. Among other risks
 if the U.S. PEO fails to adequately withhold or pay employer taxes or to comply with other laws
 such as the Fair Labor Standards Act
 the Family and Medical Leave Act
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or state and federal anti-discrimination laws
 each of which is outside of our control
 we would be liable for such violations
 and indemnification provisions with the U.S. PEO
 if applicable
 may not be sufficient to insulate us from those liabilities. If any of the non-U.S. PEOs fail to adequately withhold or pay employer taxes or to comply with applicable laws
 we may be held liable for such violations notwithstanding any indemnification provisions with the non-U.S. PEOs.&#160; In certain non-U.S. jurisdictions
 the worker may be deemed a direct employee and the potential liability for any non-compliance with applicable laws increases depending on whether a company has an entity or other corporate presence in the country
Court and administrative proceedings related to matters of employment tax
 labor law and other laws applicable to PEO arrangements could distract management from our business and cause us to incur significant expense. If we were held liable for violations by PEOs
We rely on information technology systems and any inadequacy
 failure
We are dependent on various information technology systems
 including
 but not limited to
 networks
 applications and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and loss of sales
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
A cybersecurity incident
could negatively impact our business
We use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices
 social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees
 suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. Such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks
 including security breaches
 espionage
 system disruption
 theft and inadvertent release of information. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property
 including customers&#8217; and suppliers&#8217; information
 private information about employees and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. Further
 as we pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure
 potentially including acquisitions
 we may also be expand and improve our information technologies
 resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives or acquisitions
 we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally
 while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents
 our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft
 destruction
 loss
 misappropriation
 or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property
 or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely
 could result in business disruption
 negative publicity
 brand damage
 violation of privacy laws
 loss of customers
 potential liability and competitive disadvantage all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
In addition
 we are subject to laws
 rules and regulations in the United States
 the European Union and other jurisdictions relating to the collection
 use and security of personal information and data.  Such data privacy laws
 with the laws
 regulations and other obligations that apply to us.  Additionally
 the privacy- and data protection-related laws
 rules and regulations applicable to us are subject to significant change.  Several jurisdictions have passed new laws and regulations in this area
 and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions.  For example
 our operations are subject to the European Union&#8217;s General Data Protection Regulation
 which imposes data privacy and security requirements on companies doing business in the European Union
 including substantial penalties for non-compliance.  The California Consumer Privacy Act (the &#8220;CCPA&#8221;)
 which went into effect on January 1
 2020
 imposes similar requirements on companies handling data of California residents and creates a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for (i) violations of the CCPA and (ii) businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches.  Privacy- and data protection-related laws and regulations also may be interpreted and enforced inconsistently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  Any actual or perceived inability to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws
 regulations
 or other obligations could result in significant cost and liability
 litigation or governmental investigations
 damage our reputation
Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business
The global economy can be negatively impacted by a variety of factors such as the spread or fear of spread of contagious diseases (such as the recent coronavirus (COVID 19) pandemic) in locations where our products are sold
 man-made or natural disasters
 actual or threatened war
 terrorist activity
 political unrest
 civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty. Such adverse and uncertain economic conditions may impact distributor
 retailer
 foodservice and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
 restaurant and foodservice customers and consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns as a result of various factors
 including job losses
 inflation
 higher taxes
 reduced access to credit
 change in federal economic policy and recent international trade disputes. In particular
 consumers may reduce the amount of plant-based food products that they purchase where there are conventional animal-based protein offerings
 which generally have lower retail prices. In addition
they are generally less expensive. A decrease in consumer discretionary spending may also result in consumers reducing the frequency and amount spent on food prepared away from home. Distributors
 retailers and foodservice customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors
 retailer and foodservice customers
 our ability to attract new consumers
In the future
 we may pursue acquisitions or investments that we believe will help us achieve our strategic objectives. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates
 and even if we do
 we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms
 if at all. If we do complete acquisitions
 we may not ultimately achieve our goals or realize the anticipated benefits. The pursuit of acquisitions and any integration process will require significant time and resources and could divert management time and focus from operation of our then-existing business
 and we may not be able to manage the process successfully.  Any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by our customers or consumers. An acquisition
 investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures
 including disrupting our ongoing operations and subjecting us to additional liabilities
 increasing our expenses
 and adversely impacting our business
 financial condition and operating results. Moreover
 we may be exposed to unknown liabilities related to the acquired company or product
 and the anticipated benefits of any acquisition
 investment or business relationship may not be realized if
 for example
 we fail to successfully integrate such acquisition into our company. To pay for any such acquisitions
 we would have to use cash
 incur debt
 or issue equity securities
 each of which may affect our financial condition or the value of our common stock and could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt it would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations.  Our acquisition strategy could require significant management attention
 disrupt our business and harm our business
A major earthquake
 tsunami
Our corporate offices and research and development functions are located in El Segundo
 California
 and our industrial manufacturing facilities are located in Columbia
 Missouri. The impact of a major earthquake or tsunami
 or both
 or other natural disasters in the Los Angeles area
 or a tornado or other natural disaster in the Columbia area
 on our facilities and overall operations is difficult to predict
 but such a natural disaster could seriously disrupt our entire business. Our insurance may not adequately cover our losses and expenses in the event of such a natural disaster. As a result
 natural disasters
 such as a major earthquake
 tsunami or tornado in the Los Angeles or Columbia areas or in areas where our co-manufacturers are located
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. If such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as yellow peas
 mung beans
 sunflowers
 rice
 fava bean
 canola oil and coconut oil. Due to climate change
 we may also be subjected to decreased availability of water
 deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water
The United Kingdom&#8217;s withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions
Following a national referendum and enactment of legislation by the government of the United Kingdom
 the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European Union on January 31
 2020 and entered into a transition period during which it will continue its ongoing and complex negotiations with the European Union relating to the future trading relationship between the parties. Significant political and economic uncertainty remains about whether the terms of the relationship will differ materially from the terms before withdrawal
These developments
 or the perception that any of them could occur
 have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets
 and may significantly reduce global market liquidity
 restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. In addition
 as we expand our operations internationally as part of our growth strategy
 we may be further impacted by these developments
 including uncertainty surrounding which set of laws and regulations will apply. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business
other foreign
 federal
 regulation
Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 and other foreign
 federal
 state and local authorities. Specifically
 for products manufactured or sold in the United States&#160;we are subject to the requirements of the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 labeling and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA requires that facilities that manufacture food products comply with a range of requirements
 including hazard analysis and preventive controls regulations
 current good manufacturing practices
 or cGMPs
 and supplier verification requirements. Our processing facilities
 including those of our co-manufacturers
 are subject to periodic inspection by foreign
 federal
 state and local authorities. We do not control the manufacturing processes of
 and rely upon
 our co-manufacturers for compliance with cGMPs for the manufacturing of our products by our co-manufacturers. If we or our co-manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture products that conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other regulators
 we or they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions
 which could materially impact our ability to market our products
 could result in our co-manufacturers&#8217; inability to continue manufacturing for us
 or could result in a recall of our product that has already been distributed. In addition
 we rely upon our co-manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control
 quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable state
 local or foreign regulatory authority determines that we or these co-manufacturers have not complied with the applicable regulatory requirements
We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal experience and expert personnel to ensure quality-assurance compliance (i.e.
 assuring that our products are not adulterated or misbranded) and contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analyses of products to ensure compliance with nutrition labeling requirements and to identify any potential contaminants before distribution. Failure by us or our co-manufacturers to comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits
 licenses or registrations relating to our or our co-manufacturers&#8217; operations could subject us to civil remedies or penalties
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 warning letters
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of products
 or refusals to permit the import or export of products
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
We are subject to extensive regulations internationally where we manufacture
 distribute and/or sell our products. Our products are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations relating to the sourcing
 manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 storing
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of these products. For example
 in early 2018
 we received an inquiry from Canadian officials about the labeling and composition of products that we export to Canada. We responded promptly to that inquiry
 identifying minor formulation changes that we made under Canadian regulations. If regulators determine that the labeling and/or composition of any of our products is not in compliance with Canadian law or regulations
 or if we or our co-manufacturers otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations in Canada or other jurisdictions
 we could be subject to civil remedies or penalties
 such as fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 warning letters
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the products
 or refusals to permit the import or export of products
 as well as potential criminal sanctions. In addition
 enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal requirements and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations
 financial or otherwise
 that could adversely affect our business
 financial condition or operating results. In addition
 with our expanding international operations
 we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 or FCPA
 and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws
 which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws
 our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees
 contractors or agents. Violations of these laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Changes in existing laws or regulations
 or the adoption of new laws or regulations may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business
The manufacture and marketing of food products is highly regulated. We
 our suppliers and co-manufacturers are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business
 including the manufacture
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 advertising
 sale
 quality and safety of our products
In the United States
 we are subject to regulation by various government agencies
 including the FDA
 FTC
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency
 as well as&#160;the requirements of&#160;various state and local agencies
 including
 in California
 the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (&#8220;Proposition 65&#8221;). We are also regulated outside the United States by various international regulatory bodies. In addition
 we are subject to certain third-party private standards
 such as Global Food Safety Initiative
 or GFSI
 standards and review by voluntary organizations
 such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus&#8217; National Advertising Division. We could incur costs
 including fines
 penalties and third-party claims
 because of any violations of
 or liabilities under
 such requirements
 including any competitor or consumer challenges relating to compliance with such requirements. For example
 in connection with the marketing and advertisement of our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising
 including under the auspices of the FTC and the consumer protection statutes of some states. In connection with the composition of our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to perceived health risks
The regulatory environment in which we operate could change significantly and adversely in the future. Any change in manufacturing
 labeling or packaging requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in production
 either of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. New or revised government laws and regulations could result in additional compliance costs and
 in the event of non-compliance
 civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which may adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In particular
 recent federal
Any changes in
 or changes in the interpretation of
 applicable laws
 regulations or policies of the FDA or U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA
 state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities that relate to the use of the word &#8220;meat&#8221; or other similar words in connection with plant-based protein products could adversely affect our business
 prospects
The FDA and the USDA
 state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities
 such as Health Canada or the CFIA
 or authorities of the EU or the EU member states
 could take action to impact our ability to use the term &#8220;meat&#8221; or similar words (such as &#8220;beef&#8221;) to describe our products. In addition
 a food may be deemed misbranded if its labeling is false or misleading in any particular way
 and the FDA
 CFIA
For example
 in 2018
 the state of Missouri passed a law prohibiting any person engaged in advertising
 offering for sale
 or sale of food products from misrepresenting a product as meat that is not derived from harvested production livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which include prominent disclosure that the product is &#8220;made from plants
&#8221; or comparable disclosure such as through the use of the phrase &#8220;plant-based
&#8221; are not misrepresented under the Missouri law. Additional states
 including Mississippi
 have subsequently passed similar laws
 and legislation
 that would impose additional requirements on plant-based meat products is currently pending in a number of states. More recently
 in late 2019
 bills were introduced in both the House and the Senate of the U.S. Congress (titled the Real MEAT Act) that would require the word &#8220;imitation&#8221; to appear as part of the name of plant-based meat products
 and that would give USDA certain oversight over the labeling of plant-based meat products. If these bills gain traction and ultimately become law
 it could require us to identify our products as &#8220;imitation&#8221; in our product labels. Further
 the USDA has received a petition from the cattle industry requesting that USDA exclude products not derived from the tissue or flesh of animals that have been harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;meat
&#8221; and exclude products not derived from cattle born
 raised and harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;beef.&#8221; The USDA has not yet responded substantively to this petition but has indicated that the petition is being considered as a petition for a policy change under the USDA&#8217;s regulations. We do not believe that USDA has the statutory authority to regulate plant-based products under the current legislative framework. Canadian Food and Drug Regulations also provide requirements for &#8220;simulated meat&#8221; products
 including requirements around composition and naming. In Europe
 the Agriculture Committee of the European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of &#8220;meat&#8221; and meat-related terms and names for products that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals. At country level
 however
 e.g.
 in the UK
 this proposal was challenged by the House of Lords stating that there is no evidence that consumers are being misled. If adopted
 this bill could require a change to our labeling and advertising in Europe. Should regulatory authorities take action with respect to the use of the term &#8220;meat&#8221; or similar terms
 such that we are unable to use those terms with respect to our plant-based products
 we could be subject to enforcement action or recall of our products marketed with these terms
 we may be required to modify our marketing strategy
 or require us to identify our products as &#8220;imitation&#8221; in our product labels
 and our business
 prospects
Failure by our suppliers of raw materials or co-manufacturers to comply with food safety
 environmental or other laws and regulations
 or with the specifications and requirements of our products
If our suppliers or co-manufacturers fail to comply with food safety
 environmental or other laws and regulations
 or face allegations of non-compliance
 their operations may be disrupted. Additionally
 our co-manufacturers are required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with our product specifications and our suppliers must supply ingredients that meet our internal quality standards. In the event of actual or alleged non-compliance
 we might be forced to find an alternative supplier or co-manufacturer and we may be subject to lawsuits related to such non-compliance by our suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result
 our supply of raw materials or finished inventory could be disrupted or our costs could increase
 which would adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. The failure of any co-manufacturer to produce products that conform to our standards could adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls
 product liability claims and economic loss. For example
also process products with textured vegetable protein
 a GMO product
 or animal protein and while we require them to process our products in separate designated quarters in their facilities
 cross-contamination may occur and result in genetically modified organisms or animal protein in our supply chain. Additionally
 actions we may take to mitigate the impact of any disruption or potential disruption in our supply of raw materials or finished inventory
 including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential supply or production interruption
 may adversely affect our business
We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology adequately
Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We rely on a combination of patent protection
 where appropriate and available
 copyrights
 trade secrets and trademark laws
 as well as confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. However
 these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our proprietary technology or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. As of December 31
 2019
 we had one issued U.S. patent and 18 pending patent applications
We cannot offer any assurances about which
 if any
 patents will issue from these applications
 the breadth of any such patents
 or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or
 if applicable in the future
 licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of products that we may develop. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing (in most cases 18 months after the filing of the priority application)
 we cannot be certain that we were the first to file on the technologies covered in several of the patent applications related to our technologies or products. Furthermore
 a derivation proceeding can be provoked by a third party
 or instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 or USPTO
Patent law can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important principles remain unresolved. In the United States and in many international jurisdictions
 policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in patents can be inconsistent and/or unclear. The U.S. Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have made
 and will likely continue to make
 changes in how the patent laws of the United States are interpreted. Similarly
 international courts and governments have made
 and will continue to make
Moreover
 in the United States
 the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act
 or the Leahy-Smith Act
 enacted in September&#160;2011
 brought significant changes to the U.S. patent system
 including a change from a &#8220;first to invent&#8221; system to a &#8220;first to file&#8221; system. Other changes in the Leahy-Smith Act affect the way patent applications are prosecuted
 redefine prior art and may affect patent litigation. The USPTO developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act
 and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act became effective on March&#160;16
 2013. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents
We may not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our business. Our trademarks
 including Beyond Meat
 Beyond Burger
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 Beyond Chicken
 Beyond Fried Chicken
 Beyond Meatball
 the Caped Steer Logo
 GO BEYOND
 Eat What You Love
 The Cookout Classic
 The Future of Protein
Protein Beyond Meat
 are valuable assets that reinforce our brand and consumers&#8217; favorable perception of our products. We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations and other trade secrets and copyright protection to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our continued success depends
 to a significant degree
 upon our ability to protect and preserve our intellectual property
 including our trademarks
 trade dress
 trade secrets and copyrights. We rely on confidentiality agreements and trademark
Our confidentiality agreements with our employees and certain of our consultants
 contract employees
 suppliers and independent contractors
 including some of our co-manufacturers who use our formulations to manufacture our products
 generally require that all information made known to them be kept strictly confidential. Nevertheless
 trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we attempt to protect our trade secrets
 our confidentiality agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such information. In addition
 others may independently discover our trade secrets
 in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights against such parties. Further
 some of our formulations have been developed by or with our suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result
 we may not be able to prevent others from using similar formulations. As we begin to expand globally as part of our growth strategy
 we may face additional risks protecting our trade secrets internationally
We cannot assure you that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights are adequate
 that our intellectual property rights can be successfully defended and asserted in the future or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate any such rights. In addition
 our trademark rights and related registrations may be challenged in the future and could be canceled or narrowed. Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks
 which may in turn cause consumer confusion or negatively affect consumers&#8217; perception of our brand and products. In addition
 if we do not keep our trade secrets confidential
 others may produce products with our recipes or formulations. Moreover
 intellectual property disputes and proceedings and infringement claims may result in a significant distraction for management and significant expense
certainty of success
 and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities
 force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other intellectual property or force us to enter into licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our business
Additionally
 the laws of certain international jurisdictions in which our products may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As a result
 we may not be able to effectively prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise misappropriating our trademark rights in such jurisdictions. Moreover
 failure to obtain adequate trademark rights in these foreign jurisdictions could negatively impact our ability to expand our business and launch products in certain international markets. Further
 we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized third parties that obtain the rights to our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions where we have not yet applied for trademark protections
 and we may expend substantial cost to obtain those trademarks from such third parties. Any one of these occurrences could reduce our competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business
If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls
 our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired
Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. We are in the process of upgrading our information technology systems and implementing additional financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures in order to keep up with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act. Additionally
As a public company
 we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Though we are required to disclose changes made to our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis
 we are not required to make our first annual assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2020. As an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the &#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;)
 our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the later of the date we are no longer an emerging growth company and the date we are deemed to be an &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; or a &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221; as defined in the Exchange Act. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation
 testing and possible remediation. We expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section&#160;404. We cannot be certain that the actions we will be taking to improve our internal controls over financial reporting will be sufficient
Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting once that firm begin its Section 404 reviews
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
 the market price of our common stock could decline
 and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by NASDAQ
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly
 because of the inherent limitations in our control system
We are an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; (&#8220;EGC&#8221;) as defined in the JOBS Act. As an EGC
 the JOBS Act
 allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We expect to lose our EGC status upon the filing of the Form 10-K for the year ending December 31
 2020
Exchange Act. Therefore
For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company
 we intend to take advantage of certain other exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
may strain our resources
As a public company
 we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act which requires
 among other things
 that we file with the SEC annual
 quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 as well as related rules adopted by the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 impose significant requirements on public companies
 including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further
 under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 or the Dodd-Frank Act
 the SEC adopted rules and regulations related to corporate governance and executive compensation
 such as &#8220;say on pay&#8221; and proxy access. Emerging growth companies are permitted to implement many of these requirements over a longer period and up to five years following the completion of its initial public offering. We intend to take advantage of this legislation for as long as we are permitted to do so. In preparation for and upon implementation of these requirements
 we will incur additional compliance-related expenses. Additionally
 the SEC and other regulators have continued to adopt new rules and regulations and make additional changes to existing regulations that require our compliance. Stockholder activism
 the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations
 which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact
 in ways we cannot currently anticipate
 the manner in which we operate our business. We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns
 they could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. Furthermore
 these rules and regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability insurance
 and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage and higher self-insured retention amounts
 or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors
Our share price has been and may continue to be highly volatile
The market price of our common stock following our IPO has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors discussed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section
general economic
 market and political conditions
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results
announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
issuance of new or updated research or reports about us or our industry
disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights
 including patents
other events or factors
Furthermore
 the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations
 as well as general economic
 political and market conditions such as recessions
 interest rate changes
 tariffs
 international currency fluctuations
 or the effects of disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic)
 may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past
 companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. For example
We are also currently subject to multiple shareholder derivative lawsuits related
 in part
Securities litigation
and any other type of litigation
against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales
 or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares
 could reduce the market price of our common stock. Moreover
 certain holders of our common stock have rights
 subject to certain conditions
 to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We also have registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans following the IPO or that are issuable upon exercise of outstanding options following the IPO. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and once vested
 subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. If any of these additional shares are sold
 or if it is perceived that they will be sold
 in the public market
If securities or industry analysts issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our business or publish unfavorable research about our business
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover
 if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us
 our business model or our stock performance
 or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of the investor community
We have never paid dividends on our capital stock and we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. Consequently
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Accordingly
 investors should rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation
 which may never occur
providing for a classified board of directors with staggered
providing that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office
prohibiting the adoption
These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors
 which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition
 the provisions of Section&#160;203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law
 or the DGCL
 govern us. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders
 in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock
These and other provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts
Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders
 which could limit our stockholders&#8217; ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
 or other wrongdoing by
 any of our directors
 officers
any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL
 our restated certificate of incorporation
any action to interpret
 apply
provided
 that with respect to any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder
 the exclusive forum will be the federal district courts of the United States of America. Our restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933
These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder&#8217;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
 or other employees
 which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors
As of December 31
 2019
 we had accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $209.5 million and $143.8 million
 respectively. Approximately $117.7 million of the federal net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal and state tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031 and 2032
 respectively
The limitations apply if a corporation undergoes an &#8220;ownership change
&#8221; which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period. If we have experienced an ownership change at any time since our incorporation
 we may already be subject to limitations on our ability to utilize our existing net operating losses and other tax attributes to offset taxable income. In addition
 future changes in our stock ownership
 which may be outside of our control
 may trigger an ownership change and
 consequently
 Section 382 and 383 limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result
 if we earn net taxable income
 our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset such taxable income may be subject to limitations
 which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to us. We are currently analyzing whether and to what extent we have experienced an ownership change pursuant to Section 382; and to the extent such change occurred
We do not own any real property. In addition to our headquarters
 we lease approximately 30
000 square feet for our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in El Segundo
 California under a 5-year lease expiring January 31
 2022
 subject to an option to extend for an additional 24 months. We also lease approximately 26
000 square feet for our industrial manufacturing plant in Columbia
 Missouri under a lease we recently amended to extend the term to June 30
 2022. We also lease approximately 64
000 square feet for our manufacturing facility in Columbia
 Missouri under a lease expiring July 31
We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business.&#160; The Company establishes an accrued liability for legal matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. Although the outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 the final results of any current or future proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty
 and until there is final resolution on any such matter that we may be required to accrue for
 we may be exposed to loss in excess of the amount accrued. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs
 diversion of management resources
On May&#160;25
 2017
 Don Lee Farms
 a division of Goodman Food Products
 Inc.
 filed a complaint against us in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles asserting claims for breach of contract
 misappropriation of trade secrets
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code
 money owed and due
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 each arising out of our decision to terminate an exclusive supply agreement between us and Don Lee Farms. We deny all of these claims and filed counterclaims on July&#160;27
 2017
 alleging breach of contract
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code and conversion. In October 2018
 Don Lee Farms filed an amended complaint that added ProPortion Foods
 LLC (one of Beyond Meat&#8217;s current contract manufacturers) as a defendant
 principally for claims arising from ProPortion&#8217;s alleged use of Don Lee Farms&#8217; alleged trade secrets
 and for replacing Don Lee Farms as Beyond Meat&#8217;s co-manufacturer.&#160;ProPortion filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity
 contribution
 and repayment. On March 11
 2019
&#160;Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against us. On May 30
 2019
 the&#160;judge denied our motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed.&#160;On June 19
 2019
 the Company filed an answer denying Don Lee Farms' claims.&#160; On January 27
 2020
 Don Lee Farms filed a third amended complaint to add three individual defendants
 all of whom are current or former employees of ours
 including Mark Nelson
 our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 to Don Lee Farms&#8217; existing fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraud and negligent misrepresentation.&#160; The individual defendants deny all allegations of fraud and negligent misrepresentation.&#160; On January 24
 2020
 a writ judge granted Don Lee Farms a right to attach in the amount of $628
689 on the grounds that Don Lee Farms had established a &#8220;probable validity&#8221; of its claim that we owe it money for a small batch of unpaid invoices.&#160; This determination was not made by the trial judge.&#160; The trial judge has yet to determine the legitimacy or merits of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims.&#160; The previous trial date
 May 18
 2020
 has been continued.&#160; Trial is currently set for February 8
Don Lee Farms is seeking from Beyond Meat and ProPortion unspecified compensatory and punitive damages
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of Beyond Meat&#8217;s use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. We are seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages
 restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms
fees and costs. ProPortion is seeking indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment from us of any or all damages that ProPortion may be found liable to Don Lee Farms
We believe we were justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 that we did not misappropriate their alleged trade secrets
 that we are not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the proposed second amended complaint
 that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in our cross-complaint
 and that we are not liable to ProPortion for any indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment
and costs. We are currently in the process of litigating this matter and intend to vigorously defend&#160;ourselves and our current and former employees against&#160;the claims. We cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or ProPortion will not prevail in all or some of their claims against us&#160;or the individual defendants
 or that&#160;we will prevail in some or all of our claims against Don Lee Farms. For example
 if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit
 we could be required to pay damages
 including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what we would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce our products through 2019
 the end of the contract term
 and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of our products or in the products themselves
 and thus claim a stake in the value we have derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after we terminated our supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. Based on our current knowledge
On January 30
 2020
 Larry Tran
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to our public disclosures regarding our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2
 2019 to January 27
On March 16
 2020
 Eric Weiner
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors
 including one former director
 who signed our initial public offering registration statement.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 16
 2020
 and the securities case brought against us.&#160;Based on the early stage of this matter
 we are unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On March 18
 2020
 Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein
 purported shareholders of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors who signed our initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 18
 2020
 and the securities case brought against us. Based on the early stage of this matter
 we are unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
Also on March 18
 2020
 Nazrin Massaro filed a putative class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against Beyond Meat and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
 Inc. (&#8220;PETA&#8221;). The lawsuit asserts claims under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and alleges that PETA sent unsolicited text message advertisements promoting our products to the putative class members in violation of consumers&#8217; privacy rights. The lawsuit further alleges that PETA sent the text messages at the direction
 and/or under the control
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;BYND&#8221; on May 2
 2019. Prior to that date
March&#160;18
 2020
The Company has not declared or paid any dividends
The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed &#8220;soliciting material&#8221; or to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the SEC
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
 whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act
The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock from May 2
 2019
 the first day of trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 through December 31
 2019
 relative to the performance of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S&amp;P Food and Beverage Select Index
 a peer group that includes Beyond Meat. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100.00 at the close of trading on May 2
Copyright 2020 Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s
 a division of S&amp;P Global
On May 6
 2019
 we completed our IPO pursuant to a Registration Statement filed on Form S-1 (File No. 333-228453) and declared effective by the SEC on May 1
As previously reported
 of net proceeds from the IPO. The net proceeds were initially invested in short-term
 interest-bearing
 investment grade securities. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in the prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on May 3
 2019. We used $14.7 million of our net proceeds from the IPO  to invest in existing and additional manufacturing capacity
 $46.6 million to expand our research and development and our sales and marketing capabilities
The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&#8221;  &#8220;Risk Factors
(in thousands
Year Ended December 31
297
87
32
16
198
70
34
22
99
17
(2
(6
20
9
5
5
Selling
74
34
17
12
4
1
3
100
45
26
18
(27
(28
(24
(3
(1
(1
(12
(1
Other
3
Total other expense
(11
(1
(1
(12
(29
(30
(25
(12
(29
(30
(25
42
274
6
287
5
457
4
566
As of December 31
275
54
39
355
77
39
Property
 plant and equipment
47
30
14
451
133
66
30
30
4
1
199
148
384
(121
(95
913
 
 to the Notes to Financial Statements
 and Part I
 
 
(2)   Reflects remeasurement of warrant liability in connection with IPO in the year ended December 31
 2019. See 
Debt&#8212;Stock Warrant Liability

 
 to the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report
(4)   For the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 all common stock and per share amounts have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect the 3-for-2 reverse stock split of our common stock on January 2
 2019. See 
 
(5)   Reflects net proceeds received by the Company of approximately $252.4 million in connection with the IPO and approximately $37.4 million in connection with the Secondary Offering in the year ended December 31
 2019. See 
 Introduction&#8212;
 to the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
 
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those set forth in Part I
 Item 1A
 &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; and &#8220;Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#8221; included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report
Beyond Meat is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States
 offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build meat directly from plants
 an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste
 texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our plant-based meat products. Our brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; represents a strong belief that by eating our plant-based meats
 consumers can enjoy more
 not less
 of their favorite meals
 and by doing so help address concerns related to human health
 climate change
 resource conservation
 and animal welfare. The success of our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers
 including those who typically eat animal-based meats
We sell a range of plant-based products across the three main meat platforms of beef
 pork and poultry. They are offered in ready-to-cook formats (generally merchandised at retail in the meat case)
 which we refer to as our &#8220;fresh&#8221; platform
 and ready-to-heat formats (merchandised at retail in the freezer)
 which we refer to as our &#8220;frozen&#8221; platform. As of December 31
 2019
 our products were available in approximately 77
000&#160;retail and restaurant and foodservice outlets in more than 65 countries
 across mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club and convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 direct to consumer
 and various food-away-from-home channels
 including restaurants
On May 6
 2019
 we completed our IPO
 in which we sold 11
068
750 shares of our common stock. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 2
 2019. The shares were sold at a public offering price of $25.00 per share for net proceeds of approximately $252.4 million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $19.4&#160;million and issuance costs of approximately $4.9 million payable by us. Upon the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 41
562
111 shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis
 and warrants exercisable for convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into warrants exercisable for 160
On August 5
 2019
 we completed our Secondary Offering
250
000
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 
We continue to experience strong sales growth over prior periods. Net revenues increased to $297.9&#160;million in 2019 from $87.9 million in 2018 and $32.6 million in 2017
 representing a 202% compound annual growth rate. The Beyond Burger accounted for approximately 64%
 70% and 48% of our gross revenues in 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. We believe that sales of the Beyond Burger will continue to constitute a significant portion of our revenues
 income and cash flow for the foreseeable future. We have generated losses from inception. Net loss in 2019
 2018
 and 2017 was $12.4 million
 $29.9 million
 and $30.4&#160;million
 respectively
We operate on a fiscal calendar year
 and each interim quarter is comprised of one 5-week period and two 4-week periods
December 31. As a result
We generate net revenues primarily from sales of our products to our customers across mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club and convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 direct to consumer
 and various food-away-from-home channels
 including restaurants
 foodservice outlets and schools
increased penetration across our restaurant and foodservice channel
 including increased desire by restaurant and foodservice establishments
 including large FSR and/or global QSR customers
 to add plant-based products to their menus and to highlight these offerings
 and our retail channel
 including mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club and convenience store
distribution expansion and increased velocity of our fresh product sales across our channels
increased international sales of our products across geographies
our continued innovation
 including enhancing existing products and introducing new products across our plant-based beef
 pork and poultry platforms that appeal to a broad range of consumers
enhanced marketing efforts as we continue to build our brand and drive consumer adoption of our products
 including scaling our GO BEYOND marketing campaign launched in February 2019
 which seeks to mobilize our ambassadors to help raise brand awareness
overall market trends
 including growing consumer awareness and demand for nutritious
In addition to the factors and trends above
expansion of our own internal production facilities domestically and abroad to produce our woven proteins
 blends of flavor systems and binding systems
 and potentially convert our woven proteins into packaged products
 while forming additional strategic relationships with co-manufacturers; and
 and by 99.2% in 2018 from 
 and by 424.0% in 2018 from $7.1 million in 2017. We expect further growth in both channels as we increase our production capacity in response to demand
 scale internationally
We distribute our products internationally
 countries worldwide as of December 31
 2019. In 2019
 we commenced co-manufacturing in Canada and also expanded our partnership with one of our distributors to co-manufacture our innovative plant-based meats at a new co-manufacturing facility built by our distributor in the Netherlands
 construction of which was completed in the first quarter of 2020. 
 and 1%
 respectively
 of our net revenues in 
 and 2017. Substantially all of our long-lived assets are in the United States. Net revenues from sales to the Canadian market are included with net revenues from sales to the United States market. As the Company accelerates international expansion initiatives
Over the next few years
 the main driver of growth in our net revenues is expected to be sales of our fresh products
 primarily the Beyond Burger
 in both our retail channel and our restaurant and foodservice channel
 including strategic and global customers both in the United States and Canada
As we seek to continue to rapidly grow our net revenues
 we face several challenges. In 2017
 continuing into 2018
 demand for our products exceeded our expectations and production capacity
 significantly constraining our net revenue growth relative to our total demand opportunity. While we have significantly expanded our production capacity to address production shortfall
We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions&#160;through various programs to customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on-shelf price reductions
 off-invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. We anticipate needing to offer more trade and promotion discounting
 primarily within the retail channel
In addition
 because we do not have any purchase commitments from our distributors or customers
 the amount of net revenues we recognize will vary from period to period depending on the volume and the channels through which our products are sold
We expect to face increasing competition across all channels
In December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) was reported in Wuhan
 China. The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to spread and has already caused severe global disruptions. The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of the pandemic
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. For example
 the impact of COVID-19 on any of our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors or transportation or logistics providers may negatively affect the price and availability of our ingredients and/or packaging materials and impact our supply chain. Additionally
 if we are forced to scale back hours of production or close our production facilities or our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in response to the pandemic
 we expect our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition
 our growth strategy to expand our operations internationally may be impeded. We may also be impacted by decreased customer and consumer demand as a result of event cancellations and social distancing
 government-imposed restrictions on public gatherings and businesses
 shelter-in place orders and temporary restaurant
 retail and grocery store closures. If the pandemic continues to evolve into a severe worldwide health crisis
 the disease could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
Gross profit (loss) consists of our net revenues less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold primarily consists of the cost of raw materials and ingredients for our products
 direct labor and certain supply costs
 co-manufacturing fees
 in-bound and internal shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing our products
 plant and equipment overhead
 depreciation and amortization expense
 as well as the cost of packaging our products. In order to keep pace with demand
 we have had to very quickly scale production and we have not always been able to meet all demand for our products. As a result
 we have had to quickly expand our sources of supply for our core protein inputs such as pea protein. Our growth has also significantly increased facility and warehouse utilization rates. We intend to continue to increase our production capabilities at our two in-house manufacturing facilities in Columbia
 Missouri
 while expanding our co-manufacturing capacity and exploring additional production facilities domestically and abroad. As a result
 we expect our cost of goods sold in absolute dollars to increase to support our growth. However
Over the next several years
 we continue to expect that gross profit improvements will be delivered primarily through improved volume leverage and throughput
 greater internalization and geographic localization of our manufacturing footprint
 materials and packaging input cost reductions
 tolling fee efficiencies
1
 and by 26.7 basis points in 2018 from (6.7)% in 2017. Gross margin benefited from an increase in the amount of products sold
 improved production efficiencies and from a greater proportion of revenues from products in our fresh platform which have a higher net selling price per pound. We are also working to improve gross margin through ingredient cost savings achieved through scale of purchasing and through expanding our co-manufacturing network and negotiating lower tolling fees. However
 in the near term
 margin improvements may be impacted by our focus on growing our customer base
 expanding into new geographies and markets
 enhancing our production infrastructure
 improving our innovation capabilities
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our research and development staff
 including salaries
 benefits
 bonuses
 and share-based compensation
 scale-up expenses
 and depreciation and amortization expense on research and development assets. Our research and development efforts are focused on enhancements to our product formulations and production processes in addition to the development of new products. We expect to continue to invest substantial amounts in research and development
 as evidenced in the build-out of our state-of-the-art Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in 2018. Research and development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy
 as we believe they represent a critical competitive advantage for us. We believe that we need to continue to rapidly innovate in order to be able to continue to capture a larger market share of consumers who typically eat animal-based meats. We expect these expenses to increase in absolute dollars
Selling
SG&amp;A expenses consist&#160;primarily of selling
 marketing and administrative expenses
 including personnel and related expenses
 share-based compensation
 outbound shipping and handling costs
 non-manufacturing rent expense
 depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing assets and other non-production operating expenses. Marketing and selling expenses include share-based compensation awards to brand ambassadors
 advertising costs
 costs associated with consumer promotions
 product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers
 retain existing customers and build our brand awareness. Administrative expenses include the expenses related to management
 accounting
 legal
 IT
Our selling and marketing expenses are expected to significantly increase
and marketing organizations domestically and abroad. We expect to continue to significantly expand our marketing efforts to achieve greater brand awareness
 accelerate our international expansion initiatives
 attract new customers
 drive consumer adoption of our products
 and increase market penetration
 including through the expansion of our GO BEYOND ambassador program
 as well as the creation of an advisory board of leading experts in health and medicine to ensure that we have access to the latest thinking on peer-reviewed research on health
We have historically had a very small sales force
 full-time sales employees as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. As we continue to grow
 including internationally
 we expect to expand our sales force to address additional opportunities
 which would substantially increase our selling expense. Our administrative expenses are expected to increase as a public company with increased personnel cost in accounting
 legal
In May 2017
 management approved a plan to terminate an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co-manufacturers. For a discussion of these expenses
 see 
 
 to the Notes to Financial Statements
 and Part I
 
 
Generally
 we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. In each of 2019
 2018 and 2017
 we experienced strong net revenue growth compared to the previous year
 which masked this seasonal impact. As our business continues to grow
 we expect to see additional seasonality effects
 especially within our retail channel
Year Ended December 31
297
87
32
198
70
34
99
17
(2
20
9
5
Selling
74
34
17
4
1
3
100
45
26
(27
(28
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Year Ended December 31
 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
306
81
224
17
15
1
(26
(9
(16
297
87
209
Year Ended December 31
144
50
94
153
37
115
297
87
209
963
 or 
 in 
 as compared to the prior year primarily due to strong growth in sales volumes of products in our fresh platform across both our retail and our restaurant and foodservice channels
 driven by expansion in the number of retail and restaurant and foodservice outlets
 including new strategic customers
 new international customers
 higher sales velocities from our existing customers and contribution from new products introduced in 2019. Net revenues from international customers (excluding the Canadian market) are included in our retail and restaurant and foodservice channels and were approximately 
 as compared to approximately 
 or 
 as compared to the prior year primarily due to increases in sales of all of our fresh platform products. Gross revenues from sales of products in our frozen platform in 2019 increased primarily from sales of Beyond Beef Crumbles
 partially offset by the decline in sales of our frozen chicken strip product line which was discontinued in the first quarter of 2019. In 2019
 gross revenues from the Beyond Burger
 all Beyond Sausage flavors
 Beyond Beef and Beyond Beef Crumbles were approximately 64%
 23%
 8% and 5%
 respectively
 compared to approximately 70%
12%
 0% and 9%
 respectively
 in 2018. 
 or 
 primarily due to expansion in the number of retail outlets
 increased sales of the Beyond Burger and Beyond Sausage
 as well as the introduction of Beyond Beef. Net revenues from sales through our restaurant and foodservice channel in 
 or 
 primarily due to expansion in the number of restaurant and foodservice outlets
 including new strategic customers and international customers
 increases in sales of the Beyond Burger
Year Ended December 31
22
6
16
1
2
24
8
15
Year Ended December 31
25
5
19
1
1
27
6
20
Year Ended December 31
198
70
127
781
 or 
 as compared to the prior year
 primarily due to the increase in the sales volume of our products. Cost of goods sold in 2019 and 2018 included $6.4&#160;million and $0.8&#160;million
 respectively
Year Ended December 31
99
17
82
182
 of net revenues
 as compared to gross profit of 
 or 20% of net revenues
 in the prior year
. The improvement in gross profit and gross margin was primarily due to an increase in the volume of products sold
 with resulting operating leverage
 and improved production efficiencies. The greater proportion of product revenues from our fresh platform also contributed to the improvement in gross margin
 due to a higher net selling price per pound of products in our fresh versus frozen platform. The increase in gross margin was partially offset by temporary disruptions related to capacity expansion projects at two co-manufacturing partners&#8217; plants in the fourth quarter of 2019. As disclosed in 
 
 in the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report
 we include outbound shipping and handling costs within SG&amp;A expenses. As a result
Year Ended December 31
20
9
11
063
 or 
 in 
 as compared to the prior year. Research and development expenses increased primarily due to higher headcount
Year Ended December 31
Selling
74
34
40
265
 or 
 in 
 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to $12.4 million in higher salaries
 bonuses and related expenses due to higher headcount
 $10.4 million in higher share-based compensation expense
 including $3.2 million relating to equity awards made to brand ambassadors
 $4.8 million in higher outbound shipping and handling expenses
 $3.1&#160;million in higher broker and distributor commissions
 $2.4 million in higher legal expenses primarily due to the Secondary Offering and costs associated with being a public company
 $1.9 million in higher insurance costs
As a result of the termination in May 2017 of an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co- manufacturers due to non-performance under the agreement
 we recorded restructuring expenses of 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2019
 and $0
 respectively
 in accrued unpaid liabilities associated with this contract termination representing legal fees. We continue to incur legal fees in connection with our ongoing efforts to resolve this dispute. See 
Restructuring
 to the Notes to Financial Statements
 and Part I
 
Legal Proceedings
Total Other Expense
Total other expense
 net primarily includes interest expense on the Company&#8217;s debt balances and expense associated with the remeasurement of our preferred stock warrant liability and common stock warrant liability
 partially offset by interest income. On May 6
 2019
 in connection with the IPO
Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
Other
 in the prior year. This improvement was driven entirely by the year-over-year increase in gross profit
 partially offset by higher operating expenses to support our expanded manufacturing and supply chain operations
 higher share-based compensation expense
 higher administrative costs associated with being a public company
 higher restructuring expenses
 and continued investment in innovation and marketing capabilities.
$9
$1
000
the higher gross profit in 2019 and interest income
higher operating expenses
 higher share-based compensation expense
 expenses associated with the
Year Ended December 31
 2018 Compared to Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
81
18
63
15
19
(3
(9
(5
(4
87
32
55
Year Ended December 31
50
25
25
37
7
30
87
32
55
Net revenues increased by $55.4 million
 or 169.9%
 in 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily due to strong growth in sales volumes of products in our fresh platform across both our retail and our restaurant and foodservice channels
Gross revenues from sales of products in our fresh platform increased $63.6 million
 or 351.1%
 primarily due to increases in sales of the Beyond Burger and Beyond Sausage. Net revenues from retail sales increased $25.3 million
 or 99.2%
 primarily due to increase in sales of the Beyond Burger. Net revenues from sales through our restaurant and foodservice channel increased $30.1 million
 or 424.0%
 primarily due to increased sales of the Beyond Burger
 which was being served in approximately 11
000 restaurant and foodservice outlets at the end of 2018
Year Ended December 31
6
1
4
2
3
8
4
3
Year Ended December 31
5
5
6
1
5
Year Ended December 31
70
34
35
Cost of goods sold increased by $35.6 million
 or 102.3%
 in 2018 as compared to the prior year
 primarily due to the increase in the sales volume of our products and from a 103% increase in manufacturing-related headcount to handle increased demand for our products. Cost of goods sold in 2017 includes $2.4&#160;million in write-off of unrecoverable inventory related to the termination of an exclusive agreement with our co-manufacturer at the time. See 
Restructuring
 to the Notes to Financial Statements
 and Part I
 
Legal Proceedings
Year Ended December 31
17
(2
19
Gross profit in 2018 was $17.6 million compared to gross loss of $2.2 million in 2017
 an improvement of $19.8 million. The improvement in gross profit and gross margin was primarily due to an increase in the amount of products sold
 resulting in the ability to leverage our fixed costs across a greater amount of revenue. The greater proportion of product revenues from our fresh platform also contributed to the improvement in margin
 due to a higher net selling price per pound of products in our fresh versus frozen platform. As disclosed in 
 
 in the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report
 we include outbound shipping and handling costs within selling
 general and administrative expense. As a result
Year Ended December 31
9
5
3
Research and development expenses increased $3.9 million
 or 67.5%
Year Ended December 31
Selling
34
17
17
SG&amp;A expenses increased by $17.3 million
 or 101.0%
 in 2018 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to $6.8 million in higher salaries and related expenses due to a 224% increase in headcount
 $2.7 million in higher outbound freight expenses
 $1.9 million in higher supply chain expenses
 $1.8 million in higher consulting and professional fees
 $1.3 million in higher marketing services
 $0.9 million in higher travel expenses
As a result of the termination in May 2017 of an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co- manufacturers due to non-performance under the agreement
 we recorded restructuring expenses of $3.5&#160;million in 2017
 of which $2.3 million were related to the impairment write-off of long-lived assets
 comprised of certain unrecoverable equipment located at the co-manufacturer&#8217;s site and company-paid leasehold improvements to the co-manufacturer&#8217;s facility pursuant to the agreement
 and $1.2 million primarily related to legal and other expenses associated with the dispute. See 
Commitments and Contingencies&#8212;Litigation
to the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. In addition
 we recorded $2.4 million in write-off of unrecoverable inventory held at the co-manufacturer&#8217;s site
 which is included in cost of goods sold
 and $1.2 million primarily related to disputed fees for not meeting the agreed upon minimum production and expedited outbound freight expenses
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our statement of operations for 2017. In 2018
 we recorded $1.5 million in restructuring expenses related to this dispute
 which consisted primarily of legal and other expenses. See 
 
 to the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were no accrued unpaid liabilities associated with this contract termination
 although we continue to incur legal fees in connection with our ongoing efforts to resolve this dispute. See Part I
 
Legal Proceedings
For 2018 and 2017
 we recorded income tax expense of $1
000 and $5
000
&#8220;Adjusted EBITDA&#8221; is defined as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude
 when applicable
 income tax expense
 interest expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 restructuring expenses
 share-based compensation expense
 inventory losses from termination of an exclusive supply agreement with a co-manufacturer
 costs of termination of an exclusive supply agreement with the same co-manufacturer
impact of restructuring
 asset depreciation and amortization
 non-cash share-based compensation and non-operational charges including the impact to cost of goods sold and SG&amp;A expenses related to the termination of an exclusive co-manufacturing agreement
 early extinguishment of convertible notes and remeasurement of warrant liability. Because Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net revenues facilitate internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis
 we also use these measures for our business planning purposes. In addition
 we believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net revenues are widely used by investors
 securities analysts
There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA rather than net income (loss)
Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization expense and
 although these are non-cash expenses
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense
 or the cash required to service our debt
other companies
 including companies in our industry
 may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently
The following table presents the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most comparable GAAP measure
 net loss
Year Ended December 31
Net loss
(12
(29
(30
3
1
1
8
4
3
4
1
3
2
1
12
2
12
1
Other
(3
25
(19
(17
(1)  In connection with the termination of an exclusive supply agreement with a co-manufacturer in May 2017
 we recorded restructuring expenses related to the impairment write-off of long-lived assets
 primarily comprised of certain unrecoverable equipment located at the co-manufacturer&#8217;s site and company-paid leasehold improvements to the co-manufacturer&#8217;s facility
 and legal and other expenses associated with the dispute with the co-manufacturer. Amounts recorded in 2019 and 2018 primarily comprised of legal and other expenses associated with this dispute. See 
 
 to the Notes to Financial Statements
 and Part I
 
 
Consists of additional charges incurred as a result of termination of an exclusive supply agreement with a co-manufacturer and is recorded in selling
In 2017
Our primary cash needs are for operating expenses
to support the growth in our business. Prior to our IPO
 we financed our operations through private sales of equity securities and through sales of our products. Since our inception and through our IPO
 we raised a total of $199.5 million from the sale of convertible preferred stock
 including through sales of convertible notes which were converted into preferred stock
 net of costs associated with such financings. In connection with our IPO
 we sold an aggregate of 11
068
250
December&#160;31
 2019
 in cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents
 cash flow from operating activities and available borrowings under our credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our working capital and meet our anticipated capital requirements for the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors
develop or acquire to serve new or existing markets; the expenses associated with our marketing initiatives; our investment in manufacturing to expand our manufacturing and production capacity; the costs required to fund domestic and international growth; the scope
 progress
 results and costs of researching and developing future products or improvements to existing products or manufacturing processes; any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us
 including the costs associated with our current litigation with a former co-manufacturer and the securities case recently brought against us; the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; the costs associated with being a public company; the costs involved in preparing
 filing
 prosecuting
 maintaining
 defending and enforcing intellectual property claims
 including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and the timing
 receipt and amount of sales of
 or royalties on
 any future approved products
In June 2018
 we refinanced our then existing revolving credit facility and term loan facility under a loan and security agreement with SVB (the &#8220;Amended LSA&#8221;). The Amended LSA includes a $6.0 million revolving credit facility (the &#8220;2018 Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) and a term loan facility (the &#8220;2018 Term Loan Facility&#8221;) comprised of (i)&#160;a $10.0 million term loan advance at closing
 (ii)&#160;a conditional $5.0 million term loan advance
 if no event of default has occurred and is continuing through the borrowing date
 and (iii) an additional conditional term loan advance of $5.0 million if no event of default has occurred and is continuing based upon a minimum level of gross profit for the trailing 12-month period. The 2018 Term Loan Facility has a floating interest rate that is equal to 4.0% above the prime rate
 with interest payable monthly and principal amortizing commencing on July 1
 2020
The 2018 Term Loan Facility and the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility (collectively
 the &#8220;SVB Credit Facilities&#8221;) contain customary negative financial covenants that limit our ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 grant liens
 make investments
 repurchase stock
 pay dividends
 transfer assets and merge or consolidate. The SVB Credit Facilities also contain customary affirmative financial covenants
December&#160;31
The SVB Credit Facilities are secured by an interest in our assets including manufacturing equipment
 inventory
 contract rights or rights to payment of money
 leases
 license agreements
 general intangibles
In conjunction with the execution of the Amended LSA
60
$30
 to SVB in connection with the execution of the Amended LSA. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 we had $6.0 million and $20.0 million in borrowings on the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and 2018 Term Loan Facility
 respectively
 and had no availability to borrow under either of these loan facilities. In 
 we incurred 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 were 5.5% and 8.75%
In September 2018
 we entered into an Equipment Loan and Security Agreement with Structural Capital Investments II
 LP (&#8220;Structural Capital&#8221;) and Ocean II PLO
 LLC
 as administrative and collateral agent
Subject to Structural Capital&#8217;s approval
. The equipment loan facility matures on May 1
 2022
 after loan draw depending on us achieving certain financial milestones
 and therefore
 are paid over a period of 
 respectively. As of June 30
 2019
 we achieved all of the milestones and
 therefore
 monthly installment repayments of principal are expected to begin on December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 was 11.0% and 11.5%
 respectively. For 
 and 2017
 we recorded 
 and $0
 respectively
The following table presents the major components of net cash flows used in and provided by operating
Year Ended December 31
(46
(37
(25
(26
(23
(8
294
76
55
December&#160;31
 2019
 in net cash outflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities
 primarily due to increases in inventory to meet growth in anticipated sales and to accommodate longer lead times for international shipments and increases in accounts receivable
December&#160;31
 2019
 in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based compensation expense
 change in warrant liability
December&#160;31
 2018
 we incurred a net loss of 
 in net cash outflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities
 in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of depreciation and amortization expense
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 we incurr
 in net cash outflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities
 in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of depreciation and amortization expense
 share-based compensation expense
 convertible note-related expense and change in warrant liability. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 net loss included a non-cash restructuring loss of $2.3 million on the write-off of fixed assets related to our termination of an exclusive supply agreement with a co-manufacturer.
 
 in 
 and 2017
Net cash used in investing activities primarily relates to capital expenditures to support our growth and investment in property
December&#160;31
 2019
 in cash outflows for purchases of property
 plant and equipment
primarily for manufacturing facility improvements and manufacturing equipment
 in cash outflows related to property
 plant and equipment purchased for sale to co-manufacturers which we expect will be sold by the end of 2020
 and security deposits
December&#160;31
 2018
 in cash outflows for purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 primarily for manufacturing facility improvements and manufacturing equipment
 $1.0 million in cash outflows related to property
 plant and equipment purchased for sale to co-manufacturers
 and security deposits
For the year ended December&#160;31
2017
 and primarily consisted of cash outflows for the purchases of property
 plant and equipment
December&#160;31
 2019
 in net proceeds from our IPO
 net of issuance costs
 in net proceeds to us from the Secondary Offering
 net of issuance costs
 in proceeds from stock option exercises
$55
December&#160;31
 2018
 primarily as a result of $51.3 million in proceeds from the issuance of our Series G and Series H preferred stock
 net of issuance costs
 $20.0&#160;million&#160;in borrowings under our 2018 Term Loan Facility
&#160;in borrowings under our 2018 Revolving Credit Facility
&#160;in borrowings under an equipment loan facility
 in proceeds from stock option exercises
 partially offset by cash outflows for repayment of a note with the Missouri Department of Economic Development
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 million of proceeds from the issuance of our Series F and G preferred stock
 net of issuance costs
 $10.0&#160;million in proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes that were eventually converted into Series G preferred stock
$2.5&#160;million in revolving credit facility borrowings and $0.4 million in proceeds from stock option exercises
December&#160;31
 2019
Effective March 16
 2020
 we entered into an agreement to extend the lease for one of our facilities in Columbia
 Missouri
 for an additional term of two years ending in June 2022. The aggregate lease amount for the additional two-year term is $0.5 million
 which is not included in the table below. See 
 
The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31
13
1
3
3
5
6
6
22
7
15
7
6
44
22
21
94
38
46
3
5
Includes lease payments for our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center and corporate offices in El&#160;Segundo
 California
 and our manufacturing facilities in Columbia
Consists of commitments to purchase pea protein inventory. Excludes amounts under the multi-year sales agreement with Roquette Fr&#232;res entered into subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019. See 
 
In &#160;addition to the amounts shown in the table above
 as of December 31
 2019
We have one operating segment and one reportable segment
 as our CODM
 who is our Chief Executive Officer
In preparing our financial statements in accordance with GAAP
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenue
 costs and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities that are reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results
 our future financial statement presentation
 financial condition
We believe that the estimates
 assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements because they involve the most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Therefore
 we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Accordingly
Note 2

While our revenue recognition does not involve significant judgment
 it represents an important accounting policy.&#160;Our revenues are generated through sales of our products to distributors or customers. Revenue is recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control has transferred. The Company&#8217;s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order
 or the contract
December&#160;31
The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 off invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period
The 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2018 Plan&#8221;) provides for the grant of incentive stock options
 within the meaning of Section&#160;422 of the Code
 to our employees and the employees of our subsidiaries
 and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance units
 and performance shares to our employees
 directors
The administrator may grant incentive and/or&#160;non-statutory&#160;stock options under our 2018 Plan
 provided that incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. The exercise price of such options must generally be equal to at least the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The term of an option may not exceed 10 years
Restricted stock may be granted under our 2018 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of our common stock that are subject to various restrictions
 including restrictions on transferability and forfeiture provisions. Shares of restricted stock will vest and the restrictions on such shares will lapse
Restricted stock units may be granted under our 2018 Plan
 and may include the right to dividend equivalents
 as determined in the discretion of the administrator. Each restricted stock unit granted is a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of our common stock. Vesting criteria may include achievement of specified performance criteria and/or continued service
We account for all shared-based compensation awards using a fair-value method. Options are recorded at their estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We recognize the fair value of each award as an expense over the requisite service period
Determining the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires significant judgment. The determination of the grant date fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by our estimated common stock fair value as well as other highly subjective assumptions including
 the expected term of the awards
 our expected volatility over the expected term of the awards
 expected dividend yield
 As we do not have sufficient historical experience for determining the expected term of the stock option awards granted
 our expected term is based on the simplified method
 As the Company has only been a public entity since May 2
 2019
 there is not a substantive share price history to calculate volatility and
 as such
 we have elected to use an approximation based on the volatility of other comparable public companies
 which compete directly with the Company
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends and do not presently intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result
 We determine the average risk-free interest rate using the yield on actively traded U.S. Treasury notes with the same maturity as the expected term of the underlying options. If any assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model change significantly
The assumptions underlying these valuations represent management&#8217;s best estimates
 which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors or expected outcomes change and we use significantly different assumptions or estimates
We are an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; (&#8220;EGC&#8221;) as defined in the JOBS Act. As an EGC
 the JOBS Act
 allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We expect to lose our EGC status upon the filing of the Form 10-K for the year ending December 31
 2020
 when we expect to qualify as a Large Accelerated Filer based upon the current market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Therefore
 we have elected to use the adoption dates applicable to public companies beginning in the first quarter of 2020.  For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company
 we intend to take advantage of certain other exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily consist of interest rates
Our cash consists of amounts held by third-party financial institutions. In May 2019
 upon closing of our IPO
 and to the extent that borrowings were outstanding
We are exposed to risk related to the price and availability of our ingredients because our profitability is dependent on
 among other things
 our ability to anticipate and react to raw material and food costs. Currently
 the main ingredient in our products is pea protein
 which we source from Canada
rices of pea protein and other ingredients we use are subject to many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow yellow peas
 the vagaries of these farming businesses
 including poor harvests due to adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters and pestilence
 and changes in national and world economic conditions
 including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition
 we purchase some ingredients and other materials offshore
December&#160;31
 2019
 a hypothetical 10% increase or 10% decrease in the weighted-average cost of pea protein
 our primary ingredient
 would have resulted in an increase of approximately $2.8 million or a decrease of approximately $2.8 million
 respectively
 In the first quarter of 2020
 we entered into a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette for the supply of pea protein. See 
 
Our revenues and costs are denominated in U.S. dollars and are not subject to foreign exchange risk. However
 to the extent our sourcing strategy changes or we commence generating net revenues outside of the United States that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar
We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business
 results of operations
 or financial condition. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures
 we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Beyond Meat
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the related statements of operations
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2019
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Los Angeles
March 19
BEYOND MEAT
(In thousands
December 31
275
54
40
12
81
30
5
5
403
102
Property
 plant
 and equipment
47
30
Other non-current assets
451
133
Liabilities
26
17
1
1
4
2
3
2
11
1
47
25
6
Long-term portion of bank term loan
14
19
Equipment loan
4
5
20
30
December 31
Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 3
333
500 shares authorized
 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
2
Series B convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 4
802
260 shares authorized; no shares and 4
680
565 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
4
Series C convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 8
076
643 shares authorized; no shares and 8
076
636 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
14
Series D convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 8
713
207 shares authorized; no shares and 8
713
201 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
24
Series E convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 4
740
531 shares authorized; no shares and 4
701
449 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
17
Series F convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 4
866
776 shares authorized; no shares and 4
866
758 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
29
Series G convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 5
140
257 shares authorized; no shares and 5
114
786 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
55
Series H convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;no shares and 4
209
693 shares authorized; no shares and 2
075
216 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
49
Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000 shares authorized
Common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000
000 shares and 58
669
600 shares authorized at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively; 61
576
494 and 6
951
350 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018
526
7
142
129
384
121
Total liabilities
451
133
BEYOND MEAT
(In thousands
Year Ended December 31
297
87
32
198
70
34
99
17
2
20
9
5
Selling
74
34
17
4
1
3
100
45
26
27
28
Other expense
3
1
1
12
1
Other
3
Total other expense
11
1
1
12
29
30
12
29
30
42
274
6
287
5
457
BEYOND MEAT
(In thousands
Balance at December 31
34
355
93
5
278
3
69
66
30
30
446
Conversion of convertible notes upon issuance of Series G preferred stock (inclusive of $1
1
026
11
&#160;&#160;Issuance of Series F preferred stock
16
&#160;&#160;Issuance of Series G preferred stock
3
962
43
Balance at December 31
39
361
148
5
724
4
99
95
29
29
1
139
1
1
2
2
48
135
&#160;&#160;Issuance of Series G Preferred Stock
125
1
&#160;&#160;Issuance of Series H Preferred Stock
2
075
49
Balance at December&#160;31
41
562
199
6
951
7
129
121
12
12
&#160;&#160;Issuance of common stock pursuant to the IPO
11
068
252
252
41
562
199
41
562
199
199
214
14
14
&#160;&#160;Issuance of common stock pursuant to the Secondary Offering
250
37
37
1
529
2
2
11
11
Balance at December&#160;31
61
576
526
142
384
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
12
29
30
8
4
3
1
12
2
12
1
2
27
9
2
51
22
1
2
10
10
2
2
3
46
37
25
Purchases of property
23
22
7
Purchases of property
2
1
26
23
8
Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the initial public offering
254
Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the secondary public offering
37
Proceeds from Series H preferred stock offering
49
Proceeds from Series G preferred stock offering
1
43
Proceeds from Series F preferred stock offering
10
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
6
2
20
5
2
1
1
2
1
2
294
76
55
221
15
22
54
39
16
275
54
39
3
Capital lease obligations for the purchase of property
Non-cash additions to property
1
1
1
Offering costs
14
199
BEYOND MEAT
Beyond Meat
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States
 offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. The Company builds meat directly from plants
 an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste
 texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating the Company&#8217;s plant-based meat products. The Company&#8217;s brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; represents a strong belief that by eating the Company&#8217;s plant-based meats
 consumers can enjoy more
 not less
 of their favorite meals
and by doing so
 address concerns related to human health
 climate change
The Company&#8217;s primary production facilities are located in Columbia
 Missouri
 and research and development and administrative offices are located in El Segundo
 California. In addition to its own production facilities
 the Company uses co-manufacturers in various locations in the United States
 and
 in 2019
 the Company commenced co-manufacturing in Canada and also expanded its partnership with one of its distributors to co-manufacture the Company&#8217;s products at a new manufacturing facility built by this distributor in the Netherlands
The Company sells to a variety of customers in the retail and foodservice channels throughout the United States and internationally primarily through distributors who purchase
 store
 sell
 and deliver the Company&#8217;s products. In addition
On September 7
 2018
 the Company changed its name from Savage River
 Inc. to Beyond Meat
 Inc. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019
 on January 14
 2020
 the Company registered its new subsidiary
 Beyond Meat EU B.V.
On May 6
 2019
11
068
 shares. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 2
 2019. The shares were sold at a public offering price of 
 payable by the Company. Upon the closing of the IPO
41
562
-for-one basis
160
On August 5
 2019
250
3
487
500
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 
BEYOND MEAT
The Company operates on a fiscal calendar year
 and each interim quarter is comprised of one 5-week period and two 4-week periods
 with each week ending on a Saturday. The Company&#8217;s fiscal year always begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. As a result
 reportable segment
 as the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker
 who is the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant accounting estimates made by the Company include trade promotion accruals; useful lives of property
 plant and equipment; valuation of deferred tax assets; valuation of inventory; and the valuation of the fair value of common stock and preferred stock used to determine stock compensation expense and in the remeasurement of warrants and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
On January 2
 2019
 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock and convertible preferred stock
 including outstanding stock options and common and convertible preferred stock warrants. The reverse stock split did not result in an adjustment to par value. All references in the accompanying financial statements and related notes to the number of shares of common stock
 convertible preferred stock
The Company maintains cash balances at two financial institutions in the United States. The cash balances may
 at times
$250
Prior to 2018
BEYOND MEAT
receivable balances and recorded in allowance for doubtful accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated based on the Company&#8217;s history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts
 allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
Inventories are recorded at lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company accounts for inventory using the weighted average cost method. In addition to product cost
 inventory costs include expenditures such as direct labor and certain supply and overhead expenses including in-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in bringing the inventory to its existing condition and location. Inventories are comprised primarily of raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Weighted average cost method is used to absorb raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead into inventory. The Company reviews inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on historical demand
 and the age of the inventory
Property
Property
Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term. When assets are sold or retired
Long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 are reviewed by management for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. When events or circumstances indicate that impairment may be present
 management evaluates the probability that future undiscounted net cash flows received will be less than the carrying amount of the asset. If projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset

 plant and equipment in connection with the restructuring efforts disclosed in 
 the Company concluded that no long-lived assets were impaired during the fiscal years ended December&#160;31
 2019
Offering costs
 consisting primarily of legal
 accounting
 printing and filing services
 and other direct fees and costs related to the IPO
 were capitalized and offset against proceeds from the IPO.
December&#160;31
 2018
BEYOND MEAT
December&#160;31
The Company accounted for freestanding warrants outstanding to purchase shares of its common stock or
 prior to its IPO
 its convertible preferred stock or common stock
 as a liability
 as the underlying shares of convertible preferred stock and common stock were contingently redeemable and
 therefore
 could have obligated the Company to transfer assets at some point in the future. The warrants were recorded at fair value upon issuance and were subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date. Any change in fair value has been recognized in the statements of operations in Total other expense
Prior to the IPO
60
 per share
121
39
 per share. On May 6
 2019
 in connection with the IPO
160
 shares of common stock at the same respective exercise price per share. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes. The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Under this method
With respect to uncertain tax positions
 the Company recognizes in its financial statements those tax positions determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination
 based on the technical merits of the positions. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize
 when applicable
The fair value measurement accounting guidance creates a fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value into three categories. A financial instrument&#8217;s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input significant to the fair value measurement
BEYOND MEAT
The Company&#8217;s financial instruments include cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and accrued expenses
 for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms
 the carrying value of the line of credit
 term debt with its bank
December&#160;31
 2019
Prior to the IPO
 the stock warrant liability was measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs upon issuance and at each reporting date. Inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the warrant liability as of the valuation date included expected term of the warrants
 the risk-free interest rate
 volatility
December&#160;31
December 31
1
1
1
1
There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1
 Level 2 or Level 3 for 2019
For the Year Ended December 31
Generally
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
1
12
1
14
1
Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
The Company leases certain equipment used for research and development and operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. An asset and a corresponding liability for the capital lease obligations are established for the cost of a capital lease. Capital lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
The Company is subject to a range of claims
 lawsuits
 and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues a liability (which amount includes litigation costs expected to be incurred) and charges operations for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated
 in accordance with the recognition criteria of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification&#160;(&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 450
In May 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which
 along with subsequent ASUs
 amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;). This guidance is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled to receive when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 was effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2019. The majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with customers generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods. Based on the Company&#8217;s evaluation process and review of its contracts with customers
 the timing and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2014-09 is consistent with the Company&#8217;s revenue recognition policy under previous guidance. The Company has therefore concluded that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on its financial position
 results of operations
Revenue is recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control has transferred. The Company&#8217;s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order
 or the contract
BEYOND MEAT
December&#160;31
The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 off invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period
December&#160;31
 2019
Year Ended December 31
306
81
18
17
15
19
26
9
5
297
87
32
Year Ended December 31
144
50
25
153
37
7
297
87
32
581
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s gross revenues in 
 
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s gross revenues in 
 
 respectively
. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company&#8217;s gross revenues in 2019
 2018 or 2017.
 
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s net revenues in 2019
BEYOND MEAT
Earnings (loss) per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
 inclusive of the dilutive impact of potential common shares outstanding during the period. Such potential common shares include options
 unvested restricted stock
 restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;)
contracts classified as assets or liabilities that are required or assumed to be share-settled under the two-class method
The Company calculates basic and diluted EPS available to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class method required for companies with participating securities. The Company considers all series of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO to be participating securities. Under the two-class method
 the net loss available to common stockholders is not allocated to the convertible preferred stock as the holders of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified
onvested restricted stock awards (referred to as participating securities) are excluded from the dilutive impact of common equivalent shares outstanding in accordance with authoritative guidance under the two-class method. The nonvested restricted stockholders are entitled to participate in dividends declared on common stock as if the shares were fully vested and hence nonvested restricted stock shares are deemed to be participating securities. Under the two-class method
 net income
 but not net loss
et loss available to common stockholders is not allocated to unvested restricted stock as the holders of unvested restricted stock do not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. In periods when the Company records net loss
Prepaid expenses primarily include prepaid rent and insurance
Selling
SG&amp;A expenses are primarily comprised of selling
 marketing expenses and administrative expenses
 share-based compensation
 outbound shipping and handling costs
 non-manufacturing rent expense
 depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing assets and other non-production operating expenses. Selling and marketing expenses include share-based compensation awards to brand ambassadors
 advertising costs
 costs associated with consumer promotions
 product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers
 retain existing customers and build brand awareness. Administrative expenses include the expenses related to management
 accounting
 legal
 IT
 and other office functions. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 were 
62
000
 respectively. Non-advertising related components of the Company&#8217;s total marketing expenditures primarily include costs associated with consumer promotions
 product sampling
 and sales aids
BEYOND MEAT
The Company does not bill its distributors or customers shipping and handling fees. The Company&#8217;s products are predominantly shipped to its distributors or customers as &#8220;FOB Destination
&#8221; with control of the products transferred to the customer at the destination. In-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing a product are included in inventory and reflected in cost of goods sold when the sale of that product is recognized. Outbound shipping and handling costs are considered as fulfillment costs and are recorded in SG&amp;A expenses.
 
 
 respectively. Outbound shipping and handling costs in the year ended December 31
Research and development costs
 which includes enhancements to existing products and new product development
 are expensed in the period incurred. Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and related expenses for the Company&#8217;s research and development staff
 including salaries
 benefits
 bonuses
 and share-based compensation
 scale-up expenses

 2019
 2018 and 2017
 were 
 
 and 
The Company measures all share-based compensation cost at the grant date
 based on the fair values of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest
 and recognizes that cost as an expense in its statements of operations over the requisite service period. The Company estimates the fair value of option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model
 which requires management to make certain assumptions for estimating the fair value of stock options at the date of grant including the fair value and projected volatility of the underlying common stock and the expected term of the award. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Because the Company&#8217;s stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options
 and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates
 in management&#8217;s opinion
 the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company&#8217;s stock options. Although the fair value of stock options is determined using an option valuation model
In addition
 the Company estimates the expected impact of forfeited awards and recognizes share-based compensation cost only for those awards ultimately expected to vest. If actual forfeiture rates differ materially from the Company&#8217;s estimates
 share-based compensation expense could differ significantly from the amounts the Company has recorded in the current period. The Company periodically reviews actual forfeiture experience and will revise its estimates
 as necessary. The Company will recognize as compensation cost the cumulative effect of the change in estimated forfeiture rates on current and prior periods in earnings of the period of revision. As a result
 if the Company revises its assumptions and estimates
On January&#160;1
 2017 the Company initiated a 401(k)&#160;retirement saving plan (&#8220;401-K Plan&#8221;) for the benefit of eligible employees. Under terms of this plan
 eligible employees are able to make contributions of their wages on a tax-deferred basis.
 in matching contribution to the 401-K Plan in 2019
 2018 and 2017
BEYOND MEAT
The Company accounts for exit or disposal of activities in accordance with ASC 420
The Company entered into a consulting agreement with Seth Goldman
 the Company&#8217;s Executive Chair
 on March 2
 2016
 which was amended and restated on November 15
 2018 and further amended on April 8
 2019. Pursuant to the consulting agreement
20
Effective February 27
 2020
 Seth Goldman resigned as Executive Chair of the Company.&#160; Upon such resignation
 Mr. Goldman will continue to&#160;serve in his capacity as a Class I director and Chairman of the&#160;Board of the Company.&#160; In connection with Mr. Goldman&#8217;s resignation as Executive Chair
 the Company and Mr. Goldman terminated the consulting agreement effective as of February 27
 2020. Total consulting fees paid to Mr. Goldman under the consulting agreement prior to its termination in 2019
265
548
189
160
417
 respectively. In addition
121
260
The Company first entered into an advisor agreement with Food System Strategies
 LLC in October 2015. Bernhard van Lengerich. Ph.D.
 a member of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 is the Chief Executive Officer of Food System Strategies
 LLC. Pursuant to this advisor agreement
 the Company paid Food System Strategies
4
 for each day Dr. van Lengerich provided services
 provided the Company paid Food System Strategies
 of services per month. In February 2016
 the Company entered into a new advisor agreement with Food System Strategies
 LLC
25
532
 shares
 in consideration of Dr. van Lengerich providing services as the Company&#8217;s interim Chief Technical Officer and head of research and development
 and the increased time commitment associated with these roles. In December 2016
10
Effective December 31
 2019
 the Company and Food System Strategies
 LLC agreed that the term of the advisor agreement would end. Total advisor fees paid to Food System Strategies
 LLC for the services of Mr. van Lengerich in 2019
120
 (including amounts paid in 2020)
140
125
000
BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
 the Company incurred consulting costs payable to a company associated with Donald Thompson
 a member of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
121
In connection with the issuance of restricted stock and for value received
 in December 2015
951
 per annum
 compounded annually
In determining the accounting for the promissory notes
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2016-01
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8212;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2016-01&#8221;)
 which makes amendments to the guidance in GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 significantly revises an entity&#8217;s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The Company adopted and implemented ASU 2016-01 for the year ended December 31
 2019. Adoption of ASU 2016-01 did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2016-15
 &#8220;Statements of Cash Flows (Topic&#160;230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&#8221; or ASU 2016-15
 which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statements of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods (including interim periods) beginning after December&#160;15
 2018 for business entities that are not public
 should be applied retrospectively
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2016-15 for the year ended December 31
 2019. Adoption of 2016-15 did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
In June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07
 &#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&#8220;ASU 2018-07&#8221;). Under ASU 2018-07
 the measurement of equity-classified nonemployee awards will be fixed at the grant date
 and nonpublic entities are allowed to account for nonemployee awards using certain practical expedients that are already available for employee awards. The amendments in ASU 2018-07 are effective for nonpublic business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than the Company&#8217;s adoption date of Topic 606. The Company early adopted ASU 2018-07 beginning January 1
 2019 along with its adoption of ASU 2014-09. Pursuant to ASU 2018-07
 the measurement of equity classified nonemployee awards will be fixed at the grant date
As an &#8220;emerging growth company
&#8221; (&#8220;EGC&#8221;) the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act
 (the &#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;)
December 31
 2020
BEYOND MEAT
when it expects to qualify as a Large Accelerated Filer based upon the current market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Therefore
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2016-02
 &#8220;Leases (Topic 842)&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2016-02&#8221; or &#8220;ASC 842&#8221;). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to generally recognize most operating leases on the balance sheets but record expenses on the income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. ASU 2016-02 along with subsequent ASU&#8217;s on Topic 842 is effective for public companies for the annual reporting period beginning after December 15
 2018. As described above
 the Company has elected to use the adoption dates applicable to public companies beginning in the first quarter of 2020
 and
 therefore
 effective for the Company beginning January 1
Based on analysis of leases and other contracts
 the Company currently believes the most significant impact of ASC 842 on its accounting will be the balance sheet impact of its operating leases
The Company plans to elect the package of practical expedients available under the transition provisions of ASC 842
 including (i) not reassessing whether expired or existing contracts contain leases
 (ii) lease classification
 and (iii) not revaluing initial direct costs for existing leases. Also
 the Company plans to elect the practical expedient which will allow aggregation of non-lease components with the related lease components. Lastly
 the Company will apply the modified retrospective adoption method
 utilizing the simplified transition option available in ASC 842
 which allows entities to continue to apply the legacy guidance in ASC 840
 including its disclosure requirements
The impact of applying ASC 842 effective as of January 1
In December 18
 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2019-12
 &#8220;Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740)&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2019-12&#8221;). ASU 2019-12 eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period (1) exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation (2) exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments and (3) exceptions in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. ASU 2019-12 also is designed to improve financial statement preparers&#8217; application of income tax-related guidance and simplify GAAP for (1) franchise taxes that are partially based on income
 (2) transactions with a government that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill
 (3) separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax
 and (4) enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. For public business entities
 the amendments in ASU 2019-12 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period for public business entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. An entity that elects to early adopt the amendments in an interim period should reflect any adjustments as of the beginning of the annual period that includes that interim period. Additionally
 an entity that elects early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. ASU 2019-12 is effective for the Company beginning in January&#160;1
 2021. Adoption of ASU 2019-12 is not expected to result in any material changes to the way the tax provision is prepared and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
BEYOND MEAT
In May 2017
 management approved a plan to terminate the Company&#8217;s exclusive supply agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with one of its co-manufacturers
 due to non-performance under the Agreement and on May&#160;23
 2017
 the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement. In accordance with the Company&#8217;s policy of reviewing long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable
 the Company determined that as of May&#160;23
 2017
 the date the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement
 in 2017
 were related to the impairment write-off of long-lived assets comprised of certain unrecoverable equipment located at the co-manufacturer&#8217;s site and company-paid leasehold improvements to the co-manufacturer&#8217;s facility pursuant to the Agreement
). In addition
 the Company recorded 
 the Company recorded 
 respectively
 in restructuring expenses related to this dispute
December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had 
 respectively
December 31
36
13
17
2
26
13
81
30
 in unrecoverable inventory related to the termination of an exclusive supply agreement with one of the Company&#8217;s co-manufacturers which was recorded in cost of goods sold in its statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2017. The Company wrote off 
 in excess and obsolete inventories and recognized that expense in cost of goods sold in its statements of operations for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. There was no write down of inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value at December&#160;31
BEYOND MEAT
Property
Property
 plant

 plant
December 31
 2019
December 31
37
25
8
6
7
7
1
11
3
Total property
68
43
20
12
Property
 plant and equipment
47
30
527
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in 
 and 2017
 
 
 respectively
 were recorded in cost of goods sold
 
 
 respectively
 were recorded in research and development expenses
71
000
13
000
 respectively
 were recorded in SG&amp;A expenses
 in property
December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
6
6
20
20
5
5
30
30
11
19
30
December&#160;31
 2019
 debt issuance costs
 net of amortization
 totaled 
 respectively. Debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense over the term of the loan for which amortization of 
93
37
000
 
BEYOND MEAT
In June 2018
 term loan advance at closing
 term loan advance
 if no event of default has occurred and is continuing through the borrowing date
 above the prime rate
 with interest payable monthly and principal amortizing commencing on July 1
 2020
The 2018 Term Loan Facility and the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility (the &#8220;SVB Credit Facilities
&#8221;) contain customary negative financial covenants that limit the Company&#8217;s ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 grant liens
 make investments
 repurchase stock
 pay dividends
 transfer assets and merge or consolidate. The SVB Credit Facilities also contain customary affirmative financial covenants
December&#160;31
The SVB Credit Facilities are secured by an interest in the Company&#8217;s assets including manufacturing equipment
 inventory
 contract rights or rights to payment of money
 leases
 license agreements
 general intangibles
In conjunction with the execution of the Amended LSA
60
30
 to SVB in connection with the execution of the Amended LSA. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 and 
 in borrowings on the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and 2018 Term Loan Facility
 respectively
 and had 
 the Company incurred 
 respectively
 in interest expense related to the SVB Credit Facilities. In 2017
December&#160;31
 2019
In September 2018
 the Company entered into an agreement with Structural Capital Investments II
 LP
 or Structural Capital
 for the purpose of purchasing equipment. Subject to Structural Capital&#8217;s approval
. The equipment loan facility matures on May 1
 2022
 after loan draw depending on the Company achieving certain financial milestones
 and therefore
 are paid over a period of 
 respectively. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company achieved all of the milestones and
 therefore
 monthly installment repayments of principal are expected to begin on December 31
BEYOND MEAT
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively. For 
 
 the Company recorded 
 
 and 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 on December&#160;20
 2013 or the Missouri Note. The principal was due and payable on December&#160;20
 per year
 payable quarterly
 commencing on December&#160;31
29
000
 in 2017. On June 28
 2018
From August 2017 through November 2017
 in Convertible Promissory Notes (&#8220;2017 Convertible Notes&#8221;) to several purchasers of the Series&#160;G Preferred Stock
1
026
 of the cash price per share of the Series&#160;G Preferred Stock issuance. In connection with the accounting for the 2017 Convertible Notes
 was recognized at issuance
In connection with its financing arrangements
 of the financing arrangements
121
 per share. For a separate financing arrangement
39
 per share. In connection with the Company&#8217;s refinancing of its credit facilities with SVB
60
 per share. Upon the closing of the IPO
160
 shares of common stock at the same respective exercise price per share. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
BEYOND MEAT
Upon the closing of the IPO
41
562
-for-one basis. On May 6
 2019
500
000
 shares of common stock
 par value per share
500
 shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value per share
On August 5
 2019
 the Company completed its Secondary Offering of common stock
250
 shares of common stock
December&#160;31
 2019
61
576
December&#160;31
 2018
58
669
&#160;authorized shares of common stock
 per share
6
951
 shares were issued and outstanding
43
882
 authorized&#160;shares of preferred stock
 per share
3
333
&#160;shares of Series&#160;A Preferred Stock
4
680
&#160;shares of Series&#160;B Preferred Stock
8
076
&#160;shares of Series&#160;C Preferred Stock
8
713
&#160;shares of Series&#160;D Preferred Stock
4
701
 shares of Series&#160;E Preferred Stock
4
866
 shares of Series&#160;F Preferred Stock
5
114
2
075
The Company has not declared or paid any dividends
On April 11
 2011
 the Company&#8217;s stockholders approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (&#8220;2011 Plan&#8221;)
 and most recently amended the 2011 Plan on April 10
 2019. The 2011 Plan was amended
 restated and re-named the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (&#8220;2018 Plan&#8221;)
 which became effective as of April 30
 2019
The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options)
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 Restricted Stock Units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;)
 performance units
 and performance shares to the Company&#8217;s employees
 directors
14
482
 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. In addition
 the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the 2020 fiscal year
2
144
The 2018 Plan may be amended
 suspended or terminated by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors at any time
 provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant
 subject to stockholder approval of any amendment to the 2018 Plan as required by applicable law or listing requirements. Unless sooner terminated by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 the 2018 Plan will automatically terminate on November 14
December&#160;31
264
 shares of common stock were granted to certain employees on April 3
 2019
 per share
1
000
 shares of common stock were granted to executive officers on April 18
 2019
48
BEYOND MEAT
were granted to certain employees on April 29
 2019
50
 shares of common stock were granted to certain executive officers on May 1
 2019
 per share
99
 shares of restricted stock were granted to nonemployees on April 18
 per share to be issued upon payment of the purchase price
125
 shares of common stock was granted to an executive officer on June 10
 2019
 per share
70
 per unit were granted to certain employees on June 10
 2019
5
 shares of common stock was granted to an executive officer on August 1
 2019
 per share
14
 per unit were granted to certain employees and a consultant on August 1
 2019
78
 were granted on October 31
68
 shares of common stock granted to executive officer
87
 per unit were granted on October 31
34
December&#160;31
 2019
5
170
5
120
 shares
 respectively
 issuable under stock options outstanding
149
 shares
 respectively
 issuable under unvested RSUs outstanding
5
864
4
335
 shares
 respectively
 issued for stock option exercises
 RSU settlement
 and restricted stock grants
3
297
6
 shares
 respectively
For the periods presented
Year Ended December 31
As the Company does not have sufficient historical experience for determining the expected term of the stock option awards granted
 the Company&#8217;s expected term is based on the simplified method
As the Company has only been a public entity since May 2
 2019
 there is not a substantive share price history to calculate volatility and
 as such
 the Company has elected to use an approximation based on the volatility of other comparable public companies
 which compete directly with the Company
The Company estimates the forfeiture rate at the time of grant based on past awards canceled
 the number of awards granted
 and vesting terms and adjusted
 if necessary
BEYOND MEAT
 of the total award on the first anniversary of the grant date
 of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date
 period. The stock option grant to one executive officer on August 1
 2019 vests monthly over a 48-month period. The stock option grant to another executive officer on October 31
 2019 begins vesting on the second anniversary of the vesting commencement date and vests monthly thereafter over a 24-month period. Options granted in the year ended December 31
The following table summarizes the Company&#8217;s stock option activity during the period from December 31
December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
4
879
3
382
446
609
Outstanding at December 31
4
207
8
2
136
1
139
5
82
Outstanding at December 31
5
120
81
1
571
1
429
121
91
Outstanding at December 31
5
170
329
Vested and exercisable at December 31
2
533
185
Vested and expected to vest at December 31
3
761
256
December&#160;31
 2019
 and 2017
 the Company recorded in aggregate 
 
 and 
 respectively
BEYOND MEAT
cost of goods sold
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 of the total award on the first anniversary of the grant date
 of the award. The RSU award to one executive officer on August 1
 2019 vests quarterly over 16 quarters. The RSU award to a consultant on August 1
 2019 was scheduled to vest monthly over a 12-month period
 however a portion of this award was forfeited upon termination of the consulting agreement. The RSU award to another executive officer on October 31
In addition to the grants to employees and consultants
 on October 31
 2019
30
 from the date of grant
22
Unvested at January 1
173
23
Unvested at December 31
149
December&#160;31
 2019
 
 the Company recorded in aggregate 
 
 and 
 respectively
 of share-based compensation expense related to RSUs. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold
December&#160;31
 2019
 in accrual for a liability classified
 share-settled obligation to an executive officer related to a sign-on award pursuant to the terms of the executive officer&#8217;s offer letter with the Company. The Company is obligated to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount on the first annual anniversary of the executive officer&#8217;s commencement date and on each quarterly anniversary thereafter through the second annual anniversary of the executive officer&#8217;s commencement date. The liability classified award is considered unearned until the requirements for issuance of the shares are met and is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet as of December 31
 2019. There were no such liability classified share-settled obligations in 2018 and 2017. As of December 31
 2019
BEYOND MEAT
In April 2019
99
 per share to nonemployees serving as the Company&#8217;s brand ambassadors. The Company has the right to repurchase the unvested shares upon a voluntary or involuntary termination of a brand ambassador&#8217;s service; however
 as shares vest monthly over 
 they are being released from the repurchase option (and all such shares will be released from the repurchase option by May 18
In October 2018
135
 per share to nonemployees serving as the Company&#8217;s brand ambassadors. The Company has the right to repurchase the unvested shares upon a voluntary or involuntary termination of a brand ambassador&#8217;s service; however
 as shares vest monthly over 
 they are being released from the repurchase option (and all such shares will be released from the repurchase option by November 1
Unvested at December 31
135
35
Unvested at December 31
100
99
87
23
Unvested at December 31
88
December&#160;31
 2019
88
988
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded in aggregate 
 
 respectively
 of share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock issued to nonemployee brand ambassadors
December&#160;31
 2019
 in&#160;unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock
In December 2015
1
006
&#160;shares of restricted stock to nonemployee board members. The Company had the option of repurchasing the shares; however
 as shares vest monthly over 
 they were being released from the repurchase option (and all such shares were released from the repurchase option by November 1
 2018). In connection with the issuance and for value received
951
 per annum
 compounded annually
BEYOND MEAT
In determining the accounting for the promissory notes
In July 2018
48
On November 15
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors adopted its 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&#8220;2018 ESPP&#8221;)
 which was subsequently approved by the Company&#8217;s stockholders and became effective on April 30
 2019
 employees. In addition
804
 shares of common stock for issuance under the 2018 ESPP. In addition
 the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 ESPP will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year for a period of up to 
 starting with the 2020 fiscal year
536
BEYOND MEAT
The Company has operating leases for its corporate offices including its research and development center
 its manufacturing facilities and its warehouses
The following table represents the Company&#8217;s commitments as of December 31
Year Ended December 31
1
22
1
21
1
1
1
5
13
44
(1)  Excludes lease payments during two-year lease extension entered into subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019 for one of the Company&#8217;s manufacturing facilities in Columbia
Total rent expense in 2019
 2018 and 2017 was 
 
 respectively. Rent expense is reflected in cost of goods sold
December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling 
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019
 on January 10
 2020
On May&#160;25
 2017
 Don Lee Farms
 a division of Goodman Food Products
 Inc.
 filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles asserting claims for breach of contract
 misappropriation of trade secrets
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code
 money owed and due
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
BEYOND MEAT
Don Lee Farms. The Company denies all of these claims and filed counterclaims on July&#160;27
 2017
 alleging breach of contract
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code and conversion. In October 2018
 of the Company&#8217;s current contract manufacturers as a defendant
 principally for claims arising from the current contract manufacturer&#8217;s alleged use of the former co-manufacturer&#8217;s alleged trade secrets
 and for replacing the former co-manufacturer as one of the Company&#8217;s current co-manufacturers.&#160;The current contract manufacturer filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity
 contribution
 and repayment. On March 11
 2019
&#160;Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against the Company. On May 30
 2019
 the&#160;judge denied the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed.&#160;On June 19
 2019
 the Company filed an answer denying Don Lee Farms' claims.&#160; On January 27
 2020
 Don Lee Farms filed a third amended complaint to add three individual defendants
 all of whom are current or former employees of the Company
 including Mark Nelson
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 to Don Lee Farms&#8217; existing fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraud and negligent misrepresentations. The individual defendants deny all allegations of fraud and negligent misrepresentations.&#160; On January 24
 2020
628
 on the grounds that Don Lee Farms had established a &#8220;probable validity&#8221; of its claim that the Company owes it money for a small batch of unpaid invoices.&#160; This determination was not made by the trial judge.&#160; The trial judge has yet to determine the legitimacy or merits of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims.&#160; The previous trial date
 May 18
 2020
 has been continued.&#160; Trial is currently set for February 8
Don Lee Farms is seeking from Beyond Meat and the current contract manufacturer unspecified compensatory and punitive damages
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of Beyond Meat&#8217;s use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. The Company is seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages
 restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms
 and attorneys&#8217;&#160;fees and costs. The current contract manufacturer is seeking indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment from the Company of any or all damages that the current contract manufacturer may be found liable to Don Lee Farms
The Company believes it was justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 that the Company did not misappropriate their alleged trade secrets
 that the Company is not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the proposed second amended complaint
 that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in our cross-complaint
 and that the Company is not liable to ProPortion for any indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment
and costs. The Company is currently in the process of litigating this matter and intends to vigorously defend&#160;itself and its current and former employees against&#160;the claims. The Company cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or the current contract manufacturer will not prevail in all or some of their claims against the Company&#160;or the individual defendants
 or that&#160;the Company will prevail in some or all of its claims against Don Lee Farms. For example
 if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit
 the Company could be required to pay damages
 including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what the Company would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce its products through 2019
 the end of the contract term
 and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of the Company&#8217;s products or in the products themselves
 and thus claim a stake in the value the Company has derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after the Company terminated its supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. Based on the Company&#8217;s current knowledge
On January 30
 2020
 Larry Tran
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
BEYOND MEAT
Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to the Company&#8217;s public disclosures regarding the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2
 2019 to January 27
On March 16
 2020
 Eric Weiner
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of the Company&#8217;s directors
 including one former director
 who signed the Company&#8217;s initial public offering registration statement.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 16
 2020
Based on the early stage of this matter
 the Company is unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On March 18
 2020
 Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein
 purported shareholders of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 executive officers
 President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 18
 2020
. Based on the early stage of this matter
 the Company is unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
Also on March 18
 2020
 Nazrin Massaro filed a putative class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against Beyond Meat and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
 products to the putative class members in violation of consumers&#8217; privacy rights. The lawsuit further alleges that PETA sent the text messages at the direction
 and/or under the control
The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings
 claims
 and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on the facts currently available
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Provision for income taxes in 2019
Year Ended December 31
2
6
10
State income tax
2
1
1
2
21
11
23
6
BEYOND MEAT
Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31

 2019 and 2018
December 31
50
29
1
1
2
1
56
31
Property
55
31
As of December 31
 2019
 and 2018
 management assessed the realizability of deferred tax assets and evaluated the need for an amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis. This evaluation utilizes the framework contained in ASC 740
 
 pursuant to which management analyzed all positive and negative evidence available at the balance sheet date to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Under this guidance
In concluding on the evaluation
 management placed significant emphasis on guidance in ASC 740
 which states that &#8220;a cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome.&#8221; Based upon available evidence
 it was concluded on a more-likely-than-not basis that certain deferred tax assets were not realizable as of December 31
 2019. Accordingly
 has been recorded to offset these deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31
As of December&#160;31
 2018
 the Company has accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
As of December 31
 2019
 the Company has accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
of the federal net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal and state tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031 and 2032
 respectively
Utilization of the Company&#8217;s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration or elimination of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. The Company is currently analyzing ownership shifts since inception to determine the limitation
BEYOND MEAT
The Company adopted ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2018. Under ASU 2016-09
 the Company no longer records excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies related to share-based payments to employees in additional paid-in capital. Instead
 the Company will recognize all income tax effects of share-based awards in its statement of operations when awards vest or are settled. All excess tax benefits not previously recognized were to be recorded to retained earnings as a cumulative effect adjustment upon adoption. Upon adoption
 no adjustment to retained earnings was necessary due to the Company&#8217;s valuation allowance position. In 2018
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or the Tax Act was enacted in the United States on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act reduced the United States federal corporate income tax rate to 21% from 35%
The Company completed its accounting for all of the enactment-date income tax effects of the Act as of December 31
 2018 and did not recognize adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded at December 31
The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company&#8217;s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
3
1
As of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company had 
 respectively
 of unrecognized tax benefits from research and development tax credits
 none of which
 if recognized
The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
December&#160;31
5
170
149
 RSUs
 because the Company incurred a net loss and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31
BEYOND MEAT
excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified
December&#160;31
5
120
4
207
 shares
 respectively
(in thousands
Year Ended December 31
12
29
30
42
274
6
287
5
457
Dilutive effect of stock equivalents resulting from stock options
 RSUs
 common stock warrants
42
274
6
287
5
457
Year Ended December 31
5
170
149
39
953
39
361
160
160
5
319
40
114
39
521
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019
 on January 10
 2020
 the Company and Roquette Fr&#232;res (&#8220;Roquette&#8221;) entered into a multi-year sales agreement pursuant to which Roquette will provide the Company with plant-based protein. The agreement expires on December 31
 under certain circumstances. This agreement increases the amount of plant-based protein to be supplied by Roquette in each of 2020
 2021 and 2022 compared to the amount supplied 2019. The plant-based protein sourced under the supply agreement is secured on a purchase order basis regularly
 per specified minimum monthly and semi-annual quantities
BEYOND MEAT
annual amount purchased each year by the Company must be at least the minimum amount specified in the agreement
Effective March 16
 2020
 the Company entered into an agreement to extend the lease for one of its facilities in Columbia
 Missouri
In December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus disease (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) was first reported in Wuhan
 China.  Less than four months later
 on March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic.  The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s effect on the Company&#8217;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of the pandemic
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#8217;s business. However
 if the pandemic continues to evolve into a severe worldwide health crisis
 the disease could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 results of operations
BEYOND MEAT
Mar. 31
Jun. 30
Sep. 29
Dec. 31
Mar. 30
Jun. 29
Sep. 28
Dec. 31
12
17
26
31
40
67
91
98
10
14
21
23
29
44
59
65
2
2
5
7
10
22
32
33
1
2
2
3
4
4
5
5
Selling
5
7
10
11
11
15
20
27
2
1
7
9
13
14
16
20
29
34
5
7
8
7
5
2
3
11
Other
1
1
Total other (expense) income
1
1
11
5
7
9
7
6
9
4
5
7
9
7
6
9
4
The sum of quarterly amounts
 including per share amounts
Our management
 with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules&#160;13a-15(e)&#160;and&#160;15d-15(e) under the&#160;Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
Act&#160;is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate
December&#160;31
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Our management&#160;does&#160;not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
The information required by this item will be set forth in our&#160;Proxy Statement&#160;for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees
 officers and directors
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our code of business conduct and ethics is posted on the investor relations page on our website which is located at https://investors.beyondmeat.com/investor-relations. We will post any amendments to our code of business conduct and ethics other than technical
 administrative or other non-substantive amendments
 or waivers of its requirements
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
Amended and Restated Investors&#8217; Rights Agreement
 dated as of October 5
 2018
Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease
 dated as of January&#160;18
 2017
 by and between Smoky Hollow Industries
Lease
 dated March 13
 2014
 as amended
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February 6
 2004 and Registrant and amendment thereto dated November 1
Second Lease Amendment to Lease
 dated March 13
 2014
 as amended
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone Revocable Trust
 dated May 6
Third Lease Amendment to Lease
 dated March 13
 2014
 as amended
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone Revocable Trust
 dated March 16
Lease
 dated October 12
 2017
 by and between LeMone Family Limited Partnership
 LLLP and Registrant as amended by the Lease Amendment dated April 18
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (Revolving Line)
 dated as of June 27
 2018
Loan and Security Agreement (Term Loan)
 dated June 27
 2018
First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (Term Loan)
 dated September 27
 2018
Intellectual Property Security Agreement
 dated June 27
 2018
Intellectual Property Security Agreement
 dated June 27
 2018
Equipment Loan and Security Agreement
 dated September 19
 2018
 by and between Ocean II PLO
Multi-Year Sales Agreement
 dated January 10
 2020
 by and between Roquette Fr&#232;res and Beyond Meat
Master Supply Agreement
 dated as of December 21
 2018
 between Registrant and PURIS Proteins
2011 Equity Incentive Plan
 amended as of April 3
 2019
2018 Equity Incentive Plan
Option Amendment Letter
 dated May 11
 2017
Advisor Agreement
 dated February 26
 2016
 by and between Bernhard van Lengerich and Registrant
 as amended on September 5
Second Amended &amp; Restated Consulting Agreement
 dated April 8
 2019
Amended and restated agreement
 dated as of January 18
 2019
Offer Letter dated April 29
Offer Letter dated August 1
Offer Letter Correction dated March 3
Letter Agreement
 dated February 27
 2020
Letter Agreement
 dated December 31
 2019
 by and between Food System Strategies
List of Subsidiaries of Beyond Meat
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The following financial statements from the Company's Yearly Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Balance Sheets
 (ii) Statements of Operations
 (iii) Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) and (vi) Notes to Financial Statements
** This certification is deemed furnished
 and not filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Beyond Meat
 Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
+ Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
BEYOND MEAT
March&#160;19
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons
President
 Chief Executive Officer
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
Bernhard van Lengerich
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
March&#160;19
 2020















		

	
Beyond Meat
 Inc. has one class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;): its common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (&#8220;common stock&#8221;). The following description of our capital stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The following description is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
We encourage you to read our restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the &#8220;DGCL&#8221;) for more information. References herein to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; and &#8220;the Company&#8221; refer solely to Beyond Meat
Our authorized capital stock consists of 500
500
000 shares of capital stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
500
000
500
Our board of directors is authorized
 without stockholder approval except as required by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;)
Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders
 including the election of directors. Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting rights. Because of this
 the holders of a plurality of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election
 if they should so choose. With respect to matters other than the election of directors
 at any meeting of the stockholders at which a quorum is present or represented
 the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders
vote
 present in person or represented by proxy
Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock
 holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends
 if any
In the event of our liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
Holders of our common stock have no preemptive
 conversion
 subscription or other rights
 and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights
Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law
Certain provisions of Delaware law and certain provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws summarized below may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay
 deter
 or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests
Our restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that permit our board of directors to issue
 without any further vote or action by the stockholders
 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and
 with respect to each such series
 to fix the number of shares constituting the series and the designation of the series
the series
 and the powers
 preferences or relative
 participation
 optional and other special rights
 if any
 and any qualifications
 limitations or restrictions
Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is divided into three classes
 designated Class I
 Class II
 and Class III. Each class has an equal number of directors
 as nearly as possible
 consisting of one-third of the total number of directors constituting our entire board of directors. The term of initial Class I directors will terminate on the date of the 2020 annual meeting
 the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2021 annual meeting
 and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2022 annual meeting. At each annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2020
Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that
 except as otherwise required by law
 special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by an officer at the request of a majority of our board of directors
 by the chairperson of our board of directors
Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice thereof in writing. To be timely
company
 with such notice being served not less than 90 nor more than 120 days before the meeting. Although the amended and restated bylaws do not give our board of directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates to be elected at an annual meeting
Our restated certificate of incorporation may be amended or altered in any manner provided by the DGCL. Our amended and restated bylaws may be adopted
 amended
 altered
 or repealed by stockholders only upon approval of at least a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of the common stock
 except for any amendment of the above provisions
 which would require the approval of a two-thirds majority of our then outstanding common stock. Additionally
 our restated certificate of incorporation provide that our bylaws may be amended
 altered
Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuances without stockholder approval
 except as required by the listing standards of Nasdaq
 and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes
 including future offerings to raise additional capital
 acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the company by means of a proxy contest
 tender offer
Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that
 unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
 or other wrongdoing by
 any of our directors
 officers
provided
 that with respect to any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder
Our restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933
The exclusive forum provisions described above may limit a stockholder&#8217;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
 or other employees
 which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors
Subject to certain exceptions
 Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination (as defined in such section) with an &#8220;interested stockholder&#8221; (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation or any person affiliated with such person) for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder
 unless (i) prior to such time the board of directors of such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder
 the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock of such corporation outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (A) by persons who are directors and also officers of such corporation and (B) by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer); or (iii) at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of 














		

	
day of May
 2019
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February 6
 2004 
and Beyond Meat
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and with the Original Lease
 (the 
 

 
 
Building)

 
 
 
 
Landlord and Tenant contemplated in the First Amendment that the Lease would terminate
 and Tenant will vacate the Premises
WHEREAS
 Landlord and Tenant now wish to modify the Lease by
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease (including
 without limitation
&#32;of the Original Lease)
1
2019 and for the remainder of the Lease Term
 Tenant shall pay monthly rent to Landlord in the amount of Eighteen Thousand Nine Hundred Twenty-Three and No/100 Dollars ($18
This Second Lease Amendment
 and the Lease as amended hereby
Except as provided for above
 all other terms and provisions of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect. Any inconsistency between the Lease and this Amendment shall be governed by the provisions of this Amendment. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which
 together
constitute the same Amendment. For purposes of this Amendment
electronic PDF shall be binding to the same extent as original signatures. Each signatory of this Amendment on behalf of Tenant and Landlord represents that he or she has the authority to execute and deliver the same on behalf of the party hereto for which such signatory is acting. The headings of the paragraphs in this Amendment are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment. Landlord and Tenant each acknowledges and reaffirms all of its obligations under the Lease
 as the Lease has been amended by this Amendment
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February 6
BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
CFO
 Treasurer














		

	
&#8221;) is made and entered into on March&#160;16
 2020
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February&#160;6
 2004
 hereinafter &#8220;
&#8221; and BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
 a Delaware corporation f/k/a Savage River
 Inc.
WHEREAS
 Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Lease dated March&#160;13
&#8221;)
 which was amended by (a)&#160;the Lease Amendment dated November&#160;1
&#8221;)
 and (b)&#160;the Second Lease Amendment dated May&#160;6
&#8221; and with the Original Lease and First Amendment
&#8221;) whereunder Tenant is leasing from Landlord the premises defined in the Lease as being 26
000 square feet of interior space in the building known as 1714 Commerce Court
 Columbia
WHEREAS
 the Lease Term is currently scheduled to expire at midnight on June&#160;30
WHEREAS
 Landlord and Tenant desire to further extend the Lease Term by an additional twenty-four (24) months
NOW THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained
.  Landlord and Tenant agree that the term of the Lease shall be extended by twenty-four (24) months
 commencing at midnight on June&#160;30
 2020
 and ending at&#160;11:59 p.m. on June&#160;30
&#8220;Beyond Meat
El Segundo
&#32;&#32;Except as set forth in this Amendment
Lease and this Amendment shall be governed by this Amendment.  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which
 together
 shall constitute the same Amendment.  For purposes of this Amendment
 signatures by facsimile or electronic PDF shall be binding to the same extent as original signatures.  Each signatory of this Amendment on behalf of Tenant and Landlord represents that he or she has the full power and authority to execute and deliver the same on behalf of the party hereto for which such signatory is acting.  The headings of the paragraphs in this Amendment are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.  Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and reaffirm all of their obligations under the Lease
 as the Lease has been amended by this Amendment
 and agree that any reference made in any other document to the Lease shall mean the Lease as amended by this Amendment.  The Lease
 as hereby amended
 may not be further amended except in writing signed by both Landlord and Tenant.  If any provisions of this Amendment or the Lease
 as amended hereby
 shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable
The covenants and agreements of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs
 executors
 administrators
 legal representatives
 successors
.  If a party hereto brings an action or suit against the other party hereto to enforce any provisions of this Amendment or the Lease
 the prevailing party in such action or suit shall be entitled to have and recover from the other party hereto
 in addition to damages
 equitable or other relief
 all costs and expenses of the action or suit and any appeals therefrom
 including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and court costs and costs of expert witnesses
.  Each of Landlord and Tenant represent and warrant to each other that neither of them has had any dealings with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the negotiation of this Amendment.  Landlord and Tenant each hereby agree to indemnify
 defend and hold harmless the other against any losses
 causes of action
 liabilities
 damages
 claims
 demands
 costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees and costs) incurred
 or to be incurred
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February&#160;6
BEYOND MEAT
 INC.















		

	
February 27
Beyond Meat
El Segundo
Reference is made to the Second Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement
 dated as of April 8
&#8221;)
 by and between Beyond Meat
 Inc. (f/k/a Savage River
 Inc.)
&#8221;)
&#8221;).  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this letter shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Consulting Agreement.  In accordance with Consultant&#8217;s resignation as Executive Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company
 Consultant and the Company hereby agree to the termination of the Consulting Agreement
 in accordance with its terms
&#32;of the Consulting Agreement
 and agree that the termination of the Consulting Agreement is effective as of 11:59 pm (PT) on February 27
&#32;of the Consulting Agreement.  The Company further acknowledges that Consultant shall be entitled to payment of a discretionary cash bonus payment for services provided in 2019
&#8221;).  Such 2019 Bonus Payment shall be paid to Consultant at such time as the Company pays 2019 bonus payments to its executive officers
 but in no event later than March 15
 2020.  Consultant acknowledges that absent a subsequent written agreement between the Company and Consultant
 following the Termination Date
 the sole compensation he shall receive from the Company shall be in connection with his service as non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to the Beyond Meat
Sincerely
BEYOND MEAT
 INC.














		

	
El Segundo
December 31
Food System Strategies
Plymouth
Reference is made to that certain Advisor Agreement
 dated as of February 26
 2016
 by and between Beyond Meat
 Inc. (f/k/a Savage River
 Inc.)
&#8221;)
 and Food System Strategies
&#8221;)
 as amended on September 5
&#8221;)
Advisor and the Company hereby agree that the term of the Advisor Agreement will end effective as of December 31
 2019
 subject to the surviving provisions thereof. The Company will pay Advisor for the Services rendered by Advisor under the Advisor Agreement through December 31
 2019 at the rate of $10
000 per month
 payable monthly (net 30 days)
Sincerely
BEYOND MEAT
FOOD SYSTEM STRATEGIES
 LLC














		

	
Subsidiaries of Beyond Meat
 Inc.














		

	
We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-231186 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 19
 2020
 relating to the financial statements of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31
Los Angeles
March 19
 2020














		

	
PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
I
 Ethan Brown
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Beyond Meat
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March&#160;19
 2020














		

	
PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
I
 Mark J. Nelson
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Beyond Meat
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March&#160;19
 2020














		

	
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Ethan Brown
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 do hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
December&#160;31
&#32;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
March&#160;19
This certification shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.














		

	
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Mark J. Nelson
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 do hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
December&#160;31
&#32;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
March&#160;19
This certification shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.









































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Summary of property
 plant

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    







 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Stock Warrant Liability


 Stock Warrant Liability



    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    

 Tax Credit
 Research



    

 Return to Provision and Other


 Return to Provision and Other



    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    

 Other Adjustments



    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    
    


    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs









    
    


    




    


    
    


    


    




    
    







 plant





    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Plant



    

 Plant






 Plant
 and Equipment


 Plant
 and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Issuance of Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    

 Cash Equivalents



    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    




    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    


    




    

 Value



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    



 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation


 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Liability



    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    





 RSUs
 common stock warrants

    


    




    




    

 State and Local



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 State and Local



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    








    
    


    




    




    


    




    




    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    




    




    




    




    







 Property



    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    








    




    
    


    




    








    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption


 Redemption



    

 Redemption



    

 Redemption






 Redemption



    

 Redemption



    






    






    

 Prepayment Penalty


 Prepayment Penalty



    

 Prepayment Penalty


 Prepayment Penalty



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    








    







 Debt Default


 Debt Default



    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Interest Rate











    

 Interest Rate



    




    


    









 Prepayment Penalty


 Prepayment Penalty






 Prepayment Penalty


 Prepayment Penalty



    

 Unused Capacity






 Periodic Payment Terms
 Final Payment Fee


 Periodic Payment Terms
 Final Payment Fee



    




    

 Convertible


 Convertible




 conversion feature


 Convertible
 Beneficial Conversion Feature


 Convertible
 Beneficial Conversion Feature






 Stock Issued During Period
 Shares


 Stock Issued During Period
 Shares



    




    
    


    




    








    
    


    

 Raw Materials and Supplies



    

 Work in Process



    

 Finished Goods



    




    


    

 Options






 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options



    

 Options







    

 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Options
 Forfeitures in Period







    

 Options






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    
    
    





 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period










 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested And Expected To Vest


 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    
    


    










    
    


    

 Stock Options



    

 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    

 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit



    
    








    




    


    
    
    





 Equity Component of Convertible Debt


 Equity Component of Convertible Debt











    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments
 Net Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    




    




    




    




    




    




    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    


    




    




    

 Finance Lease



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    






    


    




    
    








    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    











 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    






    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    









 General and Administrative Expenses



    




    
    


    




    




    










    
    


























    














    

 Shares



    




    




    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options







    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures







    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    




    


    


    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    

































































 Shares






 Shares



    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    




    










    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    














    


    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    


    






    




    




    

 Award Vesting Rights



    




    




    

 Nonvested Award
 Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized






 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Nonvested Award
 Excluding Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized











    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Unvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Unvested



    


    




    




    




    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


























    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    


    




    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Carrying Amount






 Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities


 Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities



    






    
    





 Stock Issued During Period
 Shares


 Stock Issued During Period
 Shares






 Stock Issued During Period
 Value



    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    

 Shares


 Shares



    

 Value


 Value



    


    

 Value



    

 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    


    




    

 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award



    

 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    

 Value


 Value



    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    


    




    





 plant
 and equipment









    
    




    


    




    




    




    




    




    


    


    




    




    













 Long-term



    






    




    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    



 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000 shares authorized


 Value




 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000
000 shares and 58
669
600 shares authorized at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively; 61
576
494 and 6
951
350 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018


 Value



    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    

 Not Part of Disposal Group



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Damages Sought



    
    


    
    








    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    




    




    
    


    

 Excluding Assessed Tax


 Excluding Assessed Tax



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Period Of Adoption


 Period Of Adoption



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Stock Split



    








    






    




    




    
    


    




    












    






    






    




    




    
    


    
    




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 beyondmeat2crgb01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @$!+ $L  #_[0 L4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
  X0DE- ^T
M     ! !+     $  0$L     0 !_^%





N;W)G+S$Y.3DO
#(O
C(M

M;G





#$Y+3 U+3$W5#$V.C R







M2'@X9B\X04%%46=!8T%%04%W15(F(WA!.T%!25)!44U2068O14%A24%!04%(
M05%%0D%114%!04%!04%!04%!449!=TE'05%!2$-!:TM#=T5!06=)1$%114)!



0T(S4%-.94I%9WAD56MW9TI#:&=:2FI:1D=I9&MD


2MF
T]%:%EA2&E);4MI-'E.




8U-J6G)H

2TUY3U):9&]F-6M3:#%H
M

G%S
M.$5E6%9W=%)L=C!H:%=A

Q5W4Q4418
M2W



S9B2&M4



S$S



M5&1#26A'


&UN
E)-;VEI858W
M9V)*5E=694LQ
U R=75563E41V
K1U!C
7AY:54F(WA!.W%#8UIK3G)S5F1I



M1V4F(WA!.VXV1W


V

U


M2W5X5C)+=7A6




V-G@R





35R
&1T-6=S=$M)2ML4G5Z365O
M4LF(WA!.S8O=C1S33)%.#1'45$W




M-&MN3FHR9FDT65@S=59P;U9'*SEL95HW:T]X5C)+=7A6

M=7A6



F%86&%B:%!%3U)C2%!I
M;S)/5$5C

O:2MS
T4V4U)%06-14&A
1W8O


M=34V1G%93EAM1U
F(WA!.U9J=5A.35-.:$QD36UH9S%+

M4$980DY0;WEN1U%*06YL8EA%






V=W8K


M944F(WA!.T)%54]4;7AI04M#=&MK=7A6


M2W5X5C)+=7A6






M2W5X5C)+=7A6


68Y3B\V4S10*V$X5E)7;BM9=DPK
M;WE'3%0Y5'1

F5E0S-G:VYN:U=+0TI3

D%!

68Y3B\V4S10*V$X5F0O:FIY


M8FE/

M

M97EK=E
U:D9Q='A%6F59
DLX03
F(WA!.TQK2V1+67$Q92MA=DQ&:F-V83-U



'A6
DMP8F8K6G9

W


M5%-Q:U9X5D
O-#0X;\Y6]49BMK=40O;79&55AP
G8V1'%B=DAP=7!7=#@X



DLQ<%A&540O04DT.&PO.$$F(WA!.U8O,#,O<$QG+W=#83A69]J:GE8

G%2
W4Y;35M:C1Y:6]7

&UU56QD
M6C515U5E:VAC
4

P;5-0
3=:


M


M839R-2LQ5S8P

Q;'194')
=F
X*TI8;7%52$)73F%T:6PV2B\P2U0U
M


WI(



-V1X
M4FPY:FER
V(X
'9.*VTK8G8K8V1T5#$W5'I31S93
#E316UR4E
F(WA!.W)F





M-4)B
VQL9#AJ3EHF(WA!.VUO2$]
;%9G1C9L3VA(5&9F1F%F6&E/:VE
2D=W
M9$A!6DA5
4),T)1TQ&.&4O.#509BM456XO04]93S(O-&EC5U%:-R]Z:E K

6UB.3E#0V1%;F
W=$=.

U

2FQG2WEA-V8X;W1
='I1
%E$-' S2#AK9&9P3D(F(WA!.S0T


6MM;6-L;60S=49
37A056MN1DPP






%ER
M9%=-.&1X0S(K-W@F(WA!.TU';V99

M


M
&XF(WA!.V57
3


M8C-#

T5I

V

M5V]6;DI

D9A67)4

W-6(V-G4Y
M3S%'8E9'54941% Y5%IF44MT4G%);T9#971A:EDT;V5&9FPS*UI'=651=%5U
M9%
P94
Q;FYU;U F(WA!.W$X:3-A4T]G5&UR

O
M=T%X=BMR9&\O.$%Y2G5V*WEN1F%F549Q261A.'5W:E5)56QH
4LP6#8S0E$K

M
6M$53E7

M





F(WA!.U)6

X6C=B:G-+

$

94UB
%)*26=+;G54
M
4HW;D97568X-5HO*U1'



F)M
M

M8DYT+SA!:S5
:7E$-D@Q
WEU4$Y8-51T;T%)5U
Y
'E!44TS450F(WA!.U)O

U1#
3%E
W K


7)(-5@X


O=T-C:B]Y


M:U0F(WA!.U!90U53:49E9E!K95A
;%=T9#8T;UIH-5AU+WDU;&YU4#A
5&%0
M2D]Q03-8-DQA


M4S%J935&
4]Y
E5587

M9E)T46$V;3!Y-6HY1V$R1VU127!J-TM#;'5P5VPF(WA!.TYU2D9-5E)F+T]/
M9FUE5'DY*UIK1VXS4F%+1%=&8E0U-#)Q3TTY955.5E W6'%
=R]W0FMC5DQ/
M9BMC=V8K;5
O=T
S:\R2S1O1#$F(WA!.T0X:'8O2E-E6&8X06I$3]!3E)%
M;4ML;C)+2'DO=T0Y0VDK62]W1'$O=T)N+W=!:7!C5U9Q.6XO04TT:6%S8FA2

M+S(F(WA!.V8O27%81DYU+W=#:%)F368O5B]S+W=$:U9

W
M3WI:9S=7
$5C3$]/:$UA0F%J-W-73'E$.#
O=T%H9%@X.2MA
#$F(WA!.W4P
M
5

P
M2D1W
C-$

M



35R.'
V6C5N.'98
M
F@F(WA!.V%K;DLP=EEY:DU0=$EW


GIN1D1X2#@R

5EW45169'0X56=V



M=RMO=U1

M:6ED.C(T

M+F1I9#HR-# Y
34T8BTV9&$W+30X
F0M8C

M96YT240^=75I9#HU1#(P.#DR-#DS0D9$0C$Q.3$T03@U.3!$
S$U
#A#.#PO





M;V-U;65N=$E$/G5U:60Z-40R
#@Y
C0Y
T)&1$(Q
3DQ-$$X-3DP1#
Q-3 X
M0S@\+W-T4F5F.F]R:6=I;F%L1&]C=6UE;G1)1#X*( @( @( @( @/'-T






&(W


M/C(P
3DM
#$M
C54
38Z
3 Z-#4M
#@Z
# \+W-T179T.G=H96X^B @( @
M( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/D%D;V)E($EL;'5S






M8RUE.3$Q

M( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IW:&5N/C(P
3DM
#$M
C54
38Z-#
Z
3$M
#@Z
# \
M+W-T179T.G=H96X^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R
M94%G96YT/D%D;V)E($EL;'5S=')A=&]R($-#(#(R+C$@*$UA8VEN=&]S:D\
M+W-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V
M=#IC:&%N9V5D/B\\+W-T179T.F-H86YG960^B @( @( @( @( @(#PO





#$Y
M+3 Q+3(U5#$W.C(Q.C4Y+3 X.C P/]S=$5V=#IW:&5N/@H@( @( @( @

M9V5D/@H@( @( @( @( @( \+W)D9CIL:3X*( @( @( @( @( @



M( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/D%D;V)E($EL;'5S=')A=&]R($-#
M(#(R+C$@*$UA8VEN=&]S:D\+W-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @
M( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/B\\+W-T179T.F-H86YG960^






P
#@S830M-&1F


M=7)C92(^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX^8V]N=F5R






M
#!C+3 U
F
M-#=F.2TY-&$T+65E83 T

M8V5)1#X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C Q.2TP
2TR
M.50Q
SHR-SHT
2TP.#HP

@
M
C(N






M960\+W-T179T.F%C=&EO;CX*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.FEN

34T8BTV9&$W+30X
F0M8C

M.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC:&%N





M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

M0B!865H@!\X  @ )  8 




         $G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

V
3DV-BTR+C$
M                                     %A96B        #S40 !
M 1;
6%E:(                     !865H@        ;Z(  #CU   #D%A9

M.38V+3(N

M8V4@5FEE=VEN9R!#;VYD:71I;VX@:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

+



MCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+(@LYU$+:0N Y@+L O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
 

M#IL.M@[2#NX/0\E#T$/7@]Z#Y8/LP_/#^P01 F$$
081!^$)L0N1#7$/41
M$Q$Q$4\1;1&

2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%



'/4='AU''7 =



M4#B
.

M?4/ 1 -$1T2*1

M2:E)\$HW2GU*Q$L


%JX8.AG*&UX<[AY^(!(AIB,Z),XF9B?Z*9(K*BS+EHO\C&.
RHTQC9B-

MEW67X)A

MV*%'H;:B)J*6HP:C=J/FI%:DQZ4XI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6

MM\LVR[;

O53M71



B
6-XBX44(D55;6

E8I:!4Y
TU#4FD7)Y.H*2TT2T=8:F9Z?G$0$  @$ @8&!@8$
M0@' @\  0(#$00%!B$Q05$2!V%Q@3(3

5,&DK+PHD-3

E51?C5)2D&/'21.0U92:$M

(0A!Q:U:UFUIB*Q&LS/5$=\N)F*Q-K3I6'3NS=Q'!.G^L
MEV'ESCZQN*





(




MII





=.CZ_2O\ %YG\YX_?W-+]
M/Z6+%]'W:5_Y?2Y_B?

M
TDE]AM@\
/'Z80C&/H]'7[+T6T_F3XE33\]PK!D[_AYK8_[V/+_ (='I3&#


MW=_KM6-.6'2







/ N(:1LMYMLEI[*Y*3;^SKXH]L.T'HDP
M
M
M
M
M
M                                                        ^5FL

MWO=GL

M)F]=^G;/H_KZ

UHX_6*T9X^B'2^_^/2'

M]%I\..?[;#K=?-3NYH5J''7%%M0C,WL^4W7.5;J$T/]6-; 8*C9QDC/ICX



MQY;UKZIK%O#


M^8/#M(W&?!O

\_H9XG#
[X;Y@<I<3T
MKCW=

8?#+&
&1


5H
MMCGJF)UB?5
=#V51W
M
M
M
M
M

M98JC6GDA+&:C
+VQ28[8F6 O(GF+]PNYQN;;7;[<<8JMUDDH:QC:=UE_41A'XM?

MU]-(I]NN-.*^:?-&_P!:;6V/:89[

M!M.2CXO]OV+
9#

WUA;74TD81A+?6
A(\/XOQ3A5_B<-W&;!;7]\UB?7$3I:/1





Q/LED+

Q+ZRY5P
M
M
M
M
M
M                            'YFFEDEFGGFEEDEEC----&$LLLLL.LTT

1&L]$03





M3.Y.\RU_5]



M(B/3

HXPTR:\PW%N
N.3
[



_(Q?N\



M]U'


MLTQ
3&L=
2R7$Q
:QU/TY
M
M
M
M
M

L:QK';
M2GBMK&EO!KJQSS/YD\%X%XMMLYC=\2CH\-)^Y6?U[]
:Q^&NMNC2?#KJA5YH

A&YWS9*DV(I5HUL=J6(A4QNK8N/H\


M^9
OCXEEGX$3K7'7[N.OJKKTS^M:;6].CHEXUYP

TLM72-EJU[G'4



MNZ]

MQV5KUSZYTK';
(.NX?ONY0YG]OUW6IZW'?'MQXZ$V'Q-W/\ +V;M8](1AL6=

[#@=NCP4M^\R1_T








C2(S1T[BD?K3
Z9HC]:8OV^.W15EKE;S4XAP[P[/C


Q6)M:=*PXF8B-9Z(A&'W
^
6






:EWD+J
DT]+'X





6K:/1
?1


M
M
M
M
M
M    

MAA

MUJE2?K




M\3%;2


M
M
M
M


]]UNKVR;C);6UK3K
S/;
OD+90


M:K4N.EOF):-.::OF-4J5YH5;ZQFEIQJ5;:

M;:-IG\.VYBI7[^&9Z+Z1TWPS/3:O1K:O3;'U3XJZ7MLYR;SUL.:

8
OAP\8

M
M
M
M
M                                                           #
M^1C6$8QC$(0C&



9IIIIH]8QCZ8Q:L3
MVF;6F9M
]
L%S
S.L]
R_+AP
M                         ^CB
QE=?REAF\'D;W$9C%W5*]QV3QUS5L[Z
MQNZ$T)Z-Q:W-:2K1JTYH=81EC*OM=UN=CN:;S9Y+XMUCM%J7K
UM6T=4Q
M=

MUOID(5[';-SL9JEO7VWQR3T+G#86K&$E:CK

3$Q.DQ
M=4Q/9
=DN:VM2T6K


ME4K5Z]:I+2HT:-*6

M_PC_O\ [/7&6U[8C
M                       ?V$8PC


M
M
M
M
M
M             !_(QA+,8QA$(1C&
8](0A#TQC&
?1$('5TSU$;OD[T9

M                                                         _L(
MQA&$81C,(PC
(](PC#TPC,/3

MFG;3?5H4YMQMZ




[:)Z/E]?CB





4C]..B(C)6/F5[8^_7H\44

M
M
M
M
M

9:]-H_R-)[?V[?H1V1]^=/NZP$S

9IIIIH]8QCZ8Q:43
VF;6F9M
M]

M                           ?8U[8





M
M
M
M
M



M                                    [(XEY4VOAG?
)O\ I]UZC*8B



]KIYY9!
M
M


=$Q
3K$]S;##FQ;C%7/@M%\-ZQ:MHG6)B

M
M
M
M
M                          #^1C6$8QC$(0C&


]:PA'ITN(ST81C-5HR0V=\B/
3X&6O)'&+_N;S
[2]I]
MVTZS;!
SV6Z;8_UM:=

S@M/9;KG%KW6Z9I^MK7]
M*L)F6V#/8
M
M
M
M
M                    -CS.YC_IQJ

M

;S'^]M






6;I-$T.O2



M
M
M
M




M2

M
M
M
M
M                                                          PS

&';8:;
M?;TKCV^.L5K6L1%:UB-(B(CHB(CHB(Z(ALMBQ8\&.N'#6*8J1$5K$:1$1T1$
M1'1$1'5#W%5W
M
M
M
M

MUJL\824Z5*E)&:::


6[O#2R=X+PBW$

3^S6SIYY9!

E,L]78;RK\F\W')Q\P\UX[8^]%L6&=:W
Z;=L8Y[.J;]

LE*A;T*4

MC/ N7*\ V=].(\2\5;:===O'1DGT?$F8QQKUUG)ITU8L\U.8IX7P:.$[:VF\
MWFL3WUQ1[\^CQS

M          'NXW&9'

MT;W!\=SQHWF)P=66
BLK,(0EA$(0A$(0A$.D(0AZ(0A'HA$
M&RG5T1U
T/Z
M
M
M
M

MBI.3)
5QUB9F9ZHB.F9GT1#5T[D^8KOG3F#:]\GGK0P]6Y^2-2M*WBEC8:IB
MIZE#$4O53^FA6O99I[RO)UC6ZN:O3T='SIY_P:LO.7-.YXU
S^4FW@PUG]
M'#36*1IV3;IO:.R][-.^;./7YCX[FXE.OP)GPXXGLQUZ*]'9
]-K1^*TNB7C
M'G                                       $S/8'VA7.&GQW.W)V*G
_+/D:^:\Q\

M]9-;W%ULW@CTJ20Z0EUR
WIA/#K+\'7I-+[7S\WL;7R^R8)G_P 3N\./UZ3.
M;O\ ^BU[?5VQZ3S7W
8.4;XO\]N

]/\ 2UZVC;6

D1^CW9(Z.RWAG3Q8&L

;@                /;M+


M7=?YO)_9G_D?+K4:UO5GH7%*I0K4X^&I1K4YJ56G-\/AGISPEGECZ?@C!;WI






2E]MDQ<Q\YXX^-72V':VZ?#/7%\\=6L==<79T?$Z=:1G
M?D7RTMAO3C'



77ICTA_L^/M[BMZ8Q]'H7FRX=Q

L@M:[


MIO

.GKC+:ENCNTU]&KT^TY!YOWFDXMCEK$_YSPX]/7&2

98P\4(1A&/K]G_+YSWN-)W%]AMX[?'EO:?^KQWB9_K1'1UO0[?R


8RX[ YC*2PJ



M30M.;LC1K]9?#4N- MKJE'6'BA-1I[?:3S1C+\']9#I'_3\XR?RU;6:Z8N
M
9(OWSMHF/HC/7[5:_DO@FOW.(7BWIPQ





8PA'UW+?(G-?-EX_@FSRY-O
Z3EM'@PQIUZY+:5F8[:UF;=T2]!P;E


MK3UC%0O
;J-G7EA+--+=W


M=MBK@V]*X\%(TK6L1%8CNB(Z(A]!750
M
M
M
M


3U3'=+B



M
S^K%J=6E*]



C)3DA+
M))+_ .D(/14I6E8I2(BD=41&D1[$Q6M:QX:Q$5CLAY79R]'(8O&9:C&VRN.L











MIIIIH])9998=8QFC&/H@1$S.D=
R1$S.D=;*#C3LV[A^4I*%YA= OL'A;B
L


MTM_E

M7C[RL




DV
MI$_LUKW]?2]_P[D+E/AL1.+9X\F2/TLNN69].E]:Q/[-8^EDGC\;CL3:4K#%
M6%EC+&A#I1L\?:T+*THPC\

G6



M.2^5-UTY=AMHF?PTBG]SPNF


&XV_^CSY)[O\ .SE_PF?1I ;CRKY/
+K&$(?
M9C&7RV[_ );.*TU_(\4V^3_28KX_[MLOI_PGH@MQY
[^O_A=]AO^WCM3[+9'

MQU0V7RRY_P /O\)WLZ_AIXO[NJ.OR3S9C][A^Y]E?%_=U? N.W#N#M:LU&IP
W!^)
MZ^C:YK1]-:3'UK:W*G

DQ]
\_\



M:Q6(K6(BL1I$1V/([.0
M
M
M
M


.NZ4?

3'KA1S[?
M!NL4X-S2F3!:-)K:(M68]



M
SWXKZZ1W1COCCT
?P3XJ:^FEM=/56U(8);SY97.6O

_J:5*^GUC-U(2^F6-6QS?3#T8U(?!TR
_2/7KTAZ8X:XS_

\9O.4N9




7_:37

)+;$8NKC:L:?IA-

M;8*]L3:U[?16LU_QV4NB^5OQUB;BSN^0.0=DW'U

NIH1A--


MO68_N
:-H\M_N5P



_Q?BPI6
5^#3&3'@^/N8_3S:7G7OBND4B8[)BNL=_0RTEEEDEEDDEEEDEEA++++$L

M&OA









C+&


MFX_FC!CG_)X]+7]4WG[E9]47A)WQ;VS\(\.R4*FD:%B+;+4821CLF5IS9S99
MZLL)835I

?Y6\?



M]WLWI
M
M
M
M


MG7\P_

1

,9IIIXPR9Y%\]5X[P*.6M_?_P+

8*6;!@W%/A[BE+T[K1%H^B=5/)BQ9J^#+6MJ]TQ$Q];




7\<:8]ALZQZ
&./LJYCC=0U


L:E7#33^&7[$

M?OG:X)GZ9QK._+7+F2?%?A^RM;OG!BG_FO'3[?.!*






M3KC26MWFGS17BG$8X)L[:[+:6GQS'5;-U3[

4V'#

ST1'3

M7^6Q3$VGT9
T3

N3PUZ_@XYZ?5?)'1'IBFOH


M?#AQTM:T]U:Q
S/LB&I[R)NN2Y&WO;][R\8PR&V;#E

M&C&:


MW6BT1WV]H]*                                      CG[WN\*QXFP



MOS#YZQ\$V]N#\+OKQG)72UH_R-9CKU_SDQ[L==8^_.GW8M ?---/--//---/
M--&::::
9IIIIH]9IIIH]8QFC&/IBTJF9F=9Z9EK5
S
ZSUOX#.[MP[$.1^:




ME82V=3KUCTO8=(?9AAGSUX__  ?D;)LL4Z;KB&6N&._P1]_)/JFM8I/^D]L8




M;F$LD)Z^I9&OZNGDZ=::

=-GGM79\P

E*[?+
;?B^FDX[3T7GOQ6


D:E6M6JU(RTZ5*E3EC----&$)80ZQ]#

=)R9)BN.L3
S
Z1$1TS
S/1$1'7+K:U:5F]YB*1&LS/1$1'7

]2I-'K+2

MB(Z;6F8K6(F;3$1

=LNZR3I6M8UF?^2(ZYF=(B.F9B(3A=
ML/E^ZIQK#';GR[)CMUWVG-2O++!0A[7J.K5Y8RU*



M
M
M
M
M
M                                            @;\S;D2.Q\S8+0+6

L8S?Z6E_P#
+QV=_P V

)<-KT1&
M6TQFK'=7-$3
_P#K*Y)[(FL

7<SL=W/Z&YCP1KU=&6)MBT_:O6=.G2
M.G3
F3!;JM68M6
M?5,3,3['N\67%GQQEP6K?%/5-9B8GU3'1+W594
M        ?*SF=PVLXC(9_8<I8X7XJVGO
EE










O%
D?O
NGM\
M%.V*1/MM/3;LK7*QDE[0
M
M
M
M
M




V:]HU[*S
^&/972/8Z\02+

M
/1&'1(\.XSQ?@^7XW=UN-MEUZ\62^.9]?AF-?:O-GQ'B'#K_$V&?-AOWTO
M:GT^&8U9.ZKW[=T&KRTZ,W(%/9+2E-:%KM6 PF5FGZ0Z1A4R5.RM


M-/7-Z_1I[5_3SDX-

9R7-8F^TXI%NW3'@F/I_
1K]$

MK;__ .R[?_6+EG_

/IUM1FZ

M[NUW4V]/PX^OQS]C


M1A,(PC
(PZPC/HC
(^B


M7BW7%JQI2\]UZQT=/XXTMKTSXNIK][#@
QJF=S&L[!8UL9G
!DKW$9;'W'A]

(32QFDFAZ98QA&$6D6^V6ZX;O



?3[.XUZUQ

8RUS.1MY*=2XL





M
M
M
M
M                                                      #&GO W

M/:5Y6M^LOAJW%CLF*H6U:


M                &N;YA&/QUAW2;M/80DDJ9#%:CD


M
M
M
M
M
M                                              13^:=NL;+2.
^/
F.L^VM8GVNJ]-URZW';]5U*RA/&\VC8\)KUKG$9_:
M,UDK;'48RPC







M
M
M
M
M

I4GFJ5*DTT\\\\T9IYYYHQFFGGFFC&:::::/6,8^F,7S'F9M,VM,S:
M9Z9:2S,S.L],R_+AP               _L(QA&$81C
(PC,(](PC#TPC

?ZRVOXU








=U?T8GWK:1I


TTTT8QFFC&
6A63)DS9+9LUIMEO
M:9M
SK
S
ZS
S/3
S/3
M5+WODO.3)
VR6F9F9Z9F9Z9F9[9EWEVV\*9/GKE
M?7]'M9+BEA9:D



M&WU\66T?HXZ^]/KGHK7]:8;0F.Q]CB
?8XK&6M&QQN


MG_%M
^SMZGC/

6G;X+S\6D^K[]JQ^Q


                   =5\S



ZVF9M
S.HG&N
;WCW$LG$]_;7/



1&
MV'(_*F/E;A7P\ND\3S:6S6CLGLI$_AIK/3VVFUNJ8B



WR3FZ.?Z^JA+&;P1P4

MMIYII(3PC:ZCO]]3\
9II80C5LM4N*4L_66/Q8S0FA#I'ITC#K$Y/.;RTQ6\


FFEEARQ+
M,TT)81FT?DB27K&/2'BGGT^6267_ $QC&$(?94X\ZO+*9T_B?_XONO\ W#K'
MF5R3,Z?G?^IS_P#NGWK;O4[7;NKC2Y@P$D\98S=;FPV&RI=)?AZU[S#4*
)


M8GN1[?\ -^&.YHXRJ5*D))J=XW3 8^ZG]9)&I62TR%]:W,T\LDL?%+3Q

WO3)7OK:+1]
M4R^HN58
M
M
M
M
6\]GXJU[8GI[HF&*_-[<?Y8QX8Z\N[I'LB



MA.PW+;'                  /C;%L.$U+!9;9MDR5KA\#@[&XR66R=[/&2V
MLK*UIQJ5JU2






N;1XZ:_M4UM[9I6&<.H[[I&_6$,II&VZ[MEA&66::YU_,
M6.4DH^*,80DN9;.O5GM:L)I8PC)4A)/+-
(PA&$8


M                                    #KWDWE+1^']4OMSW[-V^%PUG


INO#M^$;*)]Z^XO
?LQAK7T]/CM]$]?9@_


DUW8V]S)#)X^
F'Q:D?3!-\M<9R




E8M68ZIK:-8F/1

M


M;RW+O!

M /A&*WWK1/SKQV^FE9]WLM/W^G[ND=;!+%@  #L_5.%.7]YA3J:CQEO6P6]6



)HRPZPA'K#K[K8^
V^2D?56;6^


M^.._3%

M
WPQA+-&$/L1^!=3_+1.D^'C6MO]DT__ 

UQ+'Q3=.G2

S^3_

ML_7CT_QO^5TMLG8KW1:UI4J\8W.9MJ?CZ7.MYO7LW&K2:
.M.PM
I-EX^*



M8].L:%]85J%S1C'I_JS07.SWN\X?GKNMAFRX-U7JOCM:EH]5JS$Q[)5MON=S
MM
L9]IDOBSQU6I::VCU3$Q


?
3Y_T2-&TV6]Q7)N&IQDDFH;3;0MLW2H
M2]/%+:[%B9;6YGKS]/\ W+VG?1]

T:9(C

W#=*;NU-YMX[
D:7T]%ZZ3KZ;Q=(UQ;YC' ^]^SV.V
MU




M?1DK]MZTAG5B

GB+ZUR6/NJ?\ ]4MKVSJUK:O)

3&G/WFAP'D7!.'+
;CCMJZTV])Z8UZK9;=
8Z=VL3:WZ-9C68\7
MS7SQPKE?%..\_&XI






M\[O









MKV8]S'_M


MO+

M
NF6^Q6LL9*=3:-


M.KO/_GW:_CX5R/T5Z:VW=HZ9_P!!2T='^DO&OX:1
19@[FSS6FWBV'+'17IB




S
S/7
S/3
SWR]-24TX'E7Y6-;C'DW



M
M
M
M


MLN5]7&:

MO\PF?XW/E
;!C%X                 2_P K[;*^+YFW#49JL9;#;-%K7L:/CA%
M7+:SE;&K83QDC-$\:6.RM]\$(S0\7^CJV!_EUXG?;<V;KA<S^YW6RFVG??%


DV9A



]?WK:SV







MEZ\:^5RD\OAATFN*U6;T0]+8'@?+/+_+6#\OP+:8-MCF-)FE?O6_;O.M[^NU
MIEEKAG!.$\%Q?!X7M\6&G;X8^]/[5IUM;^M
NPTZE              &./*/





?[N^O?

MA;9FWDFP62N(_%^-6DQM/I&/^B'7 7

D?




M7$]\
U.(^_CGSB_V7'Y/-4N2-;H0ITHXG=IJ]YD:-O+&'BEL-GI3R9JE5\$(
*2K0KT9IZ56E/+'K:
M6
81@S%CRX\V.
N&U;XK1K$Q
3$Q/5
3'1

6I
:Q
3K$QWQ
M



M8B

V;Q\1R?N(G6N*O1CKZJ]L_K6F

MQC]CK'])M-_+3G_ /WQMIG_ .ZVB/\ 7Q:=?[/]':SIY+9?_P!XX9G_ #%H
MC_6Q/]'^&J89M.SJ
M
M
M
M
M           UU_,1N:M?NCVVE4FA&2SP&FVU$)80\-*;7;*[C+&
(0C-'U]

M)^V98/,/L=@                 ,XO+MNJEOW1:I2I^'PWVO[E:UO%
8PI



-LZ?6
?!;
M6-E2H6U6,T8QC66'6








D6X'O



M6
LWA\




M*T

=&E



?
MF)Q_C\6P5M^5X?/^3QS
3


7-*G5A&


M
M
M
M
M                                                     -;COY_:
MSY7_ /Z%_1KIK07SK_\ ^F\3_P#Z?_\ M
#5#S+_ .-M[_ZG_L
3#UBQX4



RUQ@=MU_
ZSFK6
/:

D\;:]I4:L

G2T1.D]D]4
M]<,6[O9;O89YVV^Q9,.XKUUO6:S]$Q'1W3U2^ LEL^ABLOEL%?V^5PF4R.&R
M=I/I:Y+%7MSCK^VJ0]





W7D70^.





_M5GLFXW&'URYFGA'4=1A5U_7XT9_AMKR2A
M7J9/

V*
M
M
M
M


M;KC)BCV5V^*L?5$-2_
6\WYSWTVZ_%CCZ
6.(^J&)S&;Q0




M                                      '#=VX\T;DC$S8/?-3P6UXR
M/BC);9K'T+R:VJ30Z1KV-Q/+[5C[F$/@JT)Z=2'V)D5Q?@7!N/[:=GQK;8=S






3#+C0._;N5T.









#E\?F+7XT.L/]HQ]Q


M/HCZZM2A






MQT'%UX321LM%QTN

L.D(U[R]JUKBK
NU




M
M
M
M

WK+[0=5OJ




SV1#BUHK$VM
16(U



M$O\;\QN6.#1..,WYG=1^AATMT^F^O@CIZ)^]-H_BSY&\Q7N!V_/TKW2\C8

_B[R?(UH?T8R4:-K;S2Q]-*
?C-


CLN*]14
MM8V&;O
9;5\C;36E6







/3!4PYLV


7GKAL1&T



&.._P#S48_\(CTZ^@V_FGSA@^9FQ9OV\5(_N13_  CUNU
5YI7
M=$L,SH/&N1A



TUZ?;CM

M]9M$7X+
4[9C=ZS]'Y:-?IA7KYTUU^]PV8KZ-QK]7P8^U^:GFOTX5)X4N!IY

L)YH0CZ.L?A+?S+U\4^'@LS7



M#&UYJ?Q9H=9/[0QSTL8PC'K\:$WIA#['6$?.;OSY\P]S$_!S;;;_ .CP4G3_


MJ
\M2

.G2
81\GO_ #

=_

MCTCUC&E+Q]JUG&
T/]6;UUK/Z/\ 1TC]EH1YVX[4\R^(VMU7KMYCU?EL-?MB
M6J7F92:\Z[R9ZK1AF/\ 4XX^V)8:L4O!@                   .0ZUMVU:



.R5*5.$(2S7UOA

T\8QCUC'
MTQC&/ML/FSYBX

5?!7?Y9B.^*6GZ;5

(0C#UU[JEQ6A+Z/1+XO##[$/
M2N\?G/YEXJ^&O$[3'IP;:T_3;#

O8_P#/GNS_

/L.)\ZO
V8T_B?







M2I3J4YX1DGISR1C,(PC
(](NMJUO6:7B)I
:3$]




1_5M/



?86U:\OKV[N)Y:5UM
M+2WDJ5[FXKU)H2R222S3331A$(Q5

M69F9Z(B(UEWQ8LF;)7#AK:^6TQ$5K$S
S/5$1'3

M9$.Y'JT\                                           X?G./- V:
M

?3TZ^E



MZ1I^'-N*_P!W-&OM1]_+GDO)IXMC7H[LF:OV9(?'N_+][4KF$D*/'%Y81DC-

MWU:+>_EER7?W=I:OJS9OZ
T*UUO&_25)98R


16M8B(B(

.VYDWVWV]*X\%-SDBM:Q$5K$6G2(B.B(CNATL\D\^
M      EB\JBTA/MO
-_XINMMKNJVD)80^)&%]D\M6C---\
)I8X^'2'V81C_
3%-=[O\ +W8L<?3:T_\ -33MM6?P
M
M
M
M
M                                                      $GF?X
M^:UY_P!:O80J1I9/BS!5?'-X?!XM=EV^TJTJ?2$(])*-.E-'KU]
_\ ^#2S




34A6Q6R83%9_&5H1A&%7'YB
MQH9&RJ0C#T1A4MKB6/\ ]-]-N'[W!Q+88.([6==MN
-
E)[ZWK%JS[8F&[&T




M

G[1DZLL.D(1A-+-UC'T=-ROY<]K
VY[^M\

WC)6/^DPSU1W3..]IGO\$=T,P^3W%/@<7W'KS]S<8HO7]O'/5'KK:TS^S
M'H3CMPVQ                                                   #








L81]$7TEB8F-8Z8EN;$Q
:QU/TY



M::M&MAY?!'6/CZ=(1^/AO
O8?Q/D'BNUB-9C9WR1&FNLX=
T:1WZTC3TO+


8UY\OJT\^ N[FY]
?Z_(0Q



4:Y;
MVBL1WS
Z1'TR[X\=\N2N+'&M[6B(COF9TAMTX#$6^OX+X&TC-KA
3CL1;1

MV&

M'?Q7GGA6STUK.]QWM'?7%/Q;Q_9I.KTG)^S_ #_-&PVVFM9W-+3'?6D^.W^+

M
M
M
M



M    


M52AXK?1]*S^6IW

M:XQ^7NXP^#K)3G]/V(YQ_E^X7



@
M
M
M
M

MV



MZA.                                                 -6_NC_:



W]^6G7./_%7$/\ :\G]Z70SQ;S8            #9F[+])C


(PC&$81A&$8PC,.D81AZ(PC

^[UIVDV/CA=;9LV$UZE/3A
U'




M




KQQR

M#^8_@


MSAO/IC6]/;



E8_'2O8])RGQ[)RYQS#Q&)

C&
L)
MJ
8V


+ECDK!
\6SQ;?376N#'I
M;-;N^[KI2L]ELDUK/3I
ST/

M=
ST(IJ'?1RES'S_ 
0V$MQ#1.-YN4](MJVJ8:]KPFR./N]FQ]K4J;7F9):%
MSFO54:\9XT)9*%E&





MQ_B?4D@9[96
M
M
M
M
M          8R=X7&



WY[86Y?W=M=UMHUQZ]=L6O5Z9QS.G[-JQ'NRD\;#LO

.K)#TO*<S\[<L\H8/C<=W5





S/?

S/?
STS





M




+9;6LWW.;)6E*]]KS%:Q[9F(5MO@R


)GE[CN^

-]8[ICJ

MDDO\5?4ZEM$8R^.2

(RS6-M:5I(QC#ULT&N_-/GSS;QOQ;?@



MC3^I6LQWRP#R&1R&6O;K)Y6^O

M:I'TQFGFC-&/PQ83SY\^ZS6W&YO?)N+SK:UIFUK3/7


MZ%?:_P#BL?\ I*_;#;Q?4-O$      C+\SSD;Y XGU;CFTN827N_['[?DJ$L
MW6:?7=2EHWM22K)+--.%;/WEA/3C-#I-[//'6
(QAKW_
1Q[\ERUMN XK:




T]?@MXZ?JUBD=J
MX\I^._Q#@=N$YK:[G9VTCOG%?6:_V9\5?1'A[TC;/+*H     #5O[H_VC.;/
MRD[7]UKA\YO

\6\V



MKNLD:[?9UG)/=X_=QQZ]9F\?L-AIO.VB
M
M
M
M



?BT-@C+3L:\L(1ZU?9Y^LLLD_BSMY


38?)N-L+B3[$M6M?4^L/

MO%'W\L^N



^@[;@     !JW]T?[1G-GY2=K^ZUP^


MB&\GD5RU_ ^3*\2SU\.]XE?XTZ]?PHUKACU37Q9*]?1D]D;/^5O!?X9RW&\R

M
M
M
M
8^VN*
*V]B*XYPO%QOA&XX7FT\.;'-8F?T;==+?U;1%O8U3\SB,A
MK^8RN!R]M/9Y79*^Q&3M*G_ +EKD
;=5;.]MJG_ 
_0N:
TL?\ U@^:^[VN
M?8[K+LMU6:;G#DM2]9ZXM29K:)]4Q
-




MS3U*D\T82R222PC&

?1!&;CCG!-I_
W?QFA?<U<:S3R1Z3
MT\?MN'S%62;UD:49)Z6(N;ZI)4EGA\:6
(32P]
80AZ4#NO
/D79]&;B_#]8

+J6V5H^GP1ATN;W#6-A-&



Z-OM]1V\H
M  #BN\[9C]#TO;-URL8?)VIZ[F=BNY?%2:M1Q&/N+Z:WI1C/6O


B'P/H=Y8\R_P#FGDO9

S
L     :M_='^T9S9^4G:_NM</G-YC?\ 'G%_]X9O[\M.N<?^

?1!])=

M1ZHZ'O*RH
M
M
M
M





D]5;1/T3JV^WU';R@


D;C8Y?!D\45B)G6]=::6F
M9B)I

MH5)M[UJM6\-S;U*5:C+4LZ%62:
L?C0F\
?1&+%OG/N\NS\N=_DP7OCSS;;Q
M6U9FLQ/YC%
]

=/IEJU?B&_R?,SYK:=][3]LO@W-U=7E6-:\N:]U6
MC+6-6YK5*]6
LO]&6-2K--/X9?L0Z^A9Y
F3+;QY;6M?OF9F?IE;7O?)/BO
M

M99))981FFFFFCTA'IC%=\/B;;_!6L:VG-3^]XVD3.ZQ1'3
Y*_;#;O?4)O



 E8\KKD^.

<7_ -X9

M3XU9(0A&THU:%YLV3H^*

6ZYP


1?'/S7F%Q2;SI7?X<V6.G


(1GJU




45T[/'?[]Y^B:5GTU1Z
&L7@.TN




LMWE\C4JW5;IZ(U:TT8/I+R]

9XTH7O*W


M ;







3$QI
3'7$QV3';#42
MU;4M-;1
-U<                          -J#MONZ=[V^<
M(5Z?CC'$_']M-&I#I-&K9:MB[.O'X9NLL:U:




M\_%NQ_V0Y







R(F6U%Q5QQ@^)./=5X[UV3IC-9Q=.SA7FDA)5R%]4GGNLIE;B66,80N<
MKDZ]6XJ0AZ(35(PAZ(0@^D/+7 =GRQP/;<V$?\ =]OCBNO;:T]-[SZ;WFUI
M]

VGUNP4XE
M
M
M
M

/\ YAV5-.%\1M-K:1T4W'7DC_UGS8[[3DB(TJUH\TN6
MOX5Q?^+[:NFQWDS
Z=5




M+H^J9VI'UGK)H5LK@K&]KR3S^B





M/K9/8^M/T?\ N0AZ8?##)?D]@_


M
(QFV*A91A/P].GHCZ891\FN+_PGSV

;W/EQQ#

YL_*3M?W6N'SF\QO^
M/.+_ .\
W]^6G7./_%7$/]KR?WI=#/%O-@       )BO+-X$FIT\IS]L=E+
M-:6^UKCR6O)

\.DW26[EC#PS2QCM3_+YR5X:

MV^^$O[:1G
M
M
M
M
M                !U+SCQ+A.;N





:3'0X^LEL                         V4

9^O2'HJ1M_%'V.O3TM__ ;R


M3_F4WVN?A/#:S[M
^6T?M3CK7Z/#?Z6!_.?=:Y=ALX[*Y;S[9I6O]VWTHAVK

V*IV\\)

)_6W%_R#=230A+Z


M?
7;Y/\ -8


-_P8LMO\2:^SWOZ.UL2-ZVT@

?@A!
MTR9*8L=LN68KCK$S
SU1$1K

SU1$=

M4-\Y N9JL?[4[-E

MZZWE]/2/3_0N^'[W+PW?X.(8/GX
U




M*^V9O?[+0CS8








3$QI
3'=

MW.HY?UN:T7

?

M[&^M\-I[:3/5
_BI/W;=_1;2(M#&YX%Y


M7XG($4TT\&]S5]?12VOH][3V-G?*:_CY3BNGN[G)'K]V?Z=&?[-S)@  #63[


8]9
MH_/7S8WW\0\Q.*Y]=8KN(Q?ZFE

M8Q





5L^3]K)/@I$^FM:6GU9
M&O\ YQ\5^)O=KP:D_=Q4G+?]J\^&L3Z:UK
^JZ*!K2PL     GJ\L398Y7@C


M0_



MI4AZNO9V


M]YL&MX6SP
M
M
M
M

Z/FJT/#\GYVE1C


M




_;



_TN$HA'LZ_+FV&.


MB?\ LVP\WI;1@  ()/-(NXS\X:/8^$(6_%.,NX5/%Z9HWFW[C1C)&7ITAG

MU*VC7RV?O9*

' ^&5T




MCHR1'?2.BW?3IZ/#.L*;4AK^                       G)\K*O3FXEY&M




U]NK6?S<OXN:JUUU\.TQQZOO9)T^O7VH\V




M*V!JZ[@IX1CM+F=GGDP5G7MH0C+UKX^%]/=0^Q6A&
81A#I'PGF9Q[_P N
M\C\0XC2WAW


7-:VM:*UB9M

M0YB)M

9;BPU:E/'K

Q;RL3DUZ\./KKA


5B9SG
M9C9%
M
M
M
M


81A&$81A%Q:M;5FMHB:S&DQ/5


8_P#XT&VW

=^[7

\MSMN/RW*?$
G?MK4_P!9]S_G-7Y\[&GX#ZV
MR]?7\]A

8PFATA-1EC#K'X


MQK-
VU9_
M
M
M
M

U#.:/N.-IY37M@LI[.^MYNDM6G&/



M[?.0K[3L]+5O


33HO3LGT6CJM7LGT3$ST2\:\X





L-6*7@P               &TMVR8VEBNW?A



M:\LT.L(PJ^B
8=(Q^?GF[QS^.\_;[-2WBV^WO&WIZ(P_=MI/;$Y?B6CU]K4K
MS!XI_%.;-UDK.N'#;X-?5C^[;3T3?QS[6*3&KQ8     #
SL R%&Q[JN.9*\


M$(0;XX
&':X:;;;4KCV^.L5K6L1%:UK&D1$1T1$1T1$=3:C%BQX


M
M
M
M





M2G4EA
MJ'_


KD;J:

M#:Y-]O+UQ[3#2U[VGJK6L:S
^J(4=QN
.TP7W6YM%-OCK-K6GJBL1K
SZH:K

M%C/+'IZ'S=YNX[/
W
V]X[






MZXYN9C7%CGX=9_3RVZ
=(_:MIKIU5UMU1*$YBXS@X!P?/Q3-

7=:I<75W7JW-S<59HSU:]Q7J35:U:I/'TS5*M

T8Q^&

S
SUS
SK


M;V:]ITXTJL(0CUISQ@D^\5W' ^+[;C.U_\ $;7/3)6.J)\%HGPSZ+1'AGT3
M*^X;O\W^(8.(X/G8


MI7MM&;PPN+2K'K3O

V2YI5)
M<-AJ$L)I:L_M-U$U:

]
M.3+
3\/'';TS[VGNTBUNJLH/F/CFVY=X1EXGN)C6E=*5G]/)/NUCMZ9Z].JL

M^L7S?W&?-NMQ?=;BTVSY+VM:9ZYM:9F9]LS

M9]LO24E



M
M
M
M
M


M1

UG[T:]
6UQ=EUK/:=G\M


99H1


'+BK^&EYB8M2/T:7CHZ*
MUO6L1#)G*GF7Q+@&O#]]3\UPVO16)G3)CCNK;28M6.RMHZ.B(M6L:
^[7S-

]6GUA-#I#


E6E/,LTL?L1A







M[$Z3



1
8.
ML/
=@                .VN&.:MZX(W*VW31;^G1NH4X6F5Q5[)/7PVP8N:

9^'[O3[T6I;-CU_5OBK:\Q^UC






V ]3G]1


1$6K:(KIZ[E7G+BG


M7\980NK7
Z]D

L]2A0GC&
(QIRPZQAM!PGS



MA=HDS^YW=*WQV/A6H:YJ^


<  =D\3<4[
MAS1O&(T/2K&-UE
G4\=S=U9:T

7%&E5C:8VREGAXIND9IYYI

0V6.!^#=0X!T*PTK5:
M

O2.RM==*UTCIG69VTY;Y=V/+/#
M:\/V4:VZ\EY][)?3IM/='X:]58Z.F=9GNAZU/@
M
M
M
M
M                                                         
(.


SI;

:SF
E




MA\I;*(
M            #G7&W&^W\L[CB-&T?%5
KGLO5\-.3K&G:6-I3Z1N\IE+KPS2
M66
L:4?'5JS0CTATEEA-/-++-


0V0^VOMQU/MST
MF7 XB

!V;XCGRPK;GJ


M

M              '.^-N-MPY:W#$Z-HV)JY;.Y:KTEEAUIV=A9TXR^UY7*W?A



S'^IL=EH6LL8T
)LL))9O%#P0]7;
MWD(1K6W66$WCI0]7#$7F=Y6;#G?:VXAL8K@YFQTTIDZJY8CJQY?LK?WJ=$3K


Q
2UAWNRW7#MU?8

M                                     =E\3\2;SS5N%CI.A8F;)92Z
MAZ^[N:LWJ



]%



?$

LQ]

M
M
M
M
M                                                  
6NYKM7TKN




YLF1DD
M\$U[D[J227XDG6
*-O)X:%O+&

MF6WXKS_=K&E:QU1TS



M
M
M
M



M-AP['7%M:=41VSVS
STVM/;:9F9[W
DLOP
M
M
M
M
M


MXCP:+9^%=
S7KR8H].GOTC\4=
1[T:1-ICH8'8K


S
M/1$1$=
S



M
M
M
M
M

MZD]*G2DFDUW
7
81_K*4OLE:I'K5DDFFJ5V /

ZVMB


MI5J4T]&K)&$TDTTL81:@\4X3Q+@F^OPWBV')M]]CG2U+QI

UM

W5MEO\ '?%NJ3TUM&D^ONF)[)C6)CIB9AQE'K0
M                                           !V9Q5P_R#S3LU+5./

M
O;/56D?BO;JK'USU1$ST)Y^V3LIT'@.C:;'F?9MVY/]5XJFS75M&&-P$]63





5F-
^6/U:S'[NL_CO&L]$UI
3XHR
MGRGY8\1XQX=[QCQ;7AL]
5TTRY(]$3[E9_%:-9[*S$ZIO./.-='XIUNTU/0-



(PBX




M                                            .[N&.WCE7GG*QL-


.L7



EWCKZE





M$]/9/5
=





A;QC_1];:7E*C7EEGAZ98^'I-#TPC&


M
S
N T'5




M=O&UX;AQX=O'96--?3
]=I]-IF9[W
4JOP
M
M
M
M
M



Y5YBY8S_E^/;/-MK:Z1-HUI;]C)77'?^K:6(N*\XQP3+\+BNWR8;:Z
M1
Q]V?V;QK2W]69=:O/HD                                  !W?Q3



M
M
M
M
M
M                                #T

MTUM$Q

4X=Q2N3#:-)K:(M68[IB=8GVL%.5?+JX(WZ:YR&J4LEQ
L):5C<6$D.OP1^!AKF7R(Y
XW


F;EHPZ](UM:R


83-:[D+C$;!B


4APWA'%.
[C\KPG;9]SN/PXJ6O


^V^S7O(&2PG&6*JPI5)[:XJ4]EV:

MA1IRTJ-&C2EA)2I4J4D)9*=*G)+$LL(0A$.D&5:4ICI&/'$5I6(B(B-(B(

M
M
M
M
M

'Y;C&UP;K#V1DI6
M^GIK
Q

MYTC)[)QK?S^LC)1M+F;9\!:?K'QU,9G+B.5CX)_@EIY&E)7K#I\$88;X[_
BL_&Q^VF2?'[(RUC3HT[L<\4\I.7=YK?AU\NTR]T3
M\2G]F\^+Z+Q#!G?O+7Y\U?U]SJ5?5^1KGXIJ=/%9*7!9N:E)XHQGJXS88V5



'UC'PPA


V./\ RP^8

XVVQQ3U
MUC7/DCV5FN/VQEGU

\H..[G2_$\V';8^Z/WM_HKI3Z+RSIXZ\NKMZTJ-M
M=[!89OD?*T8^LFJ[3D9J&(A6^$:6!PLN/M:E$O_P KNY[R6
8QC'KZ/#F3

MM*Z^BE/#&GHM-F:^OZUKNIXVCAM7P.&UO$6\(0H8O!8RRQ./H])82_U=G84+

@[;:;798HP;

M
M
M
M
M





M_1DMZ-.77
AZJ7_15NZL\8_ZWV&

U8]41\*VG
MKO

LT+6]QUSBJ?HAZ81OO1&
.G6'6






C:Y::7

M7[


MJO






M
M
M
M
M
M                                                          !X

'6]*WK-+Q$TGKB8UB



8QH]/B^*
W7_6\3SVY_E_Y SS/POSN'77W
T3


W_O3_Z+[K_Y

WTOAA#KU
MAX.L?]
/LWV/^6SAL6UR\5SVKZ
-:S]


M!_+CRG7_ 


(9/;;BE$)I9982P^1K7$1\,D98QAUZQZS1ZQ
MC#I$YM_(/R^P?
Q[O-^WFF/^SBB4P^5/*./WZ;C)^UDF/[L5=HX?LI[7
%/


MSKAX5AF?^DMER_5ER7A




?AQ4K/TQ75V)$)80A$

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M

M&

MMC\5BK2M?9&^N)I99IH4+2TH3U)XPA&/AECZ ZT:?\


MK_GN\*_;/

D<36T=<2[S'4               !U?S/S3Q7V\
M<:[)S#S9N^%XXXQU#Y'_ +3;GL56M1P^&_M!G\7J^&]LJ6]&XK2_*.P9NTM*
M?22/6K7EA'I#K&!S$3:=(ZV!_P#&E\J_Y[OOVSS'WF'?X.3ND_C2^5?\]WA

M\:7RK_GN\*_;/






S
M\L\M;58:1QUI=G;Y#:MLRE.\JXW!6%S?VF,IWU_PM;RYI6<MY?4I:E6%.
E
M&2:
]2
M.6::!S$3:=(ZV ?\:7RK_GN\*_;/





M9]MVK/WE+'X; :_AK2K?93*Y*\K1A3H6MG:T9IYH^F





M3I/6Y


M'&-]DN9



MT&7UM.IZG4^'

TLOBA
=XV^*







U_D:RATA<U<IH.\Z]F






MR=TG\:7RK_GN\*_;/


/A%2


%?MGF/O,'P<G=)_&E\J_Y[OOVSS'WF#X.3ND_C2^5?\]WA7[9YC[S!\')



6\O[;(4X:YWP]HV7K5+.%_[%:=
MQG$
V2HVD9J4D:UWBY]ODR-E+)4KR2SPK4I)I)YH2S0A&

_0R5U7





XTY;V_7\'-LV7UG5LQ4J9NUUZG?6F
K9J&.OK:RNKG&
MVN0R%O1K5J4M22A4N*4M2
L:M/Q'6U+UZ;1I#
 =0
M     &!O


M*O\ GN\*_;/








'



M?MGF/O





1J7%U


MC)4G\


MR=TG\:7RK_GN\*_;/



MX7W_ &KBSE/NTXITGD+2

M&$L\T.DWPCO&+)






M/







8Q'$UK/7$2D2XD

M^SU*7266K?WWRO-RAKF0O9)HQG]5;V6
HU(0A)#U76-04IVM?T9F$YO;C[RU









+S)7





MH     /S--+)+-//-+)))+&::::
)99998=9IIIH](2RRPAUC&/P AN[P//C



M+)V-I5C,.DHM[4M7HM&C)$=0              'N2O[N=__ K:
MON%?CF.N%
8)8       !EOV



L]*K2GEA-+-+&$98PZP!DOQUWK]XW$
M
:

YBIR/A[;IUPW*^@Z!N<+GI/-/_M6


M




MIIB
O2:6\


/E2/H@)+#7PXXCM13BJ      _4LTTDTL\DTTD\
MDT)I9I8QEFEFECUEFEFATC:$8=81@VB\K+NK_\S^PCMOYYO\C\I;CF=#L]

?#YN=?R[^),/
MQ3PK?8ZMW7<V8C(U]4NKFA:Y*WXET.G6GQ=_R;DL7<33TKG-WE_K::[0N*5
M2TK7MM

T;BZO;^6O:VL87%.
MYN;0N
N:






     !TIW*?LY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8

M#.V=A=4L?L.)FJ2P]99WU*XM:L/1/3FA&
!UM6MHTM&L-H?LE]ZQY@TJ;%Z?


MW5_3GGH8W=M
R



\]CRX9/






GX:-M;R24J<LM.266!)Q$5C2.IUX.0

)JM

MSGM=IZJM'8N4
Y96L
U*KG=X)C-W:\S8V:XL:MMHN8HX

K4F]$2WOMJSTTZ);F



M\NOJA'J*@                 #D&K[9M.D9RQV;2]ES^H[)BZLM?&;!J^9R




MW%.6
TLL9II3FM9M/ACK53O?[WO\J^8+W
;QW$\I5Y[/Y8K1PN@:31O*MWA^



MGFFGGFFGGGFC----&

1*/R       #=(]TL[KO5










CULO)H[Y^Y;RY?

M2

M'M
T=8SMW;PKUM+W_'TYK[1]VQ\\LD]Q0NM<V*




L3B:Q:-+=


MT_7Y
AC1JEEEV\U^]3ICN;8U*K3K4Z=:C4DJT:LDE6E5I3RU*=6G4EA/)4I
MSR1C+/)/+&$81A&,(PB+9^P       0J^\1?4Z]X'^'_ /S1\)M@^;'M^Q6



+A:W];

M.-[W*:=VYX_)6TWJMBY']3-8[AR11I5X227&+T+'W
V



MMIEN1\]2JQA3M

M4T#?
1\Z_O

MY+O8P\$U22^]5B):]*6M;X^VGAU%]CPTQ]
=-N]$ *H



E5D\4*E&M)-3J2RSRS2P+28F)TGK<W'           #A7

5
ME


MZ^FKW3_ISWL2F/Y=?5'V
*AW      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+

MN_+NU[(MII[1VT\V;AQW+4O);S
ZC2O(9GCK:9NE*G5EVGCW-R9#4LW5JVU&
M%*6YJVGMMO)'K;UJ

H=O^[W?J;*7


?L&NYW&W'7U%_B
SBKBZQ
MV1LZO2/AJ4JD\D8PC#KZ!:S$QT3UN1@                      JEO.D^M



FFER6K=OW
NQ


MF?\ M^0LZ5S=ZQVZ\M9S!UJDL(SX_*7&1TK6ZUY0C'^C5GPNPWEO&/\ \A7F

I(UZ<'3^%9X.      =*


81A$6/5T3
MUOL@      A5]XB^IU[P/\/_ /FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B




MMI+2MHXKDO!6-I/=9NTQ].2C+;:_O6
N*&8L?52QMZ

MW/=\G2]90DJ6NN8&C6K4Z





DW%,         !PKDK^[G?_P MJ^X



MZIUJ4\/Z4D\(B


^

C\6

=R-.PFN
SP/NV7M:MY



T[IY^\_OJ[C^X.VOKB^U;

N+\54X#Y(N+BM
M&YO*NT<56N/Q.,R&0NIZM6M=9/8MNL+E;FI4\


LTLT(_!&$?2.8G2=5:%Y




\?5T
?5F%#;9-)^'/5V.^/==^\7AKDOM

MYBZKPJ326\^

(0%MU]L=[1)
M\EYB_GLZ%R)C,?DJ^&Y.[U,SW%7-E7C5IUL1QAH6YY/FEBLE=THRS65*STO
M5J.


M2X^RM_[%?U8PJ59L+=TJD\TEMBQ=;;)I/@GJGJ:(PO0      $RWD?\ F-W/



Z1UJH'S
N^C;O




Q:V^0MYJ63T/@Z
]'*:5K$U&M3A6L



=/7CC-
M\YO]FGFC#(\B5

\9);B^GKUO4T;






MIBSW./3]Y'M;DXM              %19YD_UBW?U]-7NG_3GO8E
?RZ^J/L8



81%H]H
U5S




MG@Z&'V7#Y2]HV5YS;@




(5K+)8

NUWW=OL_[/.X31.Y3@[G/O#P&]\?YRXRN
QE[R








MO6TL9JN2A//TGN;_ (WN:M+ WG2'Q;&.
J3S5*U:M- L-QC\-O%'5/VMF
6X
M        #3/]Z-\R.&&PN%\N?B?._P#S4V&CA-^[F
AC;J3Q6&!DKV^8X[XK



E+/5LL+;58VMK&I/&YO+PD
6*




1

+[3N.^X74XV6.V*]M8:SRQ


MN/\ NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+


ZUV[=R&3R^^]GV3






M       #)?LU[C


LT/1 175T/L@




LG7K*=/RL_B^I%OW




/[0
UC-







L]


MG\O[NRL



M9\


M#&YB

^+P3XJ^[+97%N              _%6K3HT
MZE:M4DI4:4D]6K5JSRTZ=*G3EC//4J3SQA+)))+,8QC&$(0@M_\_[S9ZG?

MAXY:EK4N+_Q?[=)2MR_P8O!'BGWI:[0N           %G][N[]3KV?\ ^(#_
M #1\VB.S_-GV?8FJ%$  !B_WO?L7=WGT7^?OT4;8.U/?CUPI]Q*@


M&


MZD8 J@                            
H.R']M'M#^E!P%^E;4QUO[D^J




!
S

T/9]'O;KU/3UE2RH[)C

%'K+U^-




M_-#MWWN#XN/\4?2?PFO
S^8GW0?FAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_
3[H/S0[=][@

MY^GI7&5S\M6G3IR26]ARG94JV:MYNM2:?*4



MV'






MI^IDEJ9?E#0YIY)Y8S1FFC++&2
(0A+-UC&4Z3NH[*_6[BM/=!]%DMJ$E]WV

=SKC?8K*MUIR3

5R+

:]$]2S4\DWS8
%YDG ]3!;[=XG#]U?#N-QUC
MR[K=K+3L:6Y8B:


OQ96J
M6V%OIO#+--CJV





M:_\ _7^5_P!70?FJ=TG\I/WH_.1[7_\ Z_RO^KH/S5.Z7#
Q[IUYAUG&^JXC
MF3L\S5O;RU)[*E-OG


)+#\N/4C %4




MZV^+6?';JCJ:%PO0           %G][N[]3KV?\ ^(#_ #1\VB.S_-GV?8FJ
M%$  !B_WO?L7=WGT7^?OT4;8.U/?CUPI]Q*@      


S^
M8GW0?FAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_
3[H/S0[=][@^+C_%'TG\)KS
_F)]T'YH=


S^8G
MW0?FAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_


X/BX_Q1])_:\

S^8GW0?
MFAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_
3[H/S0[=][@^+C_%'TG\)KS
_F)]T'YH=N^]P?


M:

]

IC@.P      #:']U0[A*W'O?'R7P%?Y:A@.XGAW(76/Q_K

OBZ0).MHM7Q1U2Z1'8     !R73
M=QVCCS;M6W[2



]][]^ZKB_MKT
M.6ZM)=LRGRCO.U4;7VFVT'C7!S4[S==TOO'X;:7Y
QD?56=.M/3DO


MO8332SVNN3]/!-\J4:M N=OB\4^.W5'4T)!?          






E-]F6:6
M

9XWUSLO%]?4
Q




M3

MWKTYZ5:A6I3QIU:-:E4A+/2JTIY8RS2S0A&6


M2M

M:AWN_EKRGW(PPDL/RX]2




(](B-GHZ)ZWW            15^;







M                 !TIW*?LY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8      !9)^[$_
M57ZI^6OF/[KXX1^X^9[&PJ*         .;S.?+EXJ\R;MQSO$NY6^-P7).







WMVV['
ME*L:.-P.M:YC;G+YS

M_#:O
1[ON0N?

M
96$LT\GRGD*\M.;U
M*64D\=(QU\/:CS%0      !9$^[M^6O#LR[6*7/')






M64*&(Y\XUHV.O\B6UQ;4/58Z79X^S5
/R#B+?P24YK;+T+BM3MH34[2XM)XP
MJRE2F6^/JZNYH
^9-Y
G=EY;^6N]AVO#_P#5?M]N;V6WP'/^AXR]GURW]IN9






M?5'V
*AW      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+
   !4P^;+]9GWV?2

.D81%
1.+]FL=FUV_E\<UM7GMXS4<AA



MFT1V?YL^S[$U0H@  




MW4\]6:K'V?.UL_BJ
L)):=*SQ=6$8^F$PW%=+Z]DMDT6X


D?@'$],:+GG'W]IE;QR


M%VJR]O\ R;L'RAS_ -K6+P^LW-SD;N%7


T?#/2CA[&I;U8TYKZWFF*&?)X
M*Z1[TK


LTLT(1EC#I$7CQ         LL/=[/
M
-N1*T*]6I=WEY7QM








XJ[I7^

MI32U*5626:6


MM9]EEGH3VVO
M]V4T0H@       /S--+)+-//-+)))+&::::
)99998=9IIIH](2RRPAUC&/P

M=]R-G&2K+6Z5L])K^*KR^:G4M,M6EFC
80F+C;U\5_%V0KIA?@

M&
L:V6O-LQ$
#:R]8PC\OU/BQF\






MZU6GD







G7V?




XO



(PA& OGJ@       DA\J'OHS'E\]ZG&'.
;N





MO/5[:3:M=GC-&%*7)6TMO2R.+JS]9*&6L;:I/+/3EGISE/)2

.2

M5HU99*UK:G4EEGEFE@1LQ


MK

M1AA)8?EQZD8 J@             







M    %F3[MG]4EP3^&O./Z7=N$?N/FRG?%


V&PY3$
MX?)9+&ZEB;?.[1?V-G7N;37L+=YW#:O:Y7
7%*2:ECKXV/8KQDJU8RR37=


7S*^M4PB3
M      6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\ -'S:([/\V?9]B:H40


M  N0.V^E4H]O' M&M3GI5J7_%U*K2JR34ZE*I3T?!23TZDD\(323R30C
(

V6\REY$MIE)/7YKDCBBQA5C&
9
I1C7V3&T9?#+)6HY6
T
M9IZ]&2!:;G'_ )2/:W:Q9@*YSWC_ 
R./=IW/P[9N



M;-EVRZFNLWG[NE7CKO'^E8^K;_VFW_;[NC+-[#KVNVMQ+&/_ 
NO+NK0L[:6


MNZ5*7-[OM]W:4J?MF6R





M;G'_ )2/:W@!9@        *BSS)_K%N_KZ:O=/\ ISWL2F/Y=?5'V
*AW
M   ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+

M+KZH1ZBH      W'_=O[QN^7\N?N[R@+3==4-XD68            #KO
MX[$^%O


)\E;IHF4GH







MUPI]Q*@      +










MN NK;)6


M+RKK]*A;[AKDTL\\]Q3L*EQ5IY#&35NE6OB+ZUK3PA-4C+ C
E)I::L+O/?\
MR&3L![0



EXI7Q




SK/7+G0X 8!^:#W;4NR/L5[A.X*TO







76VO?+W


M
1
:3U+5GRH?
#UKS&NT+2N9J57'6'*6O^#1.=M1LXR4HZYR;A;.VFR%_:67
MBFJ4-:W.RK4LOBXPC4DDH74;:-2:O:UX2D;EI..VG9V)+!3        5%GF3

MWB19@   *F'S9?K





M=.?VW^RWR[2O[VGUEC)C:-Q7A&/J8RS'6UHK

MQ[C^
I&?)[OQA:TY:

MN'P=+P1A0N
U?SUI[W+7

L#7NI)Z%


M    69/NV?U27!/X:\X_I=VX1^X^;*=\4


YVU=;3;N:@O@     'U
'A
MLN:Q&N8
M#'W66SN?RF/PF%Q5C2FKWN3RV5NZ5CCL?9T9?C5KJ]O*\E.G+#TS3S0@..I;




M-'@M:%66,TDL\TTCGKXL<]\=*T7$<
M        CU\V;ZLSOL^B_P N_BCD14Q?











MW=

M4._?9/

;NUDC-3ML]L]S=




M/X Y5Q?R1O\ Q1MV5U#8K62


M*:]Y4XNUS-;-3H4Z=*WL][L*$V Y$QEO)1AGWQ.]XC(VM.
)9.LE&$?#+U
M\







Q]G0JY;'T

R4G';PSU)AT   5TGO?
MFT3]YO

INS#M#Y9[YNXKC
_8N[O/
MHO\ /WZ*-L':GOQZX4^XE0      %F3[MG]4EP3^&O./Z7=N$?N/FRG?%


W,\(R=9_&7.VMI?P]ZOI%\      ]BTN[O'W=K?V%U<6-]8W%
M[LKVTKU+:[M+NVJ2UK:ZM;FC-)6M[BWK20GDGDC:2:$(PC
 6YOEU=T-KW
ME]DW;CW&2WEO=YS?^.

_NF/;!4V3FKN'[NLW
MCO'A^,--QW#.BW5S1FFH5MSYN[?8=NO\;5A)X9<CK.I:Y:VM;K-#I;[%$)
M9O%UD+7=6Z(KWM[$60   %7WB+ZG7O _P /_P#FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B
M   MGO*9^K
[$_HO\1?BCCA&9?F6]:0H4P                         '
MI9/&8[-8[(8?



^3P5\
M



M.6K?Y2_I4I8S1



M5O5RPEEJ9&7Q?&GA&8L=S72\6[X;6(M@ 'N2O[N=_\ P*VK[A7XYCKA3&6



MN3X*I9??.$KN2G1DO]EE]FHU-QXHGNIJ4\\;??L7CZ?L4D9Z5.7.VEA/4J4Z





ITXR5

)[)570D@      &T[[J'S]/HO


IN6@
MW%W5OL7-/X?72S7%G&I2I7E6I I9<<9*Z=O8M-=WS3N4=(U'DGCW8<;MNB[






\\\\8S3S1C&
8QB)1ZX      + ?W5'M5D


M-]=^JIUJV)J[#A[JRQN?LI*LE2G#):[E*E&_M9HRQ\%S;R3=(]!S69K:+1V*



MZ]77\]\FZ5RA:T(SS0FHV&%SEMKUQ3IRPFEC7S%Q/'PQC'Q%GNJ]

M             CU\V;ZLSOL^B_R[^*.1%3%\ROK5
(DP      %G][N[]3KV



M8ZXPVA2Y.2%2-&AE^4=KLK+$QQE6
LOBO
':;!6$\.E.:,)I92M7;Y+=?1#
M3S\Q+SMN\OS#_E'3=HS]KP_P#7KPFM^N
KJ]L\'EJ5&XC7M:O(NS5XT]@Y$



MEEA&
80!:_\ E.]EU+L

_5F=B?T7^(OQ1QPC






)(QN\_K^J92]UO&TH5)9J4;C*Y^G;6U+

M2K6K5:D9IZM6K/-&::::
8S1CUB)5X@      ;-/NNO:';\W][.T]QNSXN6]
MT[M/T^EE\+-7EFFMJG+O)
N4US2HS4IXRT;F7#ZQ89^_A'X\;:^H6=3I:,D
MTWW-_#3PQURL/Q8                        

M4)
O=*QQ%@  X5R5_=SO_ .!6U?<*_',=<*8P2P      PI]
MTV^KIYH^FKR+^@SMQ%CNOF1ZOZ9;/XME?-[RWY9L.W3G2CWK\28'V;AGN0V6


V^0A-/3DKVE(7



MV.=WO'7?5VP\6]RW&U22WQN]X2678];FN?:;_1=\Q486&Z:/E9YJ5O5GNM=S




EC


MKB_XFKW%QTIT






M6SUB%6$83SQKY.62'@QES


7^$Q-O;YO8J]+K&

MW
\?LB+M:;6FT]KO@=0%;![RGVLT^WSS']FY$P6+EL-)[H]2P_
N/FM:-.EC


MFJ%$                          !TIW*?LY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8

[!6IU\O

MI(=?@8N[ZY/YB+SBOG@?N_\ :Y^I(/@8N[ZY/YB+SBOG@?N_]KGZD@^!B[OK


\(0FC-&)VC'CCJB&%6?V+8-KRESG-HSN9V
M3-7DWBO


T\?A';JZGQAR         V



TTO2
98? +*^
MWO:\VC32997_ 









0L?9-L[D=HV?G3.S5J,9;J7#92M;ZEH%OM/++4J8ZXT?4[+)

M'O(O;/0[?O

?6W^0W
M+5+G

20V]O%CT[8Z$!PK@     


M

I;TIZ6+VO7;VC2R6J[G@XSSU(S8;




M+7AA\_5Z

EDF+?/C\=?%'O0LBA8      *BSS)_K%N_KZ:O=/\ ISWL
M2F/Y=?5'V
*AW      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+
   !4P^;+]9

.L 7+7$^

M_=3IV%M)?%D

TDD+?)7$Y=[

7I_


M!Q'KU_0FI7$N;W2-I4C?5Z$\DV



MDTO?



M*%&6O=R\7\AU++2MYM:5.67VB:E0VIK^2KSRQC)1M,;6J3R^&$9YXV]M+Z







MV_NI^M?)9G+WU6K=WUW6C-7N[RO4K5)IIYYHQ(V9FTZSUNV!P     A5]XB^
MIU[P/\/_ /FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B                        D*\IKZS/L

(PA&$3
MFMIK:+1UPJ7.[WM=Y&[


M?U53I5ISRP)2EHO6+1U2QM'8

O60NMK'3






1%3.LS
]KL



M8V6$F&SM:


M7M[;


MP_+CU(P!5      ;6GND_PVCW(_1?K_ *5^.A;;KW(];?T%B ]#*XK%YW%Y
M+9O&V&8PN8L+S%9?$96SM\AB\KB\A;U+2_QN2L+NG6M+ZPOK2M/2K4:LDU.


M#RTZ]:E)7ITJU6E)=4H4+F2G4GDDN*






M  6)'NN7:O4X9[$=CY_SV

M/45/3+6M9[RPGFI5)8QDJ4HRS2QC+&$8DK$Q
1
=4NN1R      W$_=





TZ%O/G=JSL]O)&M
M6C))2HTI*=M;4Z%K0H4*1'VM:]O%;K9+CJ      A5]XB^IU[P/\/_\ FCX2
M%;!\V/;]BL!$B                        D*\IKZS/L3^E!Q#^-V.%/+\

MVJ]L7P         #]2RS3S2R22S3SSS0EEEEA&:::::/26666'6



M %A3[IM]73S1]-7D7]!G;B+'=?
CU?TRV?Q; /S-++/+-)/++/)/+&6:6:$)

TI(8
GCK






/FR_69]]GTH.


MK6[XV


N

MW;6+FK++&[U_9L35IW%&

M     /8M+2[R%W:V%A:W%]?7UQ0M+*RM*%2YN[N[N:DM&VM;6VHRSUKBXN*T

M(]?-F^K
[[/HO\N_BCD14Q?



LTLT(P]$1

M7L__ 
0'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3]G/







M03]Q7*& ER';]VN97$YR:TR5I3N
1R!S1-X

M*LD/56%M7IS4;^
8%ON


M7.+



O(4:-2E4K36
M61I4JT)(30A/&3PQ]$8P'?'.EXGTPJ'1*       +1#W?+*W.8\G_LZN[N%*
DT_6,(0A'I CL_P V
M?\.Q,P*(#A7)7]W._P#X%;5]PK\<QUPIC!+       +GW3;ZNGFCZ:O(OZ#

ME/!V]U4TW;*

7RI:VE+V*EZV6G3S]M)2HTI



M            52WG2?6H=[OY:\I]R




0R%CB;^RN3N[?'XW&6=SD
A?WE:2WM+*QLZ

7W$=R-Q7O:N

MXYP\]/7.-L17DK=)J5?%:)A\?0J2PEDE];)-&$LO7I E
=?!2*L/AW
M;'/NQ?:K#G3S!I^:

MWMKK



M         (]?-F^K
[[/HO\ +OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9__
M (@/\T?-HCL_S9]GV)JA1                           =*=RG[.?/WY%


.L!)=?2^
.0

5CQ3U0MFNQ+L]X^[$.USBWMIX\A2N[
M72


Y3JR4
MXR5;C(Z35FHX?)S^&M5J8BM9U(QI6^
JS3%UM\FD_#GJ[&C*+T      !]'$


M;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+




M?CUPI]Q*@                       .:\;?WBZ#^&NK?=VP'$]2YS$2








[[/HO\ +OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN
M[OU.O9__ (@/\T?-HCL_S9]GV)JA1                           =*=R



              :''O0

M    #8Y]UMREIC_

MM'Q1_P!:$(?9%ON?E^U8WBP                          8_=V67H:_VK


D;66AS]R9
E/


M]4(]14      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+
               !UW






M2
M;VLNR[ADY)9JDU&2XFM:=K8VT9Y_8L9:V]OXI_51GF(V]YO;Q2S8'0

MV?YL^S[$U0H@  





#K:?#6;3V0N%

MKO



M_4Z]G_\ B _S1\VB.S_-GV?8FJ%$                          !TIW*?
MLY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8                         !R_0=^W7BO=

M


M   A5]XB^IU[P/\ #_\ YH^$A6P?-CV_8K 1(@

H8*WZ37
M%O1K37.TVEA3A)/X^L9OB23582CGC7%*S\$<
I4JTXS;ERKOVWS59IJOQH5Z\V<C4JRP^+)4FFEE^+ C<W3EE+<








M^3M/5Y'AGC_GMLMBN.*=.XDEN;':LY/0MLALL)H4YZ-U3M[

MR^.WACW8;$XH     (]?-F^K
[[/HO\ +OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN




*TL:=6-KI%
V5AB+$     !!7[Q1VLS]RGEH<GY[XN

)J=2MC:
9



M_P#\0'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3]G/G[


MCGN0XFO9Y


U&-
MW9PNH3T

U;7.-R5OXYHVU_:5J48]9(B

M  A5]XB^IU[P/\/_ /FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B                        D


M:


M7VFM98')WW

M4Y/E:M6\
DTLLTDO26


MAO=5

M6)Q
1
:3U+8#RX^^+1O



4_W!6=*X]FRW*N8XQXHPL_










;62O


MSNJ;+CK?
:[L^&RFO9_$7DLTUIE

MOFK^6UTONNTC(Z!5DKW$MM94.1]


(
MDP      %G][N[]3KV?_ .(#_-'S:([/\V?9]B:H40

MQMG)O;[PCR-M-;F'EFQJ[+O?%&A[?L%6RLLKCY+.SJ9G8
#D


MY*4(0DJ2U(5).D/#&$80Z'/Q

MSS^@3PA3IU*4OJZNB9W6ZE&:
M6


G]


?0O
63WQ=CU:K<=

C5L[Z?K&



*Q63K:_L5C2R.-J7^-JV4]2QNIK:M+

9(^@4;9\=9\


8_



M&/TG\L5YJ'_7OYX\/][P_
8_2?RQ7FH?\ 7OYX\/][P_
8_2?RQ7FH?\



M.:M-#(
M[9GK# V

M

T8QC+1MJ

MF.N%
8)8      !84^Z;?5T\T?35Y%_09VXBQW7S(]7]
MG\6P    #JKG'A
M;CON+XAY$X
Y9P5+9..N4=5RFH[5B:D9)*M3'Y.CX)+S'W
U.K&PS.)NY:=W


M%H8=CN       G+\AOS+9^P#NQM-:Y#S4]IVU=PUU@](Y9]IK0EQVDYRG=5K






M]/Y.R57PWL:D):=EL=7_ -R

MV\RGN?PO&UM)E
)POI


S.





?I/Y8KS4/


?I/Y8KS4/^$N%?SQX?[WA^8Q^D_EBO-0_

M?F
ZV'/'F#?]&
%D9+S2NU#2K#
MCZG+;7






M




R_

WIQJW-&MPQL&&Y0R$*%.$(


5M-ACZ7CC#V#6=WQ$EU6CX81A7V.'Q

(0A %2KYHG=/'O-[\^Y'GVSOI

TT


M==4-XD68               K7\]KNBI=U7F9=P.Q8B^FOM,XER5KV^:+/O
M[30AB.)JM[B-CN;O2G3JXW








EYR6\4]3/\ '0      !'KYLWU9

MU0H@  

MEW;A'[CYLIWQ0                        =/=P?


T8PA'IU$K$1$:1U0X*.0     &UM[J3VKR\A]U/+O



7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\







U

.D8DM6?%$3WPZN'(



81A$1C]@


MGCRWR4]\IRQA;Y:O82QC+-5DB*VGCR1W1TJOL2(      #;N]TGX FV#GO
MN=[F

L+S#8+CFG0K3=832T




LT2








?5
MFZ1D]MJ4=[OK^WEF^SC9YX1\4D!;[BVF/3OE9!BP             52WG2?6
MH=[OY:\I]R


M        C]\RSR_N-?



      !9_

MI]Q*@      +





(^B(*B3O^[9KKL[[SNXW
MMOJT+JAC.






]C85%




R_

MZJ_:_P M?#GW7R(K[?YGL5M@D       %P1V0_L7=H?T7^ ?T4:F(J_OSZY9
K<MV%2A)/QI[;CZ$^A;[8
M2SU(QFFR-?+:M2S%S$8RPCFI.G2$?#*2&WMKCT[8:]PK@      +*;W=;O\

74PEY
M5GGJ5ZE]AY[BM&'M=/Q$?GIX;ZQ[LM@(4                       %93[
MP#Y@5MWP][F9UW0LY\J\#]M
F8XHXUKVES3N

M*/;5R=2EHX;?\'4IX38J=KZR.C[KCNM]IV\XBEZZUFJ7^LYVE2KQH^MIR7E
MOK:U9O4UZD(G:EII:+0J:.X;@7DCM?YMY





M*F'S9?K


)HU^/.&;:_Q



^5

N


VL)\?S#RYA*U.ZIW-S
M:5Y9I
EH/&]U+3K7DL\/9LEEHT;./KJ-OD:$VSY?#'@K[TK!X6(
M/7S9OJS.^SZ+_+OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\ -'S:

M*^5

M6F/MNLW26664D




VIU\EE+BZO*TEO;TY9*<)I
MXPDDEA+#I$(#F(B.I\$<@     /J8/-Y;6LUB-CP&0NL3G<!E
?F\+E;&K-


MWZG7L_\ \0'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3



MC4Q%7]^?7+* =0      &L][T9VH_P#6?L4U[N%P6-DN=P[4]\M
WD;F2EZR

M8.2=6TF:^H225)L)A\IDJ

:-K-TEFCTEB=;
M6BM9M/8N =


Q=M++=[IPE;5*]Q)ME2E;T)JM_G.*KRXFJU:DT99
MIM?KW


M*E2:


)8






MUD-KX4Y[[/-@RDD^7XEVBSY?X[LKBK)[57T7D*/R3N5ECJ
)_''':ONN+M[J





MND\HZ1M''^V8^



9[


?


W%D
M  X5R5_=SO\ ^!6U?<*_',=<*8P2P      PI]TV^KIYH^FKR+^@SMQ%CNO
MF1ZOZ9;/XM@       'IY#'V&6L+[%96QL\GB\G9W./R6-R%M1O;#(6%[1GM
MKRQOK.YDJ6]W9W=O4FIU:526:2I)-&6:$81C %71YUOENWWET=W68P.JXR]E


MKJAO$BS    5




/(EE;SPA7HZ)Q_-/B-

@





]C85%            !3_\ ?-R;;\S]Z/=E
MRQ8UY;C%\A=QO
^UX2I+C6&OYCD+8+O7J4LUG2IU9;?3V].$_3Q5/#XI
MHQFC&
25I&E(CT
5QV      ;2/NF.*N:W?_ 
!_A_P#\T?0K8/FQ[?L5@(D0      %L]Y3/U9G8G]%_B+\4<<(S+\R


M6:6:6/66:6:'2


M







99I9I
M8]99I9H=(PFA&'6$8 MI/*T[JH=YW83VW\\7V3ERNXYG0;'5^3KB
9H7$W*.
MA3U--WRZNJ-3^LMILUG\-5R5&2:





';;R-2ECJW+6EY+6JM]WDN;G7LS_5W
M^K;;CJ-2:6G/EM/VBRL\I:0FCX(W%I);K+&
(G:MIK:+1UPJ.^?.$.0.VOF





WY+I_*LMUQ[VZZ1E[VXXEX6LK
MV:I0M9II:MG3W;?[FA/[/LW(=_85)I/6]/9
1?T&=N(L=U\R/5


M3!Z#RW/1DA-3I6^5DHT



M9OJS.^SZ+_+OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\ -'S:([/\


M_)NXX;0[S5N



?W7QPC]Q\SV-A44


R_












M8?5=4UO#6U2]R^?V/8
A;XKX;&6E*$:ES?Y/(W=.C2DAZ9IYX0'$S$1K/4M
M8_*H[ ];\NCL_P!$X/MY,=?\E9;KO?.6V6,8UI-FY2S]I:PR]*SNYZ5&I6U[
M5+*VM\/B_PKI0GL[*6O/3A7KUYIR-RW^)?Q=B2(4P              %4MY




EG2O^XGD^RHSTIJ4;FY^5M#XHLZU







S:TK[$9[7\[8U\9F
/D[*O+-1NK#)8^YJ




M73S1]-7D7]!G;B+'=?
CU?TRV?Q;           (2_/2\M2EYA/:7?WN@82A
M==RW TF4WKAFXH4J4N1VRSC;TY]TXFJ7$:-2I4H;MC+*2KCZ?62$
[967BJ4



)8QA\$1S$3




M5


MXH                     /Q5JTZ-.I6K5)*5&E)/5JU:L\M.G2ITY8SSU*
MD\\82R222PC&




MK2VBD      CU\V;ZLSOL^B_R[^*.1%3%\ROK5
(DP      %G][N[]3KV?_


85




E8UF.B$R@H@




%&[M_!5M[VPNI.M#)8;+V-

MCMW;ES;R)P_FJU6A5R']C=CO;#$9SV:
8T*.S:U4GKZWM-G2C'T4
C:75'_Y




1CN8-&I;'1A7\4*'MFKW
MV:M-BL)JT9)H20KVM.
T98PAUZ1Z%.:7CKB66UE?662M*%_CKRUO[&ZDA5MK
MRRN*5U:7%.



M\4ZIZV





M3N*



T\T8QC&

M/E

9WE;C;VE6O+;4[K+;UJ^-M











I2TK_ !?#NKWU&:E<U
CF:4\E?
W%M-+'%XB
8QJT;J[L
M(52CFRQCKI'ORLS
'A





7D*4\TLE6:-.

MM6.A*S_

=R[_ 
HBG^7R]Q_

=R[_ 
HA^7R]
MQ_

=R[_RB'Y?+W'\R9Y27_?;=

=R[_R

NZ%:YK*VU2GXIY+BPDC$/3- JX:^/)$=G6JQ


/!TCXRU

R&
MXL

L\E;*X_&86SO*4


M0_HO\ _HHU

'XOEYGX2Q&-Q_=]


MK^6RF!SV+R.$SF$R-[B
SALO97.-RV(RV-N:M




Y'#UYZ]E//4LZTU7'7-M4FJVE2K--2FC'
MK3C-&

O*V:


MAU7---/--//--///-&::::
9IIIIH]9IIIH]8QFC&/6
8CE^0


MA3[IM]73S1]-7D7]!G;B+'=?
CU?TRV?Q;            
?^Z;MKXS[ONW_

_;6V2L*DT











M3.C+O_PA[+OFA]K_ .8'BC_E
=/'?OGZ3_PA[+OFA]K_ .8'BC_E
/'?OGZ3

/'?OGZ3_ 

/'?OGZ3_PA[+O


/'?OGZ
M3_PA[+OFA]K_ .8'BC_E

/'?OGZ3_ 

MR[YH?:_^8'BC_E


-_'C





M'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3]G/G[\BG*G

E.T'M;Y([T.XWBSMMX




XR]O,;DK.ZQ^1
MQ]U<6-_87UO5M+VQO;2K/0NK.\M:\E.O;75M7IS25*<\LL\D\L81A
!?/5







/1ZJTEZ0





L8X_UU8C\^7QVTCW

MM?Y:^'/NOD17V_S/8K;!(       +@CLA_8N[0_HO\ _HHU
15_?GURR@'4

;KQ3[%;U(8

)99L+?4*4LU6K:74TI(X
GCKI/O0@







M



M                      $_7E

MIO'+=G0J=:^


T(UKFKX9K[
YG(5YZV1SVP


MOQS'7F




2K3
MFFISRS1).)B8UCJ< '(        #<?\ =O[QN^7\N?N[R@+3==4-XD68

ML+6E+3HT*%.2E2IRPEEEA$(SUUZ9ZWV0                    52WG2?
M6H=[OY:\I]R







]6
M$/Z%?V'(20J2Q]
D\(RQA,(P$5,3$Z3UP[#'    /7S9OJS.^SZ+_+OXHY
M$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_\ X@/\T?-HCL_S9]GV)JA1

MI6SPC              &O5[SM]5?M?Y:^'/NOD17V_S/8K;!(       +@CL
MA_8N[0_HO\ _HHU




M                    '8W$_$/*/.V^X#B[AK0-KY-Y#VBZA:8+4-

MW?3P^-7K^RV-*K&VQ]C1ZU;JZK1IVMI0EFJUJE.G)-/ XF8K&L]3=]\K;W9G




[^6O*?<C#2P_+CU(P!5      ;6GND




U7Y)Y%QF I6LM2'@I0R=S&6:6
\83ESMK:7\






MCZ/R9+D:M*A&K'&7T+++T:499ZUI2EFEC$O*9*7]V6#0[@
M   /:L;&]R=[9XW&V=UD

OSMM

M'E]=J/8+HT=*[;.+L7JUS?VMO;[7R!E?5YWD_?*EO-ZV6ON.[W=&7)YAYC


8?)


M)/%D^)37M[49 J        -Q_P!T*_O&[Y?P*X)^[O* M-UU0WB19@   *F'
MS9?K


M4J-*22E2I4I):=.E3IRPDDITY)(0EDDDEA$(0A$(0%!^P
M          52WG2?6H=[OY:\I]R





M   ;_GNIG:S#CKM-Y9[IL[BY:&P]Q/(
-7U&]KT9IJLW&'$?MN*ENK&M5EEC

/?YO$W%OA-BH4NL(S7NLY

[J.SXBYEC+



_7/0E&%



L1Q
M
Q6-9G2&R9V;^ZQ]V7+53$[1W;;SK7;)I5;V6[N-.PM3'\E\Q7]K--)6JV56
MUQ&0ET/4)[NTF\
EQ6RF2N;2K&
*V/C&6


M0EAXZ
8^F):WRWO[T]2(4P             'N2O[N=_P#P*VK[A7XYCKA3

M$R-[B
E5I5)99Z=26
LT(1A&





M&6:622::6:6!3MEQUZYZ6P/VO^Z39VZFQ^;[R.YNPQ-OXJ%6]X\[=L34RE_5

D(4YY*6L7]*


M                       (]?-F^K
[[/HO\N_BCD14Q?



M-W
8PA_]W)/3'T]0V]O%CT[80 N      Y+IFW;#Q_N&J;YJ.2KX;:])V3




L8333E.=SDGJTA*UPE

):]AM?*=WNFR65QTD_
M]RE=23QZQ]/ICU*=LN2W7


MZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^
M9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?
MKM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI
M/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_
M^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/
MCXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW

U#UN&U_

MNT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_Z
MI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBO
:I)1R=2]M8SQCXJ4T(QA$[UR7I[L]#7K



5OYB/<'4MO^E79SSQF+\


=O6$J^&%U96]_D.7M\M8QFE\488'5ODC2KB263

_P#W@.US]=HD/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBO
MF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':

MV'N@W3D3#X#^V&A;M[9IV6XIX5UK'YCY5X[VG;L);^T9O4LA1]GJW
EU)[/X










O-


M':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/C
MXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=
IS!WF\G;E0\5
M.:ZM.-N+=5XTJ^'TQJT+?([1LG+
GBA&
2:2,*][@N/ZO'NK9'K6
(T


M                          %?AYG?DA^:!W#]_G=-S9P]VQ_VOXQY'Y0O
M]BTS9O\ K1V]Z_\ +.&KX[&T*5Y\C;1RQA-@QWBJV\\/5W=I0JPZ=8R](PZE
M]CS8ZTB)GIT]+!#^7=\XKYG_ .\!VN?KM'?X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/
MCXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW

M20C- [5F(M$SU:JWG^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT7_ 

MUVA\?%W_ %2?R[OG%?

M %2?R[OG%?

M%?








M [7/UVA\?%W_ %2?R[OG%?

M?%W_ %2?R[OG%?

MR[OG%?

_



N\=6K

M
I=9G-9*XFCS;&

1I$]'JEQK^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?
MKM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI
M/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_
M^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?KM#X^+O^J4GGD\^0WWP\0=_7#7-G


C0SD+

X#A/DFKD-<U^MGM1U:MF^/=ZQLF)W_$VNP;MGM8

D4M/B]V8:?W\N[YQ7S/_W@.US]
M=HNOCXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_J
MD_EW?.*^9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG

IH^^2QV


__ '@.US]=HOOC
MXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=
MWSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\
M[P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT
M/CXN_PJ6]_Y



M'@   0

GQ37U]$KNX4<]B-]<;


M


;&2DY)RVP?4:*WVE$M[UB[)E7.6'#=-IZUO(F9M9*M+SUB61WLR94D2LE


M                                            % )N&1J\;325*WCQ
MK7*VI6URMR RQN2Y


MCA




=%LM+RI=&TJ[(5;;67%7)


MC(QUNJP)-=AS*OECO@  G8]#YD_/?TGU1;H:N/ OB)2P\B6B%/&'J@IZ+XA)

CMGH5

P
MUCTE8MRT [J$99W

=^Y/CW'R);<@'@FUL0
MS\[WAG[Z'^(RR[P59N1[5=XUR85J&6'0HF['X8C@1S[-JZ%I;5M3T5SF[-S
MZ7+D,1+LDT*PZ&1-*Y-,PPF.L!?$ \V% O@;('65SSO$NC8YJBHHV.YOCOH

U8WJZQM0JZS LKE?7V(F]5

_T]V+068M38AP96W%39POW

M5O1NV


M.EZ_&EG7.9[_ *EFQ7\

6[;;C4GI



J8/0^:WA/T;0


=
+CEO-JR^[3OKUI+5-]N)10F;;C6NRF-4?9B=%[*ZMCJF[;




MH]$K3+]*V4NB]C\E'

7%DK8A94++J=CLWHK





M

+X   0G15H$



.2^W8=4/7LJ2AB(G3=W
MR

]0YOT40V;I
MYA=IWTB-WL*K# *6EN-=%*^-$&@K!CCS5K595O'%SEYGT?V*S0Y*&K4$@=W$
M?OTKSO!!XP=07.      @$TUK'/RY\=Q(NB+



M6922+A$H:H$D@NE-R7






0PR5;CL=*




?#=Y#.LMB55U5)+'NAKT.JZ6
MO)LHDQA^YR;V@QM-;==S]J]E79;&Q@?&F2\S4-V2


W

I/V
M4\]]LD)/%(BY01N)V#D[/([_ +;QJ00       8P<^D50@X@1H40<P$65BI


M7JK+DR



GU3S#I2JYX  4@T@ @'H*X57  F$(]M61#D;U%A.QW3V5G

MHLH





V5\-#G.*LO1R9= LT25$F6@-&KCR(PM6_TDAB

-^TV2C4H*$%VHT*#UJ:0&S0Q0YYQF(
M    $D'$HG'
V








M    #_.) *0!8=O*OM^6NF_LW

JS?9






M&#[&I;.!P?O^-=NICB+     *,%HH         !HP0B    T4F\XYVL/H@





\&EQZFQ=/2Y=BN*=4UY/8990WX%AVG+R\Z
M[G')#P/GNX3[R1[==EM'@4_#TO4OEOEV2MSC%??I:P_A3E=S,^)D+QV1FY
M[GZ7Y1XFM._8X/

M=/





:O]#FVMH[J-Y[DW!IT_52^I2AR2]9\TE\[5ESA^P-5+'R0U
M/G[NM


MR%3   Z'0N0YWQG;R/VG/ATWCGQ.)6AY;HZECKGP'MLA'7%HM9,Y.KAU[TR
MO3OGU ZW,2$ 1X?.DQSW*;T(F(LH%34 D D
$94)+J3)5(UH374T(2&5+X5
U_/IRLFU?EIK3/XY.N4L<'&/RPDXYLX'MXX122F<WI/(QG$7A#!*ET.B



MC=KUD[5IZZ**9?=^A   (@&_YGT%N
7LD%C]4E:-V.JX\/NI\Q?&SB*#&TDM
MG656QR^U)I

MIVYRV

-QA4I-Q+' OB_1ZH+


BV(JJ'1\W\;UQ41R
(A
M![U(RM.NTI&AIII+IQ\^L    L0FD\Y^

M5Z](JR;Y\B?YW5TL
CH]-YFNNX\PD
H!HPT[(TW7K4

M6
R1Z=JU-U8LV6

M2*SM2(SLF
?:^82);B[O%T4OG6+L3U+5GN



MHJYW+Q]_I'52&=^L]4*]%]GG(M.FCWC=!OHG=5=_COG2PNW^@Z?G7(Z?F+;D

U]8]?JRP[#Y\G6*!\HU6?Z*+$/S_02OHJ
M=BYHX-L=H46 S'=$7LCTCHH





UHK0(O(N)\YGMDDY-NJ06C?)MS8<M=]<


C][
M+0NO@QG*[T^ U=/I=K)$LY\%B

V3T+ZISB].\]Z;7KF[QO2T



MZ?*KO5\


C5K+#)B:F$RV1M*^Y3=]T




1,\UI);F-1+<SJ);F--+\QJ)7F-1-<YI)WGM#Q%F;]A^./M[CPW(;SCUKE
M_G]#<M9^PN4)QPR)I4W9GK+'9J


 &;J]9\V'F7Z
8SJ:



YQ%A






/HWM^
MA)RCTJ^FQ/G

M6_;8E


[=:7H/



IJ6:(7%3U3C[ZUYK*5=#H/


MP/)+O9TL9C;SE4-VTH]WJJT.IK0:.G62&71S)9,=C%+H7&KYO%F7ZKWVSL3
M     ,)$;FO96/S^PP6V
M'(MZ[U8MNU=:XNQIK867+J)A)V_IZ2\Q?/G!I

I3&IT$Q_2EW=QOGFF\K[S3'%Z(;I    !0@L%

M$MFZ2

 O.]%H!4A






M\8)^M/F?L\M+DSGSMU-2XD\G8;:-
+GIM5B:&1%(HJMG=UGNO::]6U0?_T_
MS^10  ,+4[/YS^%_1'BHIB_R#F+G=8\7Y%<C6Y%@8^UY*U?8L-WCZXS-*:Z


M     Q@C=Y/?0YS^^;3-Z'
FK)USTU5L*N&RZFSQK9\WVZ;N0YE_$@N300Z?


M



M  U3?-7P7Z.)6/41M[B\JM=ZMI\)M%!/RKZNGXO16XFZUXJ_DLX.E8Y7G_
M !


SBKZAYI
T.]2MZ%C
28XZQ#;(?0Q.<\V$OG#%H/XX1R$9&CL*(
MI!1ADJ)Y%;38AT4D(O


M   (9BM0&WT-%D )



M@&+$:

QS98
M$]/XDWE[E<&2BO53JYYUZ#(CVA%'-U+F\+?7O+I?1:O8;+]*=RUS/S+2^?]

M[OG*ZK6.AO#]).VIZ+)^[4=:W0:[$[%F

T (H
L'A



MRS5:')HJ[SFT:JU5







MU$S;6




J=&VO;H'*.8C_I
MT)OBJ\&A$D&+LP5XM8    -6'&[RGTW#9)0B^BY8G@*ZW6=7NN)!/!4M)(S5



MH;165.QF3-KT*KCMZ%S%V%BV^D*-INJ=1@MG@%)05?9]_;9]F2U^+;.%?ZAP
M


M3\T_M22]J9#-
]$DI5XZ%6_S72?&P5/ _P %N(#DN-/1:%3I3ZGYCM=&@_(O
WGSS[3N^Q\X0'MG&*.'N$A98HX':/SWKG0^=_5=
M5+'P^]<\O=M+G;[&]4C/'TA?\PY52<'/QY-YXJE-B&B!NT'.4BPTY=1K4]
MX%D+H5A9!.AL@6ZB_##570<\^NKX6C\FN[?KG202EZC
:N:UTN?G'ZV:#7Y

M99BS

]#*5!I45Y*TO)CSSJHGX]]*7ZV?:FUQ$HJLV]ADV\#
MUFT3UN-&RL5MF[OZ^HHH9T(WM,B5-2SM*\[]VXG+LQZ/H\1].[Y28*@ /



M]G\KRE3J?C]Y+;.[-H6Z$CM#F$O7MM4QR!E?KR&7


M(
T?;^26[YY#^3+6U.?Z!_(.]SE76#=8-UR)85M]S*AV%&ZPICJ67MQT7&C=
MX)4%QQLI&7W)A0/6MJ-+U+%X2A#+C??#(D7+:EYJ[61NQG2Y&M;77&E Z[*E
MUIE/6XY








MFHAV*RQKI%D#)S[&P[E+&I]URET*F
B*%_R6&C^? V08860E:SHIV4_4T!'T
<Z!KG81/K2@8D TX60

MI^;F]VG'Q'L5V@$@NYK




4_.3ZZOCJ7+N#&V_S



R1K@D$A1DH+V;
+7PGEM




9
M.6
]!6*+




MBK
71*;P79HF6CJ5
)S=*+I4-&-J5


M
M
M

LN

M7!


M%P'*A16=+'P3.)_&(FPJ'




]_1 X-_BP$;\TP=A




M
!)*

G!'.?\ HT76KZUX
MQ85.EHC:SJG*^NBXE97!4I:\X4!XOK%B\;0T"92%(0X83[O8ME)I&4L,&9P
M%3N[:7TWT&O)Q)TC 
^W)LDR C4[D^
KKJ])E?

Y
?[



 <^?+P <K=?=V63CXYG%-#'(
M3%[+7&HK[H+4J^Y=4-P7WYIYMAN(W3V$WI5'&-]S5+OS$/&V2-LE4DJTX_?


0K1JYD'#8L2PQ[+R+PHO%1Q
M


8DJ(X53 /\B?EFLJ$M97EBMK*O*IAL]V!H

OSXF^P8/W#/V'EA\


MHOGE8JLQ4&W



MYW



IME

M&AXBJM/!9%)PD\K-QUB:D[1IU]!['
))-_J^LO



M(EVO_(HLG)5%51


MH)L;N.C&#KJPBW5A3\QZ
@9/NIB91)W#/ 623'F&;'2%C?A4..%%
!*9H;$C

EW3F
%2[KB5Q

ZXDYC'@B9 0S.==MD6;5'FA@BARYH9_ Y_


LJ]B-C5A51D_C3-%5P








M*FJ1G+T^3A6C/^['ES-\8&%Y^ CSQZ/-E@?U:_B#/Y%99..C:W%-V;4[Q(7L


MDO;4BOB47





_1;MJS\ZVQ
MCH3534K#7E!BP0;-FI?K$0*$O+0T
UE]O:MK4A&2L9-







MA_!)$3AP^SITW9-I+9
$S@GFTO*5VH[L#VSD?2A';LJ;EAIQ_I6#X7V 4?
MM$B HFA27\NR8T:



M]

M


GHZ2U1KVQZ\U15

'
M@NC V-RSD8CTOE+U4Q2UQRJBT



X*5I3
MJ[=



UG\_9&ZOGX)%

M-SE?&JC$4^*6V56D4[S/UN?#QT9N537$CLS0

6<\3^Y.6<^1VA^43!? QO].<1C98T.;XV+0[



M 1 W//VLZO;KV['?^1/IM%%J%TR+JE8@XY!LV:DQ]8(&+SW[3SY[S8'SW%-'
MSSUW4SLWQ; A[*K@UEPMGLB-B=%I21F[5LT)]%R9#)5#6SDDQK2(=K(QE:

:V=QYU:(=2O/A*YCW+4O
Q
2=8DN
M!L'* HHI3^HO

YE44%G*L#H/9M@1



O\BI!



M+1D5UV6TIN\8K=Y;5$H55Y!F[4Z4V$'%R6%5=%B_\RVKC-$B%?@VZ2RK-BD[
MV;06./=Z49J6F;3B;I);/V-;:=+ZTVG+2\MO*36:TO4\0

)2 M:-:L^X'*2UEU
Z4!EN)F+S7R4@HQ-.-?/5=


MG'H_R4/S(?6Q3%O\BBX8S[5PE)&$1


V-E8L2



M]M%#Y3;CR']DL(&&^1CR]R(@@Z'
;_3FT3BC1IJQF5=K_P#33%0ZFK5EVUI0

SM48_3:Z25-H$?4G-NI
MPVNFM'+I@YVC:2ST?HY#R;?9D05#5S8$)5.*

M\C#N9I639:=545G)U
)JF3S=52+J*_J+=)J
6KK-X#J)+_0)?D/@?G R\B):

M[[@]U1_%RSZ+0[_QKA'X0WG1



WOW%:H!]EY7)8U=?S1A?NZF93L['Y



M[WW1MNW^]:OU5:%*)KC0


7!C_-



M5AC7M9YQ)UAE.:UT Z7?UKAS39/-B[.H



IFL_5JTI#[ XE3@.SL38
MK$=OA59#$
U&:.V_^Y$*0_J4:).]'CT&1=G(L^%#I9\BFL+/U6NUE^$I6_&U
M7Q%WMVY[-V)N1M-ZSVE&Z9@N'7=R2&G=#V?7=OVKKRE[#95&J\.E+LVP-UT?
M73B'WIJ^W3NXKK8M=U%EQ7WT9E];H=I4(=C?.)*QM]56G5.QN)JFL*=:*17M


Y&9]K

GN&#_ !2C

JEM/:AU&UIFYUQ


GR@E9=

MRCYYRCYYRCYYRCY(.*PHW^F =K

9)=J_;+DW$83;-@T
M##-11@!=D &
(]13@ N#D$



=.CUBVDGC*0
MA(N-=/2&%)C(Q$H\






 
*W
\-KM+TJTTK^3W;FR67


M5JKAZ+KBR:UF7$_Q



;&KN'4_3JW:3-Z&S

MBCM57/FM/6

NC$R?EUJS&K-QB8SNE








'LAMCBN9=


M
^P)NV;%H#O7$V$
M^4GAJK%6MEF9:[H



[=:-A@DV:C0Y/7#F!E)'25A$G!5XR(*MUIC%29WK#10%V


'!Y
M$C:ZQ'8^V_KQF#54CEL? ^^  YT)J9']IE9=N!Y6W^&[&7D-JL.%C8KYM'RM
M\T!=N*9580X:Y KW4W%45N;6O8475:JE:)8+CM;AV/0ZSPQ;/1=
N(W3KZ



MZKLJL[-WU3=L62PRU
VS6Y7B JFS+

MD48D

M9!%\DF=\=JH2;$HLY


E)RS;)W1
M




M29

X:TSEUE
).D);Z]1[L










VES9I#0

LR'?.2G*8_\0+FX*98A@]2@QQT0
M3@8 3#KPH\\/\92/^ET\I&&_I\=F
/3+Z)AQ5))-VFHDU6J5Q3:E\0)AQR



6X Q:E8LO#7A12

M$2\HY](B8KVNP]WH
4+#&.X*-


M&1-_5A+

+B5(KJ6)5Z#0Q-%%$/H/T]&





K1
.=91BR6O6
M=6J+L';=I;VF?H5C/&4=PT=-

M$T?2^XW*DW1+G


M_P!+(YNSIZW?6EW(UV;E333^


MRD-

Y;M]3^5FXFF-P

M3@Z_7-FC)J*)I$LJ[EK'[$I1]CPPZHO#&/9:OD$
+H.&/&Q%-I#5A':BB*ZO

=J




ML07E;HC*-04IL=ZU7J\TK;



M#[-XJ?E
9:ROKH8_1-T=XSX=3&(30U






MU


!$6+U

M%#-'(QL
81ZT78=JOJ]R
B51Y@5BK@-SH(JF_5)](!1Q!CL*]AY:P&*4Y:[4

MF\1$M/$'K(S@4$C9Y9##KQJ625LK


M%:/1:J'(0 2(H94Y5D0NRLA)TUCM5I#U2:FD;;


O)%PTC

U
M?



;(Z+81#?QMH]N3W B96GLY
M)9
H*.C2)I-)X+==^W7L)6[Q^G-*Q@





W5$;HNFM9#4E
_#TD*ZC*
5G

MRE45G%GT/5V

ZZ:01HU40%M#Q#(/I


TV1SL*5[2KUDKZ?$&N59Z=O K;/B59R(A(RQ(
M9%5B)[\

=U]TZD-




M*0H  !DG


C@Z^V
M1ZB)%V6VO160$:L7D-;D)^'7*::D C*_&1;VS
A=R3L7CB+L
Q&LFUE=@@=\
M+)RYC'%HAV;/8\
R].E)6K1]L7=C5IP[9BC#3D?8AOKFK/VL_0[\TGZL]C'4

$66;AT(X&?;!R^E.I3NK()X9C
[U*'D? 1 
^^6N]

MHQY;J): NM.V

M+_$%XJN]G7KTAC&/C5FHN)02;%$V:G_X:.?;!^[WY9]'433#HS784K$BWB&J

MBT=N0C:[!U]E4$PHU&A&758O4_Z
3<&^T\35?=:IUTT(F1<M*NX5


A7?N4SN%78E!I)S316D 93
BQAS6.19KU]%.6PL5.Q3@[5)XK


E%'SO%8TJ& KS$J@])'*B1XV4\X144R-D%2O
MR;MT275437GD 6!9JH@I'E'D@42XC]H]N+QX/2S0:%
885/D'T;;:'5J[F?\
MODI:'1DG06!^4RJR!S/# 19?#J=2:BBOE8:=7:K*/EDVT;&G?R-7M
;$MYZ4








97V%^WJ
MBQ79W!A+89R8R+V2:



7]I#N





M@?\ 




MDF+
5.E9BIAF!^?IZPX5@OS29KX5HN&%:KX#5Q@

['/37(B6-<<

O2'T[QAP97E11#J?LT5U8M\FU+)RSYLVE[#




_9(R+-:5?-8VJLP9

$^VK6;69AX<@OD'B16D39
MG#-.R,P83,A7V)43LX=%*('

UX:;F*\_U_
MQ

Y=&]\.



MK*HR M.:@Y5:^=[*J[9HF





MY_ISF//YY@//!'XSF Y_Y /+ $.5*$@V8M$H*6(T^E



M\B;R#5CUG;A9=(KM5-SR

EU*Q&N6


]!#/00ST$

M

012'=I'*W.B*:K] J\R5PR[

]'6^$5









M\KNJ;9/C5=*P\



M:.G-:;&DG
+WGJM.37=MX)J_K*\&JYRH4@S2(\#_ '26$N5?8$K7@A]PUFQ-











%$




]$






))?
M_PL_P#_Q !E$0  0($ P
67^BMI3\TZ'&

W^W

PMOXV&WW[X*JWG 'H;\B-]B.1&Y




M&*G18X8DB1;62-0JBVW( =/;AFC7O


K$1+H==(IU)%M7

MC2'

MC?7W


M*B3VC +1=X7#.C:6D8H9W+FVI85GDC$!R7L^E/3TU-E
9Q[_3]^_\ @ L8+,J(&8W8A0Q&UV/4]+GIC2 =6D!CS:P

)%N3)WCSU;JMRH!T

Q#-(:-7D*VMW9)/



MHT+#8WQ3Y;24UK0WMR+Z8UW+^;Q&
AMS_%VWVQ&R*P1(@=AYD;$ W([TTFE/
M8%)\


M&BJ(YFG









MKQ\#5_\ %K_:+CX%S#^*7^T7'P'F'\6G]H


M %?_ )GUZVM_L8^ *_\ S7]=O^3'P!6_E0#^G)]D1Q\ 5G\93?UI?^EC]SU9


OF-9.TD3LSK&C1OL0BCAQ5#3(K=Z[3K3RB1192K8RCL%

$U]Y88$IXTA@58XDV6-=6E1X



M78F2IS))F])8TXJ7-NNG5@=GLD@VK.U=)J [ZY?13U16QWWGEH2?Z*
?1B3(

RR^IR]+GD#
'J+7-A?AV'


T1FHW.X^*J5$JW%D4VQV2^[IP2E[40^2RP^$*5'DI7W(O-




M^57L2EZ^J&WS8_=]VP__ '[5;_F4W_0QFF?9OG*%
TKY:M=2L=6A#J3S=XEC


M^2C^VG_ZN/@/*_Y*/[6?_JX^ \J_DH_M9_\ JX^ LKW_ 'J/1\;4?]3Y\? 6

MH%E11Z


#

PN7]H/W.Y7]S6LS^L7*8<XE:E[25



=C
SS&:@HON49C
**;+H
SJ1V

EF2?\QQPG]A)*-ZR4Q-!-3N






MZ5&)8I(7





QAST[LFF_P K#9=V
M IA:H[09M7R!5OY!1!?-W \HAE0W'FD36'IY8?,.PD+V@R'-JQ0?QE=F7O
M8V!X5(8SWN9^.6WY)P_:BDA/_9W9K(Z91YGE%*F9/M^4U:LSW_18'T]3!VB[

0YWL\-'JV_3VQ4=HNT
[
M5G&:L;V:)ZVI51N;@Q


M=-

C\.//X%WWO3U\()U=9)*1 /7KM
MXFV
OS_*





M

M_E4*5)5Z:IA&T+2
^



M*+*6IHNU$*YQEV:4
=;1M'FF1YCG]9F

$TZS&GXE(\E/6T[-(NB\T1/$T(.


M@V^Q%S:_M/O[/MOCC'\@_/^SOJZ6OZ1[CV^D8X@O;2W/GW;?7B*.26^B*
M5K_=C9MOZ-\&*8?P$W]FP^O&B7K$X]A]QC3)TAE/]$[?1]7KP2X_@V]MQC7





M?/AI

M#Z/?VXD(3\D7\6M_?@RJJLYY*38$GE?8;D^S5:R6T)*U[\UTG;F+.5M;T_

=36)HDARD'4'7Y2R9B+66$@I3WUS7=

MH

M -@.6/NJ9)#1/09F(Q%45
DE-46%N/I0/%(WBZ 


FS?.NQW:#MMVPIX9
Q[/?NQSS)\^RV%M
L



OF<-EL.K\0I[VG8* !OO:P

 ?/((L

0=DV

M7L3ZB


\C




MP^55$?



6XL;$$?*! (.Q\


SJ*
M6R7XL7\6Y\T?F-N5]6Z^C$.:4LVVOAO^3+W?F;S3Z-P3X8U^G;QQK& ^ V V


MK!I)(QZ ;+J??IM?\H+T$LK$7FB!W#)&&D /Z?
XZ<[(VWLW/J^;ZO8


;BX-[V-Q^C?ZC@_K^W'ZOL.$YGUG_ &EPW
?7_3; \WV88WOZ@/J^



6'@
330TT3SSR+%%&
?M0:JHIZY.T':.NSM(Q0L
56X=()1)J$CQ
MD;L!ION!CM?V3I\\[0YGF7[HLIHO*NQU3V6-+42IQH:B:JGG\ID^.7XM1*%
M=@]QSQD&6]L


Z4HK1$13AXQ

ME@Y&H6O;':WLU1=I
[GS:'M+DU
DO9#

M.DV.^.S^2]J\LCH

MBH\N25Z;R5Z:GB6IT^4W1C&=7%




8;XU!I95N]^;D[NW2]]PH')1\D6@8X1$



K3


UE&_L.)\MH&VC2PEL=41V\X/


K$'PO
M:QQ#0QO.1-42NPWTZ.'8C\[1R]7KOMB:K1;TTYEM;0K*AVL#S(4CG;=CT)Y
MVPBUPDNJ3&P8Z9-

M4.IP#P@J2/?:VUKZ?SMAXG?'P%3L_&1!$W.V]OZNX6XYD8J\LI%A
DT:2!;:
M@ /&U@;7OTZ8GR*D*4]31K


M
')82.Z\Q]-ET_/;]6*F@GI[L/C$%[FQNH'




MS22+#4*MW.E9%V[QY!EY;G:XZVVZC!-L%L19;63 -I6-6\TR&Q/]$7;YP
+E






MRS%7%M%2\3
(HGO8TL#

LW(XE#D4;I+3TY*C3
M49O(NI;+L\=*A)D-BQTDE


M[


M#GORC?V?9BOS^GIKI3::B;Q!OGZ3#S_4FW0N#BIJIZN0RU$AD;I?S5'Y**
M-E'H'K-SOCU?W?M_ [2B?
JR'+8*NCBCB
8DBFJ5AD:IFL8[Q

M.\[@][8/V.JX07EJJ8QW55T:]9DD8(@.M%5$UL-;ZF*IJ8(Q&DP=BJ1HU
E?

;@[_ 'K6']V.PG_N
MCD?_ )1O]_-C-NVU%E&?TO9^:DJ9*FL;)E@F0IP6^%LQDR\EK[IY(RQR27_&




M







M1O?4!A9IJ8S05

T#J9&C+:U9&-B$TE2H\[4
!J5Q8P3+(2@7AS
M#3;?5W'C8DWTV^
'LQV:RVFK
S

MYTOJ#$R]+_GCV\_GQ$YP'P#@'#+R/0XJ(144TD)^4K+ZB?-;^B;'!!!(.Q!L



GUPG#]HONG=HP423-##





EDZ GFI=O1'$D$20Q@+'&NE!SL #U.Y/B3N3N3C?W'KPM[_TO#P(QOXC

MWLP8I8@&;3W[E=+*VRLRDW5B/.OUWM\[7ON?H]1QE
7#H(;^=(&D;P.LDH?[

ECC_ $W5/K(Q

JRLVFF8ITB





M \ERRFC$L

M




UYH7A8XINQE'3RTLIS/.*DT^9G-Y%J):)EJZ\1


#333$Z651<VN.ES\W=MOX[XAH5



R0:I9G6)!NSR.J(H_28@#


M/G7-]]K7ZVQ^Z/(@5(S.G.E]7\(+FQ'Y'@?$#GZ\1]HL@XFI
TI=1_+?AJ2?



M^)Z;RB/@R



M?%/_ (Q!_.Q_[8Q(V


MG!UB-4)T$%F6ZWF[8UC_ (NDI4_2XLGU/'[]
39_FL]QY28U\(42/_7 XG^O
GT^M8].ZVL67E





9+$6W

(MNT1.V
MG=HFLK7NC.^F!E74=3]KW]N][V]8Y8EF$9C#M82E40^)/LQ*T\;J(BACU R


MJ 21OSN]Z+\CA-\0?CX?YV/_ &AB0W^?&4QBFHX8=(*E=9\2=BVW/Z_1RQ!-



MX4

=FONJKE$BTW:')WIXZ@*YK*1C
M(-#WR&%B2T9TG3PY&)&XN,9;F^6YG2IF&6U4552R(KQ@LHV[P\0XZJ;
/#
M'#:I4:=&BY;3\IE'
[]!B& 7!7\6W)0;*MK$\O..WJMAZ0?&
Y[UMM_3X#W\


^]^]I;DQVMIYC<F_+!+Z3I%S<V9G
MTKZ-[

M^_S8K


8W8.IWM9#*0))MK;KI[VNUQ?GU-K=X&^W(@FQ#B^


MI*5EGAAI\XJ8:?6O%A18@LG=.JCE[%TE-EM+^ZJFECRK
*JOI;R4$3:JO*LR


MHI


QINTL#U-)0KEX
M73Z9:=
MKR/*H^


M+R2R4LJHB#JS
_O[WP
?W?.
?3;$WF/\ H/\ 4;_7


24\AYD:#9(

/:+

E)H6Y\6*0;H






M!(S&..I1E CXJ#ARR:0/B9&B;44#D5E/ D)+*O$7AH2RC4T@NJH2;
7L2H%[



K T
#.0T

72QW 3NMH/
EM[)=3K$ !LBLH

M1&6\
8N$/+O79Q;NE1MC*LE6N^$E:VU


M8D*K

M-3 1 A:/5Q-99EFN;C4EP%TCNV7G:Y\
+

$&H-8 #7NVD6V4DC





KF6GKH)

M3I07Z]!MX_9[

04XC X=R+
MNQNQVU;FP]?(=


M)3H?0#:2:W@.&G42
-L5E;55\[5-7

MJJBCE$U-*\
B_*1K7'56Z

5Q'HI7A+QM,R'\K4MTUVV+6OI(7IRMO4MF9C3:H9C$6E


MK:[&YQETXJ883*K0DKLCABRBYMQ'(:B%[R!C:_4GPQ2(Z2F.HA:-T:-PAC

BJ1:0

M0&W/0+V]K-OZOFA&E [*;G;[.5\5E8:9Q&'X9=+Z3L6)) ]?JQ31SQU2U4P+




MR_.?988SFK\FCD?Y14HOK;EZL0;^W?C# Z?-CKZL?PGM^W&??X]_\ )3_:

^5S@H'.@S15\9N4LRZA .7/3Z+B++2TYG+J'D8&
M4L0S.0-K\












A




C$DL
MLS:Y9'D<\VD9G;YV)/\ @,Z%=GU;)E^7U%-Y/2!^+:@QR/+$X25I8].LB.0
MB./8QW[VJ[]V/LCFTC%+4Z:=G+S7538
J]Q7))4ANZ -1!-L=G
LS;+#-%



M$C=G2ZZ@-+=VUM0%[
/6+[VQG]
8W^;$M##724\TP9C!+I6UPJ,O?N;;7[^^KIB2%FE.UTT6VY]+W




A?+U;




MOB-CYTQ*Z(=V%N





%CT*X$J$D



)FTB1-UU [JP-BKQV(Z$<QB.VM2^ZW4L/$#





9ADF8



MWGSQK[#(.IY^GH.0V Q1I444
$CC4*@=UNG
VN=N7U'%1$R::C6JQJ1)
#S0


4?RF5N2GBTT\G&MWPP[Z$7(W5QL05Q59GE%
83

M$
]QS]7T8KJ_
MR)IGNJ!]!;<Z03;4? 'D3\^*'




P(740Y8A0+XS-^+7-S.@*OUD_2


M=+LEELMB:QD@4Q4L!U-(&

; 


M#].HZ^_I^W#=
(:=1$=

MR( ?B^84CQ)6YMZK-.Q
UDB03Z=:I&H4:2+! ;E.5SIYX

M0%M&UN[XCKUP [E$4



NY$9.RA
MF6]ENV
GA_?KB:.QIXY-:R+ND@(2S*0;








MXVOC

M( QG?1(AMQ$OW@+J5-RK[!F[(9J\L9?



$[8IX4

MVCKILUT6D6!?B:$-90+0!0BJ0JAD%6  VYG+:&AHB\4%,L,2A0J(@5-BP:

OU8K9A'&JQV.@]

[A&D[QS-0U)*#OW#AC&DA9
MV2

R@=0(<PI:?8^%Y:<F_+IS(QTW]]OV8)%O5^K%!1^6&3XPH



K7^N]Q;F0#OS


MBDDW%ZKRI2BQ:;O2C


3F/:

%6H[O=Y
3?EN;;8EN

M04U;%G+-4^15&7U@YQ9A2GKI*F3^$4

MJJH:'.LT@[@8*%JH:&H2P(LMIH:JR+91OH!2UHB)KW*$


M#&84

V$AFA6G*0M)HD-V9=;O%I#Q[)JV34HTFX'Y5@1BI


M9=_C]#;^64MO;


MEK?W# .J1F'5V(]I.(



M4NFIYL 1I
3:2I;EUOC(_C^S/:ZC^4D665\?B!35)XY_J
H/@M\$'W]1QR]_


MU%(O.\1TJZA6N$!3S=-[$;L+$;#42=6





H90!XZKFU^G(XB
M5?A*FU(Q

M[:;_  E305^JV_
U!//UV.V$8




8JI/

PI525[U5'*(#
BSH
M))=TG:.0'5I?2OQNL
INS&W-:1HV(GJ.*%&A;BU^*-*)J?3K(879GVW]9P;P

MZ#MMB7



MAJJT5%.

MOYE^Z;\U(-CC.#35&19JK*#-!051&K?2PA8@KZP!_EV15$4G9^@TZ7
5
D;+
ML;



M-!E-34\=OC8F_%+;6W)@+L0%%F4W8@=[:YN

M2021JCR2.ZZ])XMH]&F)B&

MQ;[?V8*VY^.


4;2

B5=
(
M[B

B@:EVN+
MK.I


A5&Y+E@ !ZSC/\AGR%LNBJ?QU70JD&_=<U-1'HW \V-([^DDX'+Y_K^\
MG/!6^ ML&^K[W=]'T8:U]L+S&'Y83J
K%8\: Z=+RG5$?2R1$D&[2;
3?F.Z6:^HZ



M

+E2


'DV;YG!TBKZM!^B)
MWT'VK8X/X%L$6P+8(P

?0ON?IQ3C4!UW%SSW/7V?5B
MJ5HHW)TMZ2-A8\O63C/Y-5(^_2-?GE-_HQ'B'E@87X7KZ\/Y^V.T0^
I3X



'16C8DAF0J+$@]-*K8?));\HXK\NBX-741..-32PRRH+V:FK&

NA9*NHX.KNW621G5]1\
MU%NX9KW4J5 9MA-Q\JRBNKLS405^;0O19;E\CR&9(:GABMKWI^)IIXTIXUI8
M&:

%D#


;^.'
MY8.X]F-)\






T=
CPQ%Q(X?BZ2%D ON-0U*-#*HTGS26U$FV



MQHWD=1%$](+

A;96'CBH
]#3WHI9!-)QI%O;;4EH=2E;2B
AB%52;W

M]U#*9&TV5]0Y6%''19;5Q94_'2986J82Y9UD#
7/94YJ@[J !8V[IQ14R+

M:V/?^_!V^GZ?LQ6#35U:\M-1
.G1S\WUGEU&.SH'PB#L+12_2!ROWB/3R^?%
M!6$H(2IV *

MZ2/BKI[VL*._JYZ3;EBMJC3U%- U.98JEK!E(LDBFZBVXZ;&_P V
T73-
'/



MO6(@7TA =_98W\/UARQ*S*XZ#IUY=
=LXN#VES*PLLCPS+_P#-IXF;_7U8
M/V?@;'!P
;8Y'!&#RP+6QL


O#23CBDRPTZP3%58L4M/
M'(H*Z;$ML!WL(S$FZ _%V6XV5[GS5V MIY#O'NXS9N8$GFZJ=N5^IQ$+K;'
M;\?!G;VKJP-A4Y7F ;$F.*#61L-S-#)OXGGCMI3BF[29BJ$&*9HJN)AL&6I

21CJL#!7Y=4+L&ZC(D* L&()7PMC)K-3-W0Y

[*3;
M5A*&-') 1$6S!4C ZH@W![FK\XW+7WNXU5%'25LN9LCL9J;*WK(BCH8FEIIZ
M=)8Y.ZQ)\D
SV#*P98R=M2D]??GC+
QDF6GH8*8S5(BT(&J(((VX:WWDG9$7




MAJUD9&5TN1%)4P
#YVAA/ R
K@

!L
MW
6VV&*:C:_IX1OW6
:7TV&D@Z-01CR





M PM[

OM/3QP:VCTAB3*=6G5=MV\[
MACNZ;C4R*!WK8GSO

VD.5-K+I);


MU8V]_?KAO?Y\9D+5U4%!_&RGEJYW:_H_2/+F.6
@L

W':*N99F%.L@DU4LT3^(<QL&'OR_R[L\1\9:/\
MX.G_ -D?1SQ-3UDF8Q


233B\$4DP70LDHW1;_ #6-CGE
:K
J-(Y&
MJ
MIFJ74Z%68+&'*Q


M;YJLTJJNER/]^2T(J8\Q2NEIQID6MHH.Z&([B
SJS/%&FID:P%]-IY&K:G


&1B2

M&KCT]T6'7; %K^DW/K\?]MNGSX[2KHJ4?4(]K:VM;8^D@]QN;^HXBTU$!X

M&5FM^+OYP86W4 CO GDN^V(JM:DRB U$VE0=$%/



M
HYA(M#V?IW9BADDJJO
*@@VL#I2JHZ4

M$3 ERE6L]Y-6PM%+B$6WXZ[C20U/!1Z4,=/MXT;\4I;O ?*(N; CQ.]SS&

DE154U

M:G_LZMIH(X(:R24U-13


@F26

HH4XS35






E6#9U\XZ;:O4;#87WMMT%M\9B/WW(?RM)Z^%OJQD/\




M
.M D8S-Y_?95\Y\9[FLE/'1/1UT$$
Z1<6)9?.L0
M?769WF+95D59')IJ)9*J:I6(@+-'0:F=6 OL\::GCVW8K8;#&:.%S2#,7J9A
M1.E!/%44\Q8T$[BHHQ(+TU;J&J8JV_<743H;*:16S'/HO)J0KY76+Y6Q_?2




F^O7YP.V4Y1FT
T(F1:3R/+*
MS+TK%FCF




M_?Z
=#ZA]9VP!R]7V8R-K23IJ(O&C;6^0UNH/Y?3GRPI.X.X!M:PWOSY=.OC
M]6)Z
RR4-4;


ND5Z.

M\LQ_V!M\^(EDFK)$
O#AI\KK:IBRDK(ZNL21;%E#7TB_G]][JN,LDC\I36B
M:$:POK4%9%(DB81,NT].SQ.;

7^

M^S^:1P:+H()R -)7340




'%!5()JB

MS@:26(M(JS/''=A(YBU1E8Y;!FLQV%D#D[&^(UB36DD/%D5KZD4*6


^W/G].,XWSH&Y^

M_IQ2S%HK*-.^_H O\W3%91$9+FTSQK?R*K()L3M]F'M!](V\?\ +LD+'(,H
M5%U-Y!#Z+[PY\OF]&

RD=C#!\E%
C



M4T;:]*ZVC^
16L3HCY*V#1U4F9Y37&

MT+QJR+IN==Y=0.FX%B3

EP\:JJ

;26-RYWOZ3OW?9MRQ+FT



_8NHE OY'5T



M3:21(CIN+-WM!M:^G6%%K[7U7(\X3J!+O:1QPG))[T6M9#':RW'%B1T9KJI!
MT]V20&.0R5AC6YC6ACDMOYW'*J3[/.-[FV_/$!7RE(NU;39K0AF[MI*W+:
MFGC'F-Y[M=4NEW53NPTG*95^#P#S29TYVW*ZP ;\^_MZ;^OSEJ+.*F2**9Z
M2EHC1+(@E@CDEKPD\IC=]$MX(Y0NM9 P[B]XB;
\RK()87*\!M#2)3T5+3)
M:$+P]7DL$7=32+7V![QW))R)&\DJ'7FTX6_7N(K?\?KWOTL:'NM7--)'%%0T
MD
]55S\7@Q^4U
-/%$%IHIYBY

MP66..07'=O)&KV'+?':3]^0I6D)Y12.E+4:+ R4T_&EHIBH))X;)44\LC 6'

MOXXAIJE[E()FV&XC8CEXVMA


R$]7V?S
MMJBE2&H\DJQ&FHC6D









C:]1V8&
:2C+RYZNTE7%69I0T4LU0BS&/@T].W

M6II&E@2G







M*B+'I!15CMH 4[672-/A88  %@ !X#8?@QPS2[1122GPC1G_ -D'$61YS-^+
MRNO(/)C2RHO]=U5?IQ6=G\VR^F\KK:7R:'6L8
DT&MG?DJQK(TA-@S'NBRJQ

M5'EN2(L5)3QK*/.(L7!Y7


(^6.F%P
+S&)-CZ\=H-Z6 ^$P'SQR?J_


++!&3&&
M#ZG64D$:G6XW /2VX&%FD C5=(X3F5%4



8[J&VM(0ZR'+
MT#)SFS.CF%AW=)BH9LPF78@:- Y$6LNTN;4%




M#6&C+KHD
$\R
Z=TZ'X6D



DD1C74LD0(DBB!


=G
7K^;GZ,-4Q%@5#%6U(=]+64\[VUX.XN-K'<XS-5+
M$'SKEOL^K&8']^2^L

=325MHHK))&;FQTZ#9)#X#NFXZXBBB6&F[XV*6

(--FFHZA1XZW

M7]DDK+\PMB++

%



MR&&R;
JF:2IJ:B
SRRM-+

M=R3[1A







M#W0PMMNNWWHOQ4?Z_0!CW]_# ]_L^WY\7]_FQ?]N,LWSE%]/QHWL=N8WMO




695U@&ZY/FKYGED.8TX92&?BW;XP-=8^!8KWT4@LI




MTZWCN= E\PNK*;8)CB2YT1QJ-SLJJ/H P_:*B\MRVDISY6N812SM-#J84T







40U-&K'3:Y78WN0NW


MJ
I^^(Y?RU*_U&_P#NQ%OB/%\#G[<*+87;$HLV_B/F

Z9(I$E1O!XV#*?80#BBJ4KJ2EK(OQ55
M3PU


M?4R6;U$838GU?:
-O\[?[..OS829RD
K\_-C=NI\!@997.UQ P'B[*FVWY
M3 _1A




M


MJA;A=@+W-@-\-1TKR&5X(W=K7+C5R%ALUUY#PP(T!U!%!\0HO\]OOQCXN/\






J9AVT<A[RJX^)3N
M( 2

MI5SPR)$\GXT.1?4I4GAZ&(W//3W=AME%)G%+2M!F\T-3(D7[T:.-.+PD9%(F



J37J272
MT2TK:&*EYE[G$N:1:CRI:1DGCGD[*T<44]'\144=(*M&J'G423:YY &J _$C
M9E,</!BDF;1)49MF%+0^51S34S0YK4\3,IHH*:2MDXZ4W$DJ###PZ1&B\F2T
M:-4<01HL(U+EU#PYJ.H-535NG*8*!LLHU7+))'*L@IQ/&&IHJ:9HUDK*B20
MQ6EJXOQ3B3%;E-4V4Y=!3\*2MRZKHZ\!F



MPHQ*


M 8[




^IM#2.B:7'$TJT8

M5CS\WO


M
N&L


#SF


D
G#







Z1N!.A#EBFB:&


=E&5Y)548J,PS$T\
MO$=##Y330[+:QR(TAN#TZWQFDE)1YAV<JX)==%#&D*S@F3XBFGT.;J+OH61


MS7PZPP04NMHW2I2TUD^
9@=.M0I)2[:A8 E=K^(XDU/ K+IA=78PTXTD/8W^
M4+AFU;6 '6]L5:FJADI


MG&D


MU1G=1/%31P4;Z*VNJ8:6F;\@LVJ20BQ[J1*VHV.FX.*G

9
NRM*

MTQ\


U=/4



4C0=*-UY'


MO2;?K_NPH\J1#JT\

-; :D*CDI -VT^G;T;[X3RT3-W=*
M!19P;V/46W]HMUQRV/





1ZK2Q



M?SN
0!S_ (7Z=\1P2+5LL=E5HC;HI-^1W._LWPJUB-&@C[FFQ.KS;+S]N
TN




MXD2IICQ*AHJ@E#!'*4[RZ%LGR07U#F


ME@(DA$
K'O6DU\0*+!SWF5=RPLMAZ
5=!+454=0E0L/!0:?B]3K8DL3NHT[[
M7Y7.%96OI8-I)4V-[
.8/I'AB_TV^G#$ 7) 'IVQ-6P1F/XZ @N0]YT!1=)[

6_01SR])4+].&SZG!LD4S=.]H4?0SGZ
'/G;5HIE7



O?E95#$A0#
M8

M+X0\3^R=)?\ @Q3U&1_N:57D?E1IYUX:K$:OC2586LHXJL;(P=K#2;L=)P
M%FIZ?LO4S7 %9
8]7
0+54\D?/Y+%I&7\T@C8C[SUF6S9YG
N92Z8&BEHH;1
MR2&ZZ(0Z!$:Q41
X)MWF!QD-8*C*
VREGUM#2U3TQW[T+QN#I!W 28A['?XW


M#*]+3/*UKRO!$TAL+[E2QL  -]@+8[3T3SY08J6G9W2HAD6*(LQYQDA$%]

3'M'FE#'EGP6M-4@CDFFNC$0Z&/$8:;L@9@D;OT'I;LW/45]!

$
4*_DQ1I&/F0 ?@
M]@%=NSK2QS/RSU%.66UB%D6?AGF;,)VV YE3YP4X%:G


=
I$C )

M


4%%+3PL:O

0N1)W




E!-1Q20K-PXZCBQS-KDXR265V:2\FK:S




96+#EJWBE.PM?NWYVOAZ





#RL #C:R@#2RV[Q^5I

M&Q'6X-CB+IA1^W Y[83 W)Q/R'I_7C-?^[:@?FI]$T?X/_LZUP![49?))H 7

=MCKM??IBEC 6QM_1&@?62?:Q]G+'W;Z+7DF4UJK;R;

M*4991;5!PI
1%X[VND4JPO)40J?E

M1ZQ7HP#$4!X;ZZM74AV?O-&55+F]]J[LIF67TU94SR46K+IHX:VCCG+5L F(


M '^(B^B-=L=?5[^_VXM^OZ
#Q]^N+VQ45TD3U#C4D-F8VXU@&VQZ'J
4=3
M%4P+402R)#41LFI#:10ZVN%Z%;W78[CE;';UD:;*5#22-#1/TTEM4RJX9)
Q98U6,QD7%[P94&D?


 DT@F(W)
=V4ZC?GC

WR.FJ1'7&-ZNEL4#4CRR0EPD@


-WTECG9GW6$W1HE!%
MAY^
PSC-VS.GH
N-
IBEK]QQ:S;F^HKBIHZB0B2GT
M=5#R,VB*8=P;))&I4A=^[J(/)\)*W45

MG





11/(&36EW!U2.75FU;$@#N@D@$Z=/+U YPL:YE4K&RN


UI_+*+


D-F(


M&9#BD$S;6;9@C2=-(/(^CKB3+%2-T9G=-+,'20&:Y'?9=M5R;7 %VWL+'Y
M U0R5



POS^*D*&W]MBGCB1D

MXS

_[(9]E^2SYE740AI8F@UDU%.[@S


(Y954HC*DJGO$

O]$%OFLIQ+FU+'TE?8$:5 YJ&'G
IY
M$=





\@ L[V4*NBP Z]

M &HDJK1R]Y+D)(O=YL3*]4U97=H:?=*3
T ]



M


=DZ
MNJJ\L)J6:0Q5#PQ2N27:
)&UBQW;2S



MI;F0O$3J!^7R.[?*YBH


M/+5MOYV]KVY8R';

MJ6?+
Q7;Q\FDN/?J/\N[-%_@;+$55T^1Q%F.UNZ.1OS\!:W6XQ(Y#-$UG1@
M2 E]OE'D?#Q%\9S*4







MF

K?TVW&.QG9&;M34RZI&IZEMQYPFHO(UM%/&-2W<B[.;_%K8G=D!KNS=+D
MU D4O:W/

MJ.T]7DCOK49E/4LKQ1N)(WJZ3RNI6!U*J_QH&EEOW2+#L#4?==JS+^Q-5M






[[-UU/2TI@BAFIJB.2U1%)
SN32QT]Q8MQC(Q!650\;)Y
MV&J*3+
^I*:OJ'ED@I:G7)(C)2B228G2=5SNNR
!I+$*UF9 :N?)JJDJ*GX2


:A]/?I*B/:6#6LD=W59 ]N(JEU7$;\*



M/^[:S^:V_KIZ/F][XX\A@-.S%HPZR(=D*AE-A^=KW]0Q\KV?X6GKV[3YE3



MI8HZK-^











O[/PTU/KGAA&G=:?NI$/2UN




Y4D$E+3-'+4)


YD5)9X*V?RR_QA
;:).$GGCRC5K70\E_A_*7
$5-#3R5/D]WJ!
M3I/4
Z+I=8_B9)94[SMI0^:;:2I*XH
TK#3!F;0ZAWD



V9-G65SQM)-3) 8ZT=ZH3C2R1J\TA.J0P






M
-

M+4
]/)/%3K4?%/*)%$8[RCS VH+N^B/4V^YV/6D:6)()C3O11R)&:E7*
8'8







MIINQ79VOIJ1:BNERVEHJ@TZQR
M5LS98SY<#/-.\:1QP^3E@K2,54D0QL[A3FF9U<$]+$KI14\BR2SU,NBIK3HT
MA8:/+T+S5$LKR)&4AIY&MYT3Z%DS+

M!':BI+II5Z435
$8N==V_<5VSJ

M
R11;QLJJAM!]ROLH(H?WM415,(%JRFKJJ*H$@_A5^-:)'#=X%8P ;;6QD\
M&9Y0ODU17R9O0HC&*JKBYG %!*QU

MR[

7DFD&
MJ0@4YND2
8]1[I#

MZ[$W[I2/T@FJ*TDE175%0\RE8A=E5-+1*L? 2



M#

M[P5LQ%]Q*H#^EN6*I8RR4U%*E7531O*M*I47558D)&[]Y62
AHDU'GI !Q




M6P4
H-8&YMFN04PJZ4P1TZI4S/IF4,'1UX=0) TJ2%U@F43C@W8HJC;2\4
MTD$[4*1()*F.O^)+%FBA@BDX
GFZ=#



RZZIX9%-1HXDL[


M
9'Q8N-



MFP7LUDJP2O1PU?E+5U0G&9DX2*E(CL+ -)J+F62W]'EWFPN5TW9^D

MA7(N;W(XBEM_ U-234P:I9:=H]*'A0RMQ=*[#2R\-=0&RQARK;]PMEH'KQ

M*9V4E91WBT-C)8&^:S'(IH:?
3*8Z^%DI6=U:GI]%U6.?O/?^#;C:38LP=F7



M7)




K_HQNWU XX
O\6_M

M_)(JG2.JB


T)

P?AT-23_%
H];
M]T?21^%V.CBG6L0QCBQM$PE%@VB0
-!/
H#&=K\WP:+3?O


M'


MJQ2Y7Y#(9$L\Z7TNS








MX(

FIN$]I ^@F2ERK(Z?
)8JR.


M2P1.'%YKK8!44D*O-WN%)JLH[/RS9;DC(E;G+ E2A$\3\1W#M(5(T 
0D5DT


K(P#*RE
M6!Y$






JA69RJ:G2+

MQ3=K
[J*C0M:6B1M+OP*6S/U1(-]/RVY7L!?

M1:]RIL


ML

]'15BSQY@

M/:[J'

@/CJ@BU'VOJ^][?P/9CV?@6.-.+8L
'[^2]G*[.6+H/)Z*._&K)5/





$@J(XP1'(S1)Y@&E


ML3?&81)\(
\D0BX:1\1.0

GGJ*'*1PIY(UD@BE58F*B!

M%
/**V*()/6Y?+2U%/3+P]$A
-3+(-%HP'$3B0R*TFMX]+ LYQDF6UTJ45)Y

'
J7-LS
MDRJDD+RTE*E3Y5!





MR
58TU%2OY

'9@




W]1_P#DQE':*CSN62.D5_BDXA9Q8;%$M8@'?7?E



8.
)H7
M0S:5D*@JCVD0$$F



B:7!U7W;)

M\6)U$

+%&NI](8L 0 .]I
MT\O$?1TP]I)9 #;

QR&RSH+E='



M+4J:0BQ2(JQJ!_!QA+(J[#3](.^#(2;#FFQ/Y-N1-@18CD5-_7OBNG2BC
LS

*F'3&E@;KL1U
M&**MU:4&Y4=Z


M[


NSNI66E$20S
M/-.TLDJ(O#@4L5L2))&-K=Q#9N\=*@D0UDIFCC1 ((C%J!OW;=WA$BW<4BY-
M@&Y%;8RNMHB9HG$.E[L49[<4EU,:A(]3G39+W%V)53MJTP0I)/72U,DE8COQ
MT,ZQ-HU:QH4 Q@*.&1H.C0\9*ZFTK69Y#EU4W #
JA9+)WE4. Q!6^V^_T^

MHX4%B1Q+'Y&V
OME;4T7E;5
5
M+$S6FBAF[T@

:J





*:

=.ZC'_
M ?M20
BK+[=ZFY_^9BQF7Q1BK86'%C8*]CY\9Z-XB^WJ;T#&7/Y363U4I\T


M:-UY

MA(@
:



2=RY()]H_5@=H'M8TB]+V


MA8O0
+'Z
!-(]_HP[\P
 7WZ?JQG68\)/)HF^

C_:?D.H6YVNI_P%
M=1R=H^S06.0K)5444EU&E6JHQ&[)(;&\?'5D:WI(!*XS3L]FV6

O5*3WQOZ']GSWQ15T=3%5V_%%OZ#

M_F][8\M_9BEJ_A3C:I=##0*=!=8Y/C+

M[PV-]SOUMOI-KZNE\9]4QK%%(CE7@/&1Q;S]N0%O0 2#JOX#$=;+FTJDQN[J




MS.[I[NEC6/'-%Y19]0F1VL$5.^#&[.YM=!$[*JL3W H M:^:PQTQJEUHU&TT
M-5#:0

M6[P[FR[8BJOA FF7@QM
X




OE\LI1K4B
MIIVT2:K@W'.Z\N^O?'Z6


+E?\ -L;B
3034TC0U$4D
J^='*C(X]:L =^G

)7C4\H'=XLKJITU5!(37\'+ZD:ZV-J331U0'DW[ZUZ-4*: =5/=65#

MJEI$BG0?O!E5FX
@B:T5)%(?C-%C/Q9 =VD(O9J&7X*BC



MM0QPUOS]_P!F-6Y_7BT?C[^_PS%30453?4-
G\8@TM[=B&\.\#Z+8JLGGA




M3Y#3 DEB4@A6Q/

M K;:XWA[.5.L))4TNE39Q'*'D!ZJ$L-[BV(


M1U9IUX0;3'JNO('ZQZ+\O'%'5U$8*0.*BVK@.2;:N80WNP%SN#J'7QP8*?
M




MTNP:&*2









MDO)$ZP
I\U]9LRZ+ZF4J+VW.P:Q*VQ7K!+05LL

MWY_;C;KB_H^SPP?L^\/?W]_3@6OO]'OZ?3CM*NG
$/Y=-&WS/(OV# _RK(HV


?1Z=L=
MH?\ N7

N]^



3_&1D2@ABN]K_
M # \[=
:;-X
;XR]XZ_+XEKZ:&8*CH#5


?N.R)B]LM
M8*I 5O*ZLA[]1^^-AZ\2]C\B*&-*7A3%#:3RBK.ENAT-.5Y].6)^RU/#*4C
M5:AUC5W@#3J;';4)+VOO:^%['93)2HU1!-23


MR&


7:)1!

KS93FR)$(YZ





MW^G%GQ9QROC2Y^?V8X74V ]'N






NPV34U&LTC3RNE5$



MOXXW_N_5_A*;*




 P MR%KVW[.6WLQZ_?;K[



MK7W\/;+'&




MIHJ9 (6D522QB%GY\S8\K$WYXA5%C2(MJ*J 0;7L=MQRWQKB9&0$AU-K$$7]
M*^(].*MV^&*2%F8++$RW&P#7U*V^U[K;?GOB5XH)U.E)*HI92.;(2.9\+V.G


MS'
$#\.BH:K
*A*6CA::9^2KR ZN['NHB_*=B%'CC(NR$&4F.IJPE97@W\TM


MDH_M1_T
?#S_ 



M2C^U_P#U6/W1G^2_^L/^CC]T9_DW_J@__2Q^Z(?R9A_\Q?\ IC'[I!_)V_KK



J@ \SS)._S'+80
MS/$YU&6.1DMJ\R22;2.5M32$:FLNP&)

MA(Y$CJUEAD1S$+%AW0C2AY!?J;R$&W07PS([Z[J%).H#Y


M4:H^( N\9OH.H^B^*[/DJ]+/'/(*?=F6
:94WU.%




R:=)


M0Z.YX<RLC$W@F41@O<MNI8\0=#Q+6PKB.F

/?W^G'O\_HQ[
M_JN/6+=,;G?VG'ZOI/LY?-Z\9IEPSG7T2QDM$YY VW5K?)?8&VX(#;VTE\
MES-&T^2NWI0HRGTW#?78^(O@9)FA_P#'VR0CZY!A<@S
\XD7]*:/_A9L#LW
MF!YM3+ZY&^R
X'9BK^544P]7$/UHN%[+2'SJQ!ZH2?\ ZBXD[+R@7BJT8^#Q
M-&/G5Y/JQ5Y=647X^(A.0D7O1G^D.1]#:3Z
6]F+VY_/^O&_2QP7/JQJ.+GQ


L




M)!X=]%5*$D$AA4%AQ/

M6*.--F0[J=C]Z3\7)^@W^R?OT


_Q;2
0-8FQM:X.Z^VWS_/C23R%KU_'^[KZ\'2#;4-7@#O
M[
9EEU!7Q&*N3B)OH87XD).^I' )0CG^2UK
K#;&;=GZC+]=13EJO+PUA4*A
M#1^SK\GPXBWC)YE&.@?@Y-V;K,V99#3T9/^
.IO)XK FW$/Y^T:[W8L-)R
M^BH\HDIZ6BBX?$U++*3=I/3
WG




MTB_B
/VGRV1;%*T



7$:P+;EM^@:FJ]

#5[2=NIY^.


XQ*QCBD=!K9$=E&^[*MU%AN;G;;QVPU95IPCY.KP([]QKK-(
M)BL8 D;^+1?07%[%PN!F%5PU=J8WUA6012W]V\ER2MCWD@L0R$]]22K5]6
M +P:3I!/Q





C_+J+]X6^.O=-.K;@WVU#IX_DM;*Z#*J29W

Z[JR@HS1DMWHT!-PF]R0#RL1CW]_?QQ*0D4A8Z56.0LQV  4L2?0/P
M






H\P6-VORO?%/$:4 $RM8DZG-V:_/E;;Z

B*5TF(DA2U@5('H/07Q%$:S2A&F



DDDTC22


;]&'UWP
U0







D4J*2C/

(\<@1P11L!(W?=9^)(

M&1?XAR-8]/L&]36/YS'#H\;%)%9'79E8%6!\#N/P
KR.2KM/4ZH:;F!RDF
M\--_-0_ED7(\P?*$

4
:Q0H$C3DJ\O2?23U)W.]^?WOKY=?M]/LZXM]/O\




V&LG\M!?2



M[;^.*[)Z'
G4UE)#. !WG%I=SN%E2T@7K8




;*
M%7QN2;\M[C%=VAHJ5G6*






#9N13O=VZ




M^#8M#1B272Y6]F7Y

)!
MAH(H'619'9EM8OIZ*Z:;A5VLY//G;'SW][_5@^K'0#U_LQ[VQT]_?WVQ;;W]
M/V8.UL7QX?-[_5X8JZEKUU$=V&PD7NRIZG O:_)6U+U(Q7Y!54EWAO4P^*
M#XU/TX^9M^4EQU(7(\CK&BL[L;*J@EB?  ;XRO(%ATSUP#R\U@V*1^&OH[^


M .L?2



5&
M;M4EN)/KAO\ B^[N.GAO?TX3-HP$?B 2IYNI_H-@1;IX8':8%4#O%;8-I7ZV

6H\=&\!JM^OZL+VCIVNA*Z6YZ69V(/
M3??EZ\-VDRFF3XMS:Q)01OL?2VGZ_HQ+VO$I81:V*C\I8T  _.:X]N).U+MW





MT/\ +:0__P!1#_SX\OH.E;2?Z3#_ 

M0+
XLTBS0!F']?KU/

7_/CR^A_E
MM)S_ )1#[?EX&84/\LI/])AV_P!;'E]#_+:3F/\ Q
/_ #_5TQ\(4'\MI/\



%0$ Q$$(0 2
04305$B87&!\ 84


^<-4



[GE^S<ZH %BKCI
M^4M)CI:]0Z\. S?2#KIZ:N$1[?MQ=:C.G1'


M^B:2^ T$O2=
Z!W;KC_;QL5






MV%*F1-\JK)$VL1Z-N'VX;0940@^C$J5!LI7!
X2E4Z1=/HCMY]N'@





.3#;;)41#AA(/T4#C/UM(Y\<.EEEHKW:$P#TEK5 N+DRD:2;XK-NT+(7
M%=3H

NY5J'YZ
=/_ %DW!_BVC;3Z
M@/CGCSEV_2$<3D;XZ_1TB^#6/F05IO'\6U?E]PR]BCJ1AG:593G.R[NU1KN

?A

CVVY_A_:OL.FI9I[ZW_ /C





M5
UM/2[MBDH7 XU6



MRE55--+VF5)+Z6UCS2A$C/E.E
#?J
X_#^U_YX=1_$TVG'^*Y^.?X?VM_.S?

7Y


AQ!P 28 QN
MU8W9\7QNSSQM1NK32/N4M0A@M

V59&HC]_4+*W
MG%*4K4J45*/:57[KQ;&5M*K2.

3/H^[NU/W8WC)N

%UK

/



M8W[1
6[X'JPIUJ1Z([AX^'JP'6I.@$_#QX&%*:4#W=7'LP&P9 )'7)D=WW:8
M;754J]XPZX@_60I23[.'5(QL[RF6


KU=W'!^WQI@?#'CXXCQW#&77$(1D4Z8YR)MF7E%XY#\X]@D

M:)@E
Q3T^\@91;


FTN0%2D@&.D%1A:
M]M[(6G.VO;NS[0XV$IVFPD+9(WB+(K+!*4J0 XL])93Q9VU1U^[%*]\[F2%T
M[@W=0T=Y!2II5S LQ3F2)]*<4[^\3F4/1;9)TOG9WD=V:.$XLIW+8P53R]%

M8J*G)9!2I8
DZA)TU43?J$0-=(P5%9)4I2M(Y6B8X1V#JX8/5]G*?4=#@#G.





M#U&\=YZN&.V3W::]]KZGJTC!YSR'MUGEB^GKUUTX]HUTOPTVG_#JG]
?Y4XI

W4-)*0M61P;I:FI2ZTL^F$@8JZC8

MQ4L5*=C

MK:[KSU*7@A9'X/JZMO:#V9V
EZ@+:W95FRKL(TV'M%JGV'YE^$U[+J?PD[59
MCLA6TDN
Q556_<<<=4E J
_HY-
MEVDMF_%)-PGY(Q$ $V3P.I5^B!=7=8:J(3? 6D#HMWM=8E#^I.Z&;Z*5!RT


G

MN






M7
]5_MG'FQ-KGQV8-*K3UX\W(F9[/9\9X?#&X/'N



*D'TDG

J-M. M_AQE -W$CJ2.WQI@H;[;?3
?=A02#





MA Q5LG?L&/\ :4*-M 6 )[XCV7MBA:**E*B4*2\1^8HU-,B+\DIS'7#%CEF
MT(Z.D2IOW3WZX/T.I:)CEF:3]^-K[/HJK*Y4, K

M8A1=3TJ



%[8CB4I;59FMIGW.DRQ!R_- P+PE2O2C48V9M


O@.%I\<]?C:1C-\1$7X#MYVB
M

M3UJ.B!Q/5)%/3LTK2&&$!#:!  ]I)U4HZE1N3^\UM$Q7L*8?3(-TJ'IMKB M





MD@-0X892GYW/Z










MQ6A] 7*BG2W[U7;%I*TER-R^?XUL#I'_ 'B+!?;T5_G1;%1L2MIY.3?(^NST
MO6B




80VEL*S_E81E;UC/GRJ7_9
)_M
MP+%_:%56/.T&SB
X %;7V4W2@ 9D-\'*C4)2%0WU0I3=+0-T2&T
B^=2BM1E
T)OXYC6P4F?2X3WJ;3IU C#M'TAE4F+2O*?H\
BN
M)'B
.PVT&4=)162M1&I#2B )^BE)XZE4FT )&9I((CYNHMI]
CAXOBKR-K0Z

M_7E6@?#%:/FVXC\FC6]MW4J]H&&4@(78PH)E' !%)3)X=:IO.%YDOR!)W@5'
M44F.?#WX9&7(%?RCCA


J4/Y/IP;K4H*49-S:2=;

0+1
LJ(Z(*K8V=L]G9U.&6[J/2==CI.
M+Y]21HA/T1S45$_+4U+%&PY4U+J&&&4YG''#4CWDDV2D2I2B$I!) QM#]DE


N-.L+R.MN-+
OCE$]7:;6OK_


_3T 6UNZ)5$A9#2 @+
M;+NXS_.0JZ5#)FA
0

Z6UI!13[F6H*)S*W1A6@G&TJW9%6JIJV



MO$W_ 
/8=?D G%0YN 
J4J)U)4.CRZ
]\FV*FO='02YG5J5_11U('HSUD=V#
MF5F6^M2IX*E2EFPU.@ ]VF+ #E[NJ


<%U5=)?TAF [8GX8+C*D\6^$Q*?MP$)M
ME?U?'LP XI

4^TP#O-TVHP4*MNR.!_)Y+R/I3V8JGUNPZW 18$)G.E7YQ

MF=3E


UB'B$* ;7

#
L]%(U
M4J$B20


MNTJJ:S49Z1IFY%CGG6

MRJ*




MW$]Q\?#&7
F?=U7]F/)NO)*Z%Q4ZN



]ENN-
94TAU#T.DX
M^XE#8#AS%


9




MPL

M:6FTJWC:$-M[Q:=X[G66V@IP-+(R&F_8WH%

:

AZ
MG=5]0%:2=/1*DA


J7G]P



M^-


4U9D
M)09Z1U-XT!_5QTP6IS.-QF2 5-7)CZ[9^DD\O2293?&SG$U%
IN5%Q&90'
1

I3


J2K


O

ME

MNB6DTU0ETJ0&]U4#+$*S?-N-+4I15D@;Q(/5CR1V125^VS4TKI31LFI=:J


(;2I1(/&1:T6MW\





)\V04(2AQ*$(0

MW-F2I]-RH0XF!)F+


E;\GKI;T8PTAK(ST%2%/#TM)S \.<C W?FTE
MA\V[JL3Z6:-.NWJOAQRG!

HW:SPN2GI*0R0+I^



M]2^4U4]*D%X4M53K%C66V\R3^:\RL#]''DOMIOREHUFO;IEUM)49E,AH;M


M4E2






O,/7XC ^0 FPX^/'+%<XE3KC:#* HROZRN)_1&@''7
MCA$%)&B.*SJHS[A]P!))PA2T)2(%LW/6Y/=?%4H/.NN35.$IGZLP+=F 0E
M4S:+\OAC.GE/?X'=A2U+OI.@'NC9!!B;S?JOP[
$N+*B;I3?3HWP
QZ? D]
M@CV8I 03;A?[\!ITZMJ':(]^ T\-$'M*@/CA-.LDYI'(V

M_1$6[;^K6G0(RF9UM]N'&75\)/:G[

M.
S
=$7!-R.. E93*;$:X2Z9L!(MITL#(\@)5Z9L9TG[.?7IAQDM@: @V(]F



MN(VG3*!;;+CH82'%U-D@JW6Z25+'HRE$WRX\FZ%%'L79J%4^Z?%

MCA+C@7(P0I1$&X$#&SJK'E)MO:=12[EIUJFI:)PN(47&VTHWJLJ%&SBFVU
M]

Z)P[=,\OCC9+N^V=1K_P!R
ME![6OF_]/R[63^[ZCD=WU[*=2HQZA.$]1)O]#7^V<(2?2A(_2E1]9XX5<QE





M3P*@


MT

%F

R A7S N\#(%OGTQPY:X:L53N9*Q
!(T'2]F#^2G.R+N1
M=*1
DCAKH--3.(Z


MN3:2
.W53E*J=




G(HI*75$*M!V?^$7ZYU6S:9;U1
M4(JV2VTVMP(17-.L.&1&3(AY65Q:@E! 4JP./)G8+VS6FZK:*D.[2\S9HDY
M
M+1LF44X6/RCDQO7-#D0A$I1G7^]^52?W'3N?4J0.?I-N'WH& !XZN8Y\.T







*2:C-J!%\.4;BRVEMQ
.




CW

M7
X

9]0/NQYK3NNRZWGC=IG






JDI*DIJEJ2%A0#J6U_1*5.[4VTM69NAW$U:*UP-!\;Q


RP[^76
K-72U:5HSN*R$KI6T


M4)!U^[K&%IW)XY3HKG]_

M*^CF$S)B1?+.$)4VO


M:C^@=_R*PM00R8U/1';^J3A0S#72?7RPEM2FRK. M=LLWMZ-^_!HU!#BW?13
ME@JTO
4-:NOJU;*9<6W1
MTJ=[M)QI)6HP4F


MI![=





JCE/&) D:






MU#4'\HTM'

2$YM\W$D







+!2;@C6RA!C


M2GVWFG6MXL4=0VW752$-



MS.N(;1/U05D3!,:F(OBJV@5*J%[9^T6DCI4[-2T*M
)7F4A8=6TY Z6126


M/DMTH0N1U;JT_P!=N._OQY/4SK+#V]0II;CB.BL080$95 3Z)*EQ
$^EQDL;


MG61[S[

JXRY4@'C




M[








T



M*BTNI:*AD4J5]'\Y6*-I%
BD8;*U-H:R)+AS+@-J2C
JV8QJ3?GABEIT[T!I


M
CGAE\/J6!T2&E6)_
TQ?AQGNP778DN.'T1Z2@)

'



M=7YQN=VD62$J48(OM!/S+:N*72#R .?OX##83O4)5T@21U@KZS]4JTBUHMAM
M-4^T\[EI$



:]D\.=]?M/=C363(_P 5X]GCFR?G&^I:??;6

HM/I'#QAM9Y(Y!-\O)/O-SZ1UCH63$C)XZ\-K$*3
M$DV3UGEAIO=(?I:J/







G=1NVB
C:G$IRY&U(8*V&URI#P*5!1

VWV8







MRP(&*MU2VC(C]T59EI(0TO.;LK0Y$(L I(65$+*D!8*$4!9!
I:4E/2:
M6D*2V[#I6EQYCHJ2IP%*G49BDC#KV_%*@/I26ZA38.AU:B1$G(ZE:'FKSN
MEH.NE4HIH'ZG
$BDJ]F5@'+S;:#)6;0+LAP*&0*)XQ.*Y.:G=B.BH+_LJ(/L

P3@C7CPZR(.G9UZ6Q$^L:G3EW<H^
XV1
M_P!9T7]

:?(M9!@843D![
#.K23W
SMC7#6\4JIS93*LRLW3F+#2 !

)2G

K%H<


+_O&W?)VDVXA!<4I
MBJ:!2U4H2%$)-]VZ@D;UN25!.9*DF2E20I84KR'VRMYI2]JTZDLY0TZI52IU
ML),IR(*(20;@!W7CC8NPV-CM$!UVJJ% A=0]KE4LN*0TB3NFU.$N+3F4I:SF
M<6J$Y?QP2-<9U<SC.KGZ\)628.%B%?(TXTM

M/7NQY.NY=JL?[U+[?_PE*'M0/QI&)P3B3C48XXC!Q&-#@XTP


%*8
)D* 4
A0 H9HS7P=@;1HV:A2=ILY/W0\ZH
[ S F8]&=9.D]G#AA:MUMY:=!5[.UX[UA]8[+)6 1U8MO+7$)
MCE(6)/\ BOSTPRE25GDH'UR(]_V8J7=T$#+FO FPF-8/;RP:Y<)/02F0+2L


M#HD'YQ+24K%B19?1D'LMBZ%3


2M:@.1A3
MBS-S!C@D!=-YY3UM



JN+JEIRG)6J5$$9X5A\94BRA&=!4G61FZ0@'0-/2BQG%VMK

MY
7L-1CE/+
.J1/'4\[3




M1U9H(!&L#ZV#T0'0HPKZTQ;4#K 5!PFJ4BI1D 4W;H&%.%0!)

MRXPZA:5!3HZ
C
OA$^/</ND7QXG[N[#?Y1O]-'BT<\-
M;3ST.GUST4SSU$2




M)CZ4:GD


@H$G4DW]W;PQ,(GJQF[Y.
M7UI-_;C:*\FU-BO'BJJ86=)+TI:';GZ4<3&&E)H)%DZ_P#B-B.V<-D*4-




BAU8;]+M!PI)0?<<+5F /'CA/Y
]^&O2[OD695;LP-

G )B;JX9M9

M297DJND_2ZQ,G3LB^&,R3F(U24I2-5$VZY,3R. P_)*FYOEMEA*@+WT$:6X
MS&':%*2=TN5%(D)*;JL$F]Q
Q8]7

Q)ZN[ABGIDYG5* 0

28.-M_\


I3SM%BKZ)X'H=I5SM-\5
;DP1
 6DG6V91LJVA3:(XX)RJC7HY3X

M\2GTK9ND
-=!P$1
]^ 5%Y2EB2-?'5A=1H3'15&-I+S93P]OBV&4L(0IYY
M4+0MM;

'%C^-4!7G*@H$9

N-N] 4SXD^;;18<'8=4

UE0?Y
:W

IH@CFKO3TU





MJ
?Z]+:


M%)5HJ]\I'HMN[L=R$F?63\KGH]^$KR\
*4581&2!?G@$C37'3/UO;AN8OSPH

$
MYA)T[/HJ


O0XEA/I.*2<P+5RHKS

R
M6S(X_


F_22R

MF.(P?2/:;XJK%9_.

P3V[M
^V?Q9Q.#@'!P-
#7''$
M]6#\G5@6QV8.+X'XM?:M])CTIU^N K_ %84.G.ML5(U/4/MPXJ=.6$GYM1Y
M#NQLP @J(!A8.I'35IRPLXJ_N^.#KXM


P
7G2;:'G/


M;G3#(WU+3+28*V6W5&$RHN53S!S$]TWQ3L[M 49,JRS$&^6=.!,\3$\,5C
M^3'T\Z3/6FVO$@J]G+$91
@2D$7!)N+:R9GL'9AU4.4]*Q2.5-0^PJI3+S+
M#3:&7FF2I2G9*B'76\H0B0.W&4HU21?*I(N$JDSI;51D\0!RNS5.(?2PM/S





MV!9??C.GF
!0.GR(](8(FQP4*3I?K&
R]).$H*M=
UL;LYIMK/MQ(&ICLB


M24=$7T/3B_1FUSZ]

MK G
20$I!3828O




' 0


^SGC8*L^RJ=Q4AQ(-

%1
ME)7Z+68D9DH@=$7&4K*6UYTD%24I%O1PITR!&I@E2H%DS;ZT98[#R!@/NTZZ



M=9I7U(EH4$K2^6TTUE',IXD*2!D



I2.C<J440$P

Z?I'3H@*TC0W!.ECAFB2:%U:5*SNE

M7-L5?Y('09[19.AT295_75?Z/ 861UW\?;BF;E:5$1!![1/'Y&N/=^


MB

4H-\H







@*2H



M65[
I

%#4MP(

C4''X1=$E*&Q%KDD_2OZ0F
QX'NPS

M9@/9W5





MF
*\#%YK'7#GI' T'9AWAC5K
MQSP@!1@\L*;$6PT;QSPLRH^K4A(Q(YC'S8,SARZ)Z\)7EX8WJNKKMSU X0

5;AWO12A)$)5D*U$ZSQ@ YK




M#QQP5%A:D^DVH0A0((F K
#!O]'2Q



C.2!TC]%(S3BLV]3TCM:
MP6EJ=HDTRU E*$N-UFDE;:ND89WR



MPHUHH7FGZ=TJ-@G1^EQ--6$C



MFSJNA15)=;=+Q=?6ZPXVVF2D-9PJ'8G+H)@-^3]:XU7(J7Z5I58W1MK\V#I0

M3D:0EM&92EG*@!(E2B5*
#4DD\?D=JJ9@2\^TU^FXE/O.'?*C8;2LAKFU+^J
M@*5/4# 3/];&S?*DVG5N4E.E8*&2]F64C,$K0@@)$_R@,SW8VL/FV5\GG^

MPT'



G4Y!&*E)2^[;5

MBDE?-DI*@KIY@HH4.C%E=(6!VLJ$


%#J/Y-] 2V^U!O+;H6B][7O@C5*HO(

M\?0GX8K596F^MQ4?U5'&?

5/\(?_ *9S_.?'@8COY^.H^!QX

=GBQ\?:


M)E2]0?S8'&3SMQMCYI5

 SE3J.W0'Z./A



I1!GC@MDZJ]F

S





%?IEI




J*E99DF8[C[
M8$\


MROFS


EV#4.

MYQ9+[C364!$*S.)](%


-?'_ -)Z
M\&+#Q]OCJQ1@*J60HD JZ1!B -;D\9MUSQB&=VU4TN5PE&=N;:%2B #?0VE7



$:]^DX
MM$\_?;7VG2
IGZ7(0


X6%&

M
* [^??CR5.ZVFQ)

MVED-HW24I2EO*
@2B





M_9(5\











M/MU@XH6DN*R[Q*5&ZE$Y2(X#K/:9ORP\XTZ

Z H7'UKBTW1XVX]^''G%U):AK,P;.F
M$YHB_P=9
$3V8=J\[RAF(1

M\'%;T*E]



MAH Q&D\\-^3U


M&76]UE7(

NH^NVM/]I)'QPR_YR4P) X'EBIR[X@6'C7GA
M2




CMRD^..N*T(



) 0HWQLVA4QL\(J-R7=[5/(W96MII-35+J @GYA3J4;

MH;0(0A(FR4I)3$:1@;2/R;0



M7=)3([

JSM-+US-H5/:D'Y5(S&9QNAS. D#0?\ 8%*2@2M24CFHA(]9PE25
MC



)2$0?10D'@+FXGUWQ4JI4-M-TX
MSJ^F52
Q41
YN75&$)&242(&@BWK/5






J-ZJFLZEEQM
M:T)SX2FHJW@E(=J:ATP 








A1=M1*H2K
+8

Q3L*#;K&:Z0I34E1A01F2M.?4&


Q&Z9#)AE+I4XES*YTF$-J( <1/2+R3*,WH\/DJE/LUCZ
M(*W7$C+:(41:--.W%6F*8/B%5$P6^KGUX6H[RW1QHM/;SPPYE6&TV5%B+G
M3%,I2VY49)UMQTY=7##NF*CCXMRUUQE)5R'9.%W=A\W';<\O&F#TNS[+GV8

MPBF:1T@G/I
M?





+=4$-KJ60AI2U
M&$ISI6YDS&P+@0F=2

[S=;U;KB4!.?(YE@%2ST#9














/U]

;AJ[^/#I<QC+:YX'X8FR==%&3U3P^&%:*/*_JG#R XV H$I4TK/
M?UIMU*




Q& W



DGW=DX)DD


MAU]WZ[=8Q3QO43Z



M]6.?@S:SI74.E2Z*J6$IW]SFIU0$IS A6Y('2A37I)0%(HE;7\IO*38M365+
M;+B?.6RE946PW44S@0VE9*4I**@I@,OV%^2^SZ7RMHMB.KJ7:.IIR\5J6A

M^*@E&XRH;:=6I4!*#YRI9*H W9*HRXH*R@V#Y7J9V?54S^R=KAML^;O-NMT[
MSA(:2HMJ*06ZC

MS+[27%CYQ4K07)@ VPFNVRR]MSR7VK5)VC.R*UQE\=):'$49J6LSA2EPA2;+

8VX

MOZ7]IQT'%EB5BP6X;'V&(''CPPA:0IM=
@D
NE
K'1G



\[NT)2K*2D





M/7%_B!/'6WK/?P&-E]&AIB)LPV)%M6IU

5
A X7'M$VZO&D8)ORC#

M+0UD+C%8WM%#3J%!:3#B1F:
@2B% 0H'&Q:YRFI$;2VGM*OJA4+JZ5#'FRZA




M+2E#RWO*O.IU3BD

*2 ;&!) L
*VS






F-8[



O7H;A22H;5W%.MML





M75&FN-HN;M-
JY^=/13!
MGHN ]HR]FGJ:D%#]1H2.I:3[Q'PP082;^B3)C^44GUR8^1)$$$CAJ?=C
G
M

+$^K!4K7ERQ)^1F


9$K@3
*[0!-M)PZPEHTX*YW

MS )KZA36;44S==2/-:WRK*WE(X%!!'1(^1S:&QZGRE\HG]LOY*9QBHV=30RZ

M!N W4%+D$3\_$=&VRMAC;WDFRY3?-[4V7550I'4G(I?334^;J6((E3N=E1(W

MI/F/++R8J=-[NJ:?_P!Y6B/_ .*]N'-G;/==54.T-&X^J
SSE



M-F

C




Q 'Y%O3^BZ^CRU


9#%0YO-TXRZHAU;:IR/J5(
M!


MV#6JJ%U2-MU#+C]+3TM6MFDITN/A@$9TKOYNI94H_
I&4Z$QC\#4/X*_ ^17




]3*0M





52P
J

(\N?):OJD4C^SJM.\RMHJ4(:-)GW2GLJG]



M[A=_II.OYJA



J$J40$WP*




ME0B1$I*)_(6L.L4/-MWF#CKV0FRE D!IP,P3E3T+@'HX8\JF7O.6GZ%Y
MI#9&Y6PIMQ+K2U+A9SE@Y0IE(E&\S!U!Z(UIML4U86]RW4;NL;6:=];82RM5
!..'
MCNY?^ ?CV:GUQZI/9@\K6OUVB/7]N(U\?J^_&S$E=?2H&JG(UO^3
6MU^KM
MPL%*BA205)






M+;-71UK;&SWET]

MHR)YQ/+!1).Z20#9(DG+;G)










8Y?O*DI6

MCLPWM_9[(=734=#%0E0=6A+0]


MPX'
(*7AE&6J_1'9\
+)R#*
Z5*(SFT#L&$O*;2H)U4
NG/&R(WB'8NE


 -X!ZL4M6S6%09S$




M7ELL)+JEA(*,RDMYPI.=D;*4]1L4E2^IVG8D(9*4

+)3F65.#\L(=<42T0J54'E0E]UE@L&F0YNFJK_:%@
M!,I4VZC*UE=4&4O+%0@N+ 6KYH[







M?2M-(K==



MM+4&EJ:O9&SJ)NI!(W;R7%

MO*IE-N-D+*U5%2IL)2)4J68RR# OBIV)Y&5=+4[0V;M;S%3.]4E(J4Y4N-YL



6 L(2( 5*4<?TB9$G[8 G5RE-W2;@J)$GT8
M&I '$2






H]GMD#XX(
M FUP![1\H'2 Z\! 






MW8G@;S[/U\
.#CISQDGML8^WOY8HE$.K3I



#AT0?!

YK


Z4JDE(


M0$H#B&]JBMK6WF$4JZFF:6R4K54)+%
I


MF;+86W&$.+V3M):]GENHIPH++=0-PA]IUIIY;8D (W8(+!TO)9*3(H:VI54O



M2;O?HK&GQO5Y$Y4MO-JZ4*X.Z1?%=LQZOV K9;BVT5#M$PRISI*;2\T&B5:!
M2D[Q%C )Y8J/(HUFS]BTCVT2R[LENH1OF6
Q=WSJ'&\I4Z@M;D(@'I23/1C&


=6$TCK@]((
!



MO#L./XL=WOPYJ.S@0GTI&!%IX]LF_NQ X3WQQZYQ:PCZ0&I[^/=B!!FWKZ



P4#
5)]W?@)J%(4722+I:&5(





.YV4M_4F_$YC


41C:-
KE4
Z]3B1\?Q2 H$'0@@]A
MPXTI.9-Y!(.7H)$&(CTE=Y$]]VF\JD\LH
 9=;WXGO/;A:D(&H'& ).O(7X\



P$J


MCH 2MM12V&D(45=%ST4*28E))A]FD=H&UM5#1:0Q#Y*P!\[]?1-NB$C4*!3H

MO(*AA**1M)(25#/E4O* 5)64IL$Y7MG53%(G(MQA$@EI2TI;S*3.1QQ8*$=*

MX)HJZF4C/4%2T4Z\Z&

71/7C?NK<*0T%&Y63F@_6XG3G@H<0L(6Z6X4!!S0$SKUV






MX'$C


MHB#T@G+:X4A!,Q?B?$X4!&O+=A$LI?8=7O0)6A=TK&I L+\H-C;CA+UN


M2 25#&Q-EC?5-?4YBJHG*MS5U))*ZB\#*I4AJ !D&8'*L135=*FIJ:9O)F2O
M*2O*I:FX'3  
B3?+'
@1BK?:J'JMV2T4%#+);5TDH0L@FY0G-4&1D*PI#:E




M@N+4' )

F7*()RN-N$!*[U^VZ?:].:!EBKJ'*


NS=HY6WT.




MN./O]FFGC3'B8]GCCW8;_

?C;;3
$A&1
MM(T 2E(Y)L/9A?HP+A$)MR ^W&N(N)T!QLRNJW/F&FLRCHM?H(!)@JRW,!E
MM)'#@=I;



M



DJ]D[
VHA-Z^^RYE:;*4(2MM!R);H2I3;DGD<I%27V4%C9^R'JFD34_-J95#[J
M 8<SJ;* \I TM+-U)'20APK VCL@5FRJVJ=4&5TQ-<Q2.M N%HR[NCT&BG
MC?


?&+;\K<




.N.KDH(#:7(Z5X0!)O/CCBH)





GLT\3ZNSB5:*
_=A2KQI



1($UHU@\L)46W$NY<P @CEUC#




%G

XJ-M





MP4PYF#RTM)-DG*JY4LIM
 I!(MJ))$
..;/V@'$
N/













=Y.&P2ZVVF%982

-@N.


;H
M3.6_/1P&*1J7VY^M]^%+(*43T;&,;7V,A]MUUIL%?041 (.4W(201F9X'2
MUSA-)G=6VE.MYA/&  -%: 6M;4S!Q4UJ*2B52 ):J%EM*6UP?FS.\6H#Z(3
M^3HSJTA

0I) *05)Y**CD@1WG@6*9
MFJI&W O<;K/O&E*APK.:1T<L.OK

M9Q2Y3!E.11RSE(HMF/&B0C: :SC-\RWGW(LE7VLJ&](1T[E
$P ='*1O9S



]=]?A[



6O\T9
M_P#-4?/_ +UCRE\B]L^23=.=K-MM*J596D)6TX2GIDJEIQP9041CF
Z$8!G








1SY\\76YE!X





MOGJGD/@H4TLYV_$);4D3F:SJ2G-$ZF^-E(-0M^OJ75/!YW=RLF3D])=]$S








MI&G+'F[+E5O'6TJ+!*$9E)RE*TD)WXR+6&Y*B0E39Y\)KFJAED&F0R!8+6&@
MSO

G*+)FX
ML5*J][7[]P


M]0^AQMI*

MJZ^K2XXU!#3U1+*?F5NN)






1B
1






M&#





MH;C*7%)RJ#7U)TOSM
4P0D&+3-CRPUL38K@\ZK6I0M<(6VXXT\S(Z*4K:6@[M)









M3;+VJVJC8VTU+S-)6.(4-QM%A*=ZTTXD%3=0SO@M.\0MIK=;Q==_]G?]D'9V


M-


M0-!CEXG3CKPPW^4;_31[Q;WW.
N$B%)ZC.*B$/*08UB3[.S3#@W#A3/1U3US
MR]QZQAE:5!&@*;3'I G-TNSGR]JG
BH5Z)N%B\=2QK_6$]?$XUN((.A%QZ_Q

]G+\2O!



MJ!ZVEX53N-SE




K#S
)(:=S*;T]%(5E4


2K
HDX(=21T7)/Z$$#CS)[!C
[$[E6EM)GK ]VF&R\?2;4(T%OAW




MW3\

MZC?!Z!E'K)[K\

M44S*4V!)2VH-P9ME2HYDW$1F7O\ (JB2NEJ$O-J;5YJ\MT(Z+DH:*R4*(L5%


MCK*918K*9]I3F4A1


M:/HGL/


MQ1Y<(\:8G0\/?I^OGCL[-)@G[N\^K'5SY<[]7;QQKP''C?2W;SMVGECQR^_D
M?7CQ[QI]W#JG%_A?N/;KCR77FV<M/U*IQ/K0TK_5_P!K\H'4.;3J,G2 VV2

L.US/X4?.A4NNAUHGK32^;








M](C24Q&7Z03F%TH58J?@@Z)62GTRKZ2S


M-@Z]OB
<]6 ['+O
M$?#JQOAPPIT'D.^
$R(S6UU(-^?2^&-[!ZOAW8\X'69M;QROV8%4-('=U=N$
MU%1;NY=EL*J&PDF?4



S:V!

4VWC3;29&7
05#+J?IE

L





3
$-+I






IG=*J''AR,T P=2,1X)MWQ[?!PS^4
M;U_*(]X\=\_(,;1:/0<&@ZN7



)?RV5*A;M'VCJ]1& 0H2
MDR/&O(]1^0$CCC

M2(QZ6%I,@@ ) PM1=]*9 [C'Q\##.7=.=5AW7.%]+J& B\\KX,F #T8'5AM
MR(04A?HGI3Z*3'Z).MKG37&;=A:DD$K

MQ_N#_P _'[44_P ^/]P?_F

2=&!'G%0;\2?7KC]J5%_.*GO(CU:=^/VI48_P!IJI_2^ C[<?M3
MI8M5/^P_' \E*4?[2^?5C]JE'_.*GUI^(./VIT?\YJCVK^R
?M1H[_NE\]O#
MVX_:E3 R*I_LC_ZAC]J=+_.7_4/M^WGC]J5)PJ7_ %)]^OCMP?)&D_G+WJG_


-QQ


IBG-6D:&:0BH5E/ E#






MRPA.UU[*;H%A3)0P4(?9 05!)4652K/E4XT4!6N54S-Y:H7Z/9Z%N_.UB9WF







M!7Q:5T'1_5.O64YAU_B0
0
0



.G7

 [.K$
M*6%(%6])%CE2 [\\ ,JW@F0RGI+M?-D;%8RH31UU/OE)2M:]]&8J5D3 2
M^-] ,N99W86)]+=B;#2B5;.K&8NG-7.I0
Z1F*G-]D;E!0@D^DI6ZO:4[V
M XK=(V?5G*L )\[=&12UM-J+B-]+).=)Z0S.)9=@'=?P+L&=_YE5)*0MPDU
M-07



JN2@9!/5J#'.1(F%_
M








SE4M:B$A.D)!(FXM&!M!I;.8G*[T@ H6SP195[0H:7'*^
M-X4SE* KB3?H\U'HA/48/=A-4TF#^47/+(+1Z
G





4JE- D.;MA2F_FE/*RJWD@[L*

M-ZC VKMT_1I_HF89RC/FR22]%\I.O+ZR9KGZY; 14
Y?'OY]HOSDXZ]1P/ _)UG0:\

.5J!Z _,2<\6448,:($!*18 #0 #

J!U
M )EUJ;#



MH8(
\814T:['

D@=LZ_KP7VT]LQ!MTN47GKCO@'#-!75/2W
M0923JZ2W:WY^C #];0X8V)2I5O:G]U.:0L0R!R#,D'KWA6#R&F      !
M8 6 '4/D\HMD%S-7TR25@?NEM/TD@ ;T#FE-EQ]$9NY96&WFEJ 4&W$+4C7
M
$KE2;VO$?=@U]/O

0Z P7'W702VCH)73EM1

MBE6':=Q;2TQTD&Q')0



YU)=6C20!\V

F5D;L?(L]+ 5&6UHR.I

MB4^TQC\F5=_7PZQR.-X5J)Z5N=_;@.3!C&;C.2;S@%,&=?&F)PHI(%QK
MU]V(
S#I*DW
M42/9ZA]F()TQ.H5)Y=1P3. E)],GW85 TT]N(G$+U 
&W5A%.H](K[$QWX(

?/&NBU15ZW!Z2A250;!Y
;ODI4JFJBL7$)=*$FT0%)-TZYH
M2


MPB'DUNSDIWB' ZJE480HA6:6K@)).K9(2?HE



#7W\-/NZ_;B?M^_EJ._U8F?5

M3E5UXV?Y0TE7#;Y%*_80M0W2S^8YH?J+@W@%6%N(;0IQQ:4(2,REJ(0.9)

MTWOPCLY]@YXF(O$6C73U\;^[&L=0BW@Z3 X6FV+1Z^/9SOZN
8F_=P[_ (CG
MQC'7H9'?'MX#QIF7]91'HW)OTNS0VUD6$\

MPS*E*(YJ49U^\C2



!US+E#BPDZ@+4!!F1K!)OZS


MI_SH2/;C\&U!$_-'L?9G^SGO9./P75?R:\O,))'/43A5L?0(CF%#WX33Y=

6[)P:99XJCKC[

M7;C=+6;(5?J./


M5!T_)H4ZG^TUG'7KU:8_!]??]P5O_EG^Z#D]8'+GC\'U_P#

T&GT?9
M[,?@_:!_V&L_\L]/'\P<+G7VG'X/VA%J&LXZTST_Y.<?9K@[/VA'\!K?_+/Z
M7D$;OJ'ZL?@ZO_F%9_Y9\Z:?0X_=&/P=M#^95=[']S/QW2BT\X'''X.K_P8


_P"]IP=G[0,?N&M_P#+/6_P:V[Y]?X-
MK[?N&LL?YL\.R$3Z^(%A&!LZO\ YC5VC_9G9TDC\ESMIV3?'X/KOYC6=U*]


?7[


$!1$ $A
A!B(Q%$%1%2
R87&!!S-4I&A\! D8I*QP=$6(4T-4-3




;_'']./C
M_'']./C _'']./C _'']./C _'']./3#\9

/QDQZ8?C)CTQ_&3'I
MC^
F/3'\9

?QDQZ8_C)CTQ_&3'IC^
F/3'\9

?QDQZ8_
MC)CTQ_&3'IC^

9Q
?;QQ^


73KW+WC^;\_@J8$5]$$V1+]5](EZW4N_Z$1$

MO'#8L W%1N^F

MDCJ:YLNFJWLHBB+AYQ:S%

M)T

BH@@JMN';
NZZZ^.Z[IE[$HHGHH;[CV;TEW1%8::&]D\VSFMOFS


M[UP*RG]8M[L)LRF;



G9]3F3TDVS?.V3J(+9Y@1M7S: 5



MDN7-W9;I92P8W[3

#D3H3I
 :O(_(J;VL\Y96HZ

M_P &WC[?#_9$%3-1'T44E5!]B7V]V+9ER^%]OHZ?K
SIYE3HV;KTZD2::?0
MXBV]&RX1 7*GS=B78E5,YY10EWV010+6PF_3P3=/Y77W7R^S2CR(**@AVLA


MGE-.J=H1M
WI#=Q+COA3BOM;WXCF-E?-V\T9-N.+N7,*V60K+MO][QY#IY
MB-7)+R6JFNC9JK:*2@BN 8M 3.F@*T)9'2)Y\U-P^J[)ZD1$2R*)L(BB(
MB;(F.B[X]''=]OK_ -DR1(TB4?S8S#KY?BM2X31X;JJ(O19
=82?3
5A
9W



S+&7_-E+C^RD7YJ@UF]NSZX
M_LJ_AIMW_PF^W=BR=I^AA/RR


M
?F1?O8
BI9%3**H*+ELN6Y&3JH*#GR)92==(G7#W(URHJKXEZ69?6JW\5^[
MU^E;8]*_T_KT;; G#+80 5

M4QB(B]\JH0T7PNH
.ON)[



M$G


PFNY*DK9



M]O[8G_P[8_=R?T^?X^[NZ=V/W;G=VVI[/5[_ 


M=NH=4_?/YL?N[._OGJ_BIX].O3V+^[D^Z]/.=V5;]WBGU8_=Z=X_&)9-NGH^
M_?O[[83]FY^Z_P *.R?B]_3Z





AY;=5RY

BBX:G2_A11I9C4]ZG1_
M)\EPYS<*5(BBK;C,9UIOM+C'F]4ARHX.;9%7%H;G%[Y!7V\T6HBV.@#@M*\
M\PZ&EG1UH=(E2]E!YLT7TD%ID^(YY#V@6S1-%
R:F4OWJZ7Q^[L_^^)Z[]1Q
M^[D_VZB?_#TO@+U )@#^]S8S!H7\9UIMF07?^_W\%1

MZ*\2. *)NJ@^^?@WCM-
F


M

M_P#EV_M_^U+?^@
?UNY'^-#?^@
?UNI'^-#?^@
?UNI'^-+?^@


M_&=O_0./ZWK_ /C.W_H'%.I$/A1VE#4IL2!JMUU'WQ*7(.CF=*2RJ&HA:;

M&]R1;+\T0W]MTMZ^OZ

+^C

MMZ8RK;*EM]

(HGCE$O9TZ)]%^N$
ML;=[[Y@0E5%[_;?N5.[U81%5LMUWRBE[7*UUVM=$Z^Y
7)64_BB'CWI^5;K=
M$[]L9A5I?8V.VZ[].]%MUMMXJN+HJ+FW3
*);Q3T;[?1W[8NBMK[@3;?W_5^






M?MX8)*; DS
GIJRVI %_DN.+9L%[TS&F;NQ^Y#H[HO/)@M_]))1?:GT^.$O#


M5+[K_1OZ\9?:MD2Z=$O]ML;V3KZK=/MZL7V7FOU]J6^U\)]MT4NO=\[KOXX1




5&


M*E^_V]??]ML-RH

T:$VYT
53#-
J^G&JRV!IY
M.2//+N1$Z
2B_@;Z;I_$95(8XU3_ (.F_P#5G
?F[ON*ZF2)!;6S]0EJ345I


%FIU=3YNG1)CHKXW
M7.))^*6V_7!-K3*X7S-.BSKDO@HD@V1?&Z^-EQ8*3Q2XF4;DWPS-5
RHBD(D
M4@4) OES=ZITQ^X?%'JST@F+^/*;I*EO;?U8Y*/7/XJT\5+WWEC^3UX55H%?
M6VZKV1NWLRB;B_RLWM1

MYL\:\/UF5![7D!Y61.GUR
8TFKQGDT5C3%FL2WI 0(S9PFRCL*?%?A38YJ

E]8#D7MX]H-V_OQYBCT
MJ/;O:I\1JUO6+28O4*Y0J4TG?,J<"'_ #[S0XRL\8T&:714ILT*I;V^3NU6
M3UKMA^%2ZW1JPX@*DJG-RH[TH&UZ]IIQKVD&U3^&805PY5N%VG7HW,<BE-J9
MO1K[DY2ZF\SXQTNZTOQ6=M<K-E(T6_
BD2+?I947=-TZ8^


6O[.OMZ7QL9?2MORXYKV\%WOA
KIIX;

MF)Y=[ 7
K=E7XHQWSM=V391V5I1-!5$(5R.#EU6E5%4
U\I(ORVCLJMN)L5E

OL&_V^

/W*K
@*023T8@NCZ322C1E7
M$]8YL$Z:D9FJD9DJD1$2W4B);JJJNZJO7%9X;E../0H+3%0@9U4NR:CI-28X
M*O1ITE;=!O80

II4W0FY


M%6*DS[D9-N9]
-


M@)T/.TFKQ=-XQWW2/(3*ZB=4=85Q$ZB:*F'JYPPVXY #,Y-I2JXZ[$!/2?A
MD2DXZP/I.-.*3C27(

D9@P618CLC





HWP@TJE)+6RK49#+/RJA=$3-KOR21#]$Q!:RL
MJV \2
R.
.%I-$[80I06)$-:T

K0TX)':(I(T4E.U9A1EW
9V7-3.


R5! $(S(0%50[N1Y\]IZ'=^2I+0X39R
M-*3JL-(E0JI
^;S% ;?8T^T$#
QL6GE:&?

M(W












M+/A9#9BYB?H4:


]RK.S37WEC]C^$^&H-O]IT*EQO^ABAA! 1
M4Z*((I[$39
 %8IS4AUA
BFU2

MNF30_P *MKX(#14






$Z7T9


MMN[?-7KOZ[=?7]EWW]?*O\ G?E]N+^KWWM]7\WAB1_&_PRF.'$C
/0SH=
0:G



=X?JT@V^*J?Q#JMLN *M
M0QC(4;*3*KJ'H+8_13
GJ-RL-
M2J#:KGG$BBJPVB$U#R:R8WRI^W7Q[2\JMI$:C\JY31MP<V077!4'P?!1U-X6
MZ?&QBU;(X*\CSB*;A9B)PR<,B(G#(C7,2D9<QDJK<B);JMU7OP(@D1*BB;
MJ2KW(GVOU]&^-.6W*%Y,JHP,=X0+F0%'75O(977*H@72^7,*;;K#2O6^*4$


QZ*U-0F'LUC3
ELW*(C=23TMD\;V1

NF67(Z6ZN'U2Y7

I(5]4LZDAZF:_I=;

PCU-PDNJ6 SP.FQVDG !'?3;5V
M&S9MY%LBVS*M]EM;OP@-@]G/= ;DR43JBH(H1&)%UN19!OZ1)AMNHTV7EB.
M@.*\_=I)!4Q4#;% 1-R)%W3I=
:S$:

'LC[JH)H:IW*;5S04+E914ODVWNKC+SD8.8$UHR.
JJ=%!6B:R
MDO4LS:Y;IO;.!.EHF6^5@S(,ZK=,HF*%;YZFZ*G=LK
IEUXQ9-05\G'8[*




MJ7_+CKCKA$1

D


9%X67TLZ%XVV42]
M)L_EMJ)V3-;[KL:4RU)C2&S9?COM@\R\TXBBXTZTXA XV8JHF!HHDBV5+8S\
MU1I:4F_ZC.(CD/4=KOR4*L-H_4^'AZY8I



:1'='B5%ZW1\!V+I^^- 0




SAEU-PUW
UW)



ME




;3\XQ'==

6_F[_ -%O


(BYO7XV12\/MOXXV[[?G^M5Z_T8'*ER*Z6%+DI$ELJ#WW

ZOS_@TG25


M+#WV2*YO[]L;SZ1OX.S.GL[$F-1F73I+@W56!-YHC3N%LW&4;S+OL:M#^'AV



T1-D5$N2DJ]


B$BJ1$


X\3AJ:'927.9%F+)E)5+-;#E-J8(ZDHT%5=YMD
M7\8LJ\PH.^?G#(JYQ?DA/11-4.UB?BYN90N57(YC9QMQ46S:FIV$3
4ELC
ZH
MMM\+@&&14W7200%.]5^UU7N3 MV0Y9CYUY4YE7:X@J^B=WCU7?F2
Y4L9H

MHJ=



B+-DRHCPHOJPK$R$\H0(ZR

M
Y=L$2:27153

M.IB+_8[4IB2\GJ-&&VXX[?

?OW]\'
M]&/W[^^)^%ZL=NAQ9E2CF*#)AMO#G:4?1D
ID4^9.1Y!SH* #FG\8:.:'#M1

MR7JA4^H-\G*H'!&_?LXW$U,]DVN5U7E6ZW+#E;9&J2:O.E/4S7ER0?=9%N.
M$@BBH6?4(T)I
A\WZ*@;FCDEJKK(RHKANRA)QXT,LA/*;:HO*B%\I]]A3

M )&YJZ@CF 9B9VC79Q+*S?N7KU15[E'-9B--&.(Y9
HW@1@6A0.5
K7G7WOD

\'C!


9*OW9C_




0?BF6-8^!OA5!@=WGC^#RN@+


MHNR:3JD2ZB+EQ(3V-[M6L+Y&T]F)EX*Z'9MI#H
_JAG&P.7.TX
4T.[//(
M[33J28R--S(@U(49E-RITU)C2I4]36[349#FDZ;L+T &(((HE/B)3J7%&HR)
MTE]V
-15T7*F=




:D)


RI9&ZB%U1;*A

ME1/B[(B+EW4E'=!WESEXAH1%(C!&;:_5'P_9@$R&?G/*1*XI. MBRHHMK;G+
MG7LX2J-(=-03[SK-(ER'

L0E077&W

MQ]
#\5$D/3%-)756ZX2*X(9FT6RX:TT0346[BB67(?7.+:7U&3144T1-1H
MU73%QODQ%)Y

*4X*^#H];
IJJ
MFBW



RIQ%7& NB[W.-


MEUV1-D3Q5$QEX9X#J#0%LE4XTEL\-0@7YR4QI*GQ$\B=5!VEP+^BCJ;JB+QU
MQ3*J






5N+TT*I4&D_BA*=05Z=XHBIZLJ[BVN?WWY?HZX%7+;I
MM?[?7CS1V04LOA;QP'*2K\X=U)57FZWRHF+- 2JHMMMKJ6WM7&4FG$6]G$[
M[HGJ_+C


K_@YBU #^2V8#X*B83[G$XI\HZ8YX?&42G.+UVZDO3'Z/TX1


M3




/I*GZBYGC(3D2!A
(#;;AN-H7G
4^52]+NPDXI,*
MHLZA@J-06X@$ZVO-J*:.O%Z2=%96^^U[8/%8@L
MI8&VP$13O79 ZKU55W)

C&
M_&D


U.J5?A

M Y'5J*Y([


G*
MUFNT%0]-A4=B--F[I\007ETG'&4!'Q5U'0!MRH

MQX#8

QJ333LAZ0W$:C
ZM
M.![.;[H(CKS343(NKVC2Y\--=OIGG]-ML[S\O;778K#4%4* )ZIN3&//H)0D






K*G
AJ![-CZ;TD'6

J;JJV3VKB+$!$N

E09
F&^S$I4A%[3=)F6TV4WL0.JP8&AJ!*/(60B7;%6X
M_P' /B+20\_3$-:?.0
EEAV+*%YETXCK2/:W
RX+C2(XRKC9@:P'J3\'=

MND$W#?C5%IFHM
D2@B51
M7VI'958<F#?)N&:./A%99$I+<2.PR#
=#BOH&5MV

M1)$EB/Q'6.%([TK(7/


0\.<<S;BT[3O924N7 .LN
M+ES:*MN K;S#P6SL/M&B.,O#F15!P1+*0&EP,27( \J&F;OO[<)([A38$6R!
MXJJ=Z_5ATW4)#1+ 7=9%NG3WX155%)6[JEOM^GD*7!$V\+;_7AM/P!_)A
;
M8OU^WY


/4




-&[&H;);BTRT6F]


MQ=5S(+2DCS[.=L3SH#B

S30'L45AM6FW(+CJ.


M&T&2G- +4*)3S:?$!$)40?O327*AI,ER7HQMZ114:BBMM5:IU*.FHXR\\&



M@V^


L:
11X<K=4X.X.H_ -8C]O=F
MU-V56B@2(3KL!R* 5
P;



U1

MA4MB055%Y4Q.@%26Y3
PVWQ*2V\I1I+42?#;D-(#@ 1-M5%YP$=$Q&0$=Y$\
MVHGJ

]VE\V9N


DFJOS9&5-1XLC0M


MW!*B4FK4K41175;.6ZXW=


MP=1IZTSBB

%42$D4
M2$A6Q2+NA(NRHNZ+@9H!VF$^/9JI3U+($Z11MH=ETI+1
B')REH26VS(



M3=+2Z\J-7Y!P+K
8!

RCF1MQV59
M%3*\JX-2!!F0[-2&Q;%L3&



20S*CO!3)4UDHS9



M'QKB R3$1TFS)E.RHF5@W$9?=U%GR7GY-

Q-

@
MA;8U5+\OK2_5


MT58:=

J&Z(KZ2*5N9!$
MC4@/

I(.8D&X;PGV5CQV7F4+4D$BJK#JH\VXR$=#

I=&UW].YN);D(.F*X!Y=H
M(1F-39QB;JHXVK@IE(+%&RN(J7()$5=[5F&]=',D5S(26(%:.0VZ-O43@IM
MR[;67-AC41PW)+PL1V&1SO/.JBE8!NB(( )...&0-MM@1&28=BTK3/&=TIE



M18

]F/5$C#3D@
M
Q(DJATT@/]DF:;IREO(KQ')!590E;:R^EA^6^Y
?*52O(TAAR8_V-R+G


HHMFQKO&5*<

?B0Z9 B2GHC+TO
M3D



.1$I-7E
MLVGP&'(\JB[VJX)$3BC1FQ,E-DU7X2I7P?U5R@_#P?\(7$_#^H$LHC-5X





BY
M(BY?)TW

50:1,Z)(M@

L

-DZ\\\X2 VT

KX
J\[+?.)6I/#-
4R[+3:$ZL
V&N@H]4FD;GR7LJ)J.*\VTI



@:NVA+E!\VQ%TLZY-L-:28TEEYJ1
MJ

R/5UE:\F*Y)A


JE-@4UEMI6F'S=




XU*I


'!CBVT]K$G9V

M%I2)IQE=1T
CNGF5&W3;%U-)QP=-\11YJY(YI.!J@T[G:#]9Q-5HQ99-
X?K
M
^




K5VW

6

NRJS$
XC9+ZS;8$B7O)



VB+S=+JJ7[\(MM


M86


S@4)
V6\ZIQ9 4NJV;@)1T




;3S45#%F1(-
I4Z
M4162/4XZV=AH2K9N3YV



M![?

MHVBKZ1JFYN'XN.FI..+WF1+WXJ#:TJXW59HU&HMO1VWVIDT=%0DO-O(XV3H
M*RT8KEY7 1P;'S8(T$4,Q%.R9B0
^5+JJ#F+*B],RVZKAZ+4*U$9E,-DZ_
M%%7)$EIL15PW'&(P/.@(-HIDI#81W6V&*I2I2X
K.K#Z ZWGTW#9
!1J,/B.D.\6LO-QRI#+-*XXK[K\5ML' JQQS(WVT


M ?'41E1-4LYCB62]09CO#7&'P6G3JG4FZ?(\EE)??A17HS]1!KLP2WXE*4-

9F/N2%B5)B1
B*0B^X;[@
M .DCKKRM5#2
&8_PER^*:A2'OA/^$R11)+JZKH4:AQJ-5H4V-31DL
2G%M&C


MGON@X_$SJP\P^@.BC8NRF7J156?A(XBH



MCIELFF*Y!Y4^49(+??8B0;)?'9ZTZ8
PXO*7

OH(2G
MF)!1U7Y1XD4I,J3-DJFC!A*0A.$XO*&J601(C)Q]]J'&1Y]QA@R;I=.GUY
M0-;3)

M*7Y4WM?KXKC

M$A4MA;2:K4'T!ELK7$&HS6I


(XSG1[R?3
M(QHCL2F)(O)EOR/V1KLZTZH)&99@4NG_ '6*U68
[ME15O0E)#U6FHTAM78X
M1WL^F)/
H3SW
=$LNF?R S#G)%%!^ZY2:T;S_%4<SR0

T=YL#!






MHGKM]WB2D


M-E&W7!.SY.LZ0TB
W!'6ETG*::KHU%'RL.
.
RV)1HW$)%*3'DJ69!3*F3
M3G-O


MR-
)ID+9R(ND.KE1U%SQ\P&!F)=6[;93+-&!Q

OJ=0T
131.C27SN[(M])45NBI@0DF8*9:?**(G78M0@\X*]^FMDZ9U)
M
I3(C1D0QZFX0YEWR/QXSB7[QYD/941?5BI0_P#:%;J

MAD4U:5-?1:.L.4UHN

MU=7





MVW7#$8GHL755&HK!.-



M'&R*6
47*2_F19-I4:3$CBXPV+#3K&$X7'_OD+.97$



MF0Q)/-I;#E(H_#U$IE+?7
_3X-


ZX?LR4@)IJO



F7?#3\E%=:;/*7H$A#G#
MUV
M$E2^554AMMXKAV31(YQ7&'0!6TR
:K*W5=1!31UTS)9U


MEV4QNOS&I#[;?N1L!1/4GLPJ(J$B61;;]W3V]_VNMU_/ZOR_;OPGC_\ -_-B
M9?KV5[Z-(_K]7AAN0)OQT&:32RD1(+ ZE

M^^\:-M


Z0 ?*4*9




M
!E%IRN
R%?D-=D:TD)PAT'B5'0ZFB PXBJN:V;'$52J]-BA408%B$9AS(M5
MIK3D




R.U. $
$3P1:?/JLU]?6%+!5[FUP^U&;I+QQTNX#LJ72SR7LCH!6Z?

*8WES@L6O40]8?[4I3P$OQDO\FZ[8[=7N%*M!A6S'
M

:3G7EILY]18BU5F^S5CT




^KKE&D

9V*G!-)BMQ9C
MC$B/*GSGI62.^33[8O@W%;![S9@CJQG !S=6CLHK$XV^&8IOLSQ+B
!A0I\
MZ@4UFDU&;4?*
68W(9BK#=8CYWE:
'6S!V
;C+HF41VH\2R*I0:.V_(K\-]V
MGPFBC384Z-#

ZM6J=39[

51=I[-


JRQK()(!*\H-E5.$N()3M2FT&+'FTVIR#)V;(IKCG9WHTYX


DAZCUB0]'8:DO.-/TQR0;+ :#3QYVWF67GF8S3CI/

\8(PU(ANZC1(2DHM3=)&8A@
M[5I*
VU#%MG)2''+N
S*D[RA429.T:$B@;@R7(KKKCYD#F^7U^TL:P_%9LO\
M4K7W\-NF'DLMK^G]OLN#YE541$O@C3]]=




MM-*D D+J]Y1)$BL/NU2UA2H;

ABVP$A6@%RVZH2



M;0WWW% 4LF4$(RV3*/AA!?XII3BWM]YO%4?G;7IX24]OAM?KA[26KS]+ES1:

M)))/X!GP]Q%0'9J' K@T:IN3Y3:]H^\:3/[4TK8Q' 8J=,JL@'6B[3HL@A*
M\.4B&7&=7,[E*RI_P (RXVW)C.+XGH/ #JIRJ^VZHV2R)Q%3'8=
;:C5:M0

RW(L]]YOS

:G09#(9QSL::.+E(LG&:J@QVH56X;JT9BS(&VW'J#T9[.W&%MD#2/


XMF



HE(IUNG8:;#B6_P3LM_=*?6ZI I,,5LLJHRV
M(;.;N!''S 2-?D@-S+H*+C0_5M2L][749B,_\H6+H6_U
OKP
ZC5*!581[#





AD@.FFHX:MIE
M13!14



LM()O@;_F[!:PD


MON


M=LE/R=(?FMZQGD3U#9/U[B
B







ML

M\..PB7;=:94GWE5$N.=Q!JH):][(-^5


M'
%T3 T^FS9%3XIG\.
T\HRP9L6)!JDNG#'DN3IDUAAMQF$^;AN=C[4LE6]-






=;[8]^/M]./5@+?.

M41
:C\B4AHGP:L]K2G4#6TWW DI,!@U8+38(%C75Y]5 31D1D-3(E4 6),Q
M6(L0Z'&-HVE%5 EG##,#6[;C3RXR0NHXHMY '-Y!X@CMP:SH&_$D
@342I-
M

W([P-#KJ)$H$V+Z^:T+'Q1'3J%
.:/=9:8;510KW2UNRWO?;U]

M(@*IG'5Q7!&
8$)J@DIFW(?1%17&]-51H]'L[Z
#JB^Y&*H\6TF DV&U*2/$



/*
ELT5EOM$=ZXMYE_:I$1(+:*M#I
L6U\F%+C1

A+FS)MO?$20
M1QE:.CQ9$





M0+^W0;J5O=FPOD_@REQ?F]LJLN?].A%IU_JQPK\(_#;=$FU*'EXB:F/27:

M#Q)PV4[+?LO[))'S6]!)G8\_J0EB(GC9


5A+]$(E+^*N.-*??\ ;-
I
RW^\94MF_\




CMR 2_J%

MEG1%WNJCE[U3#H+'8D)(:='G;SY14=C:S7T]T])$Y$3.B=V&T!QTN13D:
AH
M&?.H1;YVARMJ2H+;5EN'IWV+'9)C#C4AM7A)AUKD)\E4D)HTV4+D* M[ILF:



M5VR+4Y1M;
B=




MI\S9=G)B[*34QPZ:+'4FJ75B56%ED6HD.JQ_/%+33*0(.#^YR]@T$95%[2DO
M$127SF33(U5?055&ZI[&]NY+IXI)%S*\U3'C5MP,B.M%IO'&,F[JYI/. XW
M?+EV7GS#OCC:J]B/\8R




IQBH2)K+$D48
M*

M)UT
W9T7BZK2N!%KC
'X38O4&*G$_$%..%3)'!5*KA*T^$N2C[H3E&/:VG
MB+M.4G=)IIM. *0T






M0(KC9(( 3]LR6S+YO=0V])'I1.NO-KJ..%= DB9D2J1H#8D-G;#9=]-M!6Z9

MD@^/JP

M_0AKBO3 ]*E-PJZ*_


M.@KI(C2NM]I=5U]U
C8T\J%.*JPJ'3.%4;E&T3+Y'3IL*DS=6.2D49Q@W'\[

/^:-@F
M*KGRT3C*KVI] C'&DN?L1#BR*M419F-L+&:5TF-20,AYLS2P+(K;+BD\3\
M/0G*C4^'FY


VA;*-PS5.'X
ME=*D
# @2GY;]

M1C3:O5UCG&@C3X.FVSP_0W#34=5UAHH+P ^\(-/N3)MYLE8=*H+E7X7HX-


MX


M_=?CEZ+[+K*^QT%!?RX)1WH4Y5'ON$N-M]3GA@4142WA^7%S/,XHZRB72Z
M)T'\+VX-5! S(*KW7\-OG87Q3?!-$MOE(O@N'$ONO1/J1
-HO5!&_N2RXV]G

,V26R^;B3&6[*GHBE[]<.9W0(TR?&*_SN<C1NYGRZCFEE47

4*[7A
FX]S&E[HK%.BENN


/F!/ :S3CF+!NO+&?)]&T[

=RFTR%PFRS$IQNK*F(

MZ;6O][P7%!

?BR'G7
RZ;1$!K5!L5
MG!L\POGXVX;D$RC(3^'J@R^V+=XQON+&=F

PTZKB+D?5U-0O.N-I
M+H%0R.UF-4G(I-.


ML2Z

ML&)5(#T7

O$%8!OL\2=4:K4(K3C




#LY'='5;=CNM.GFRFJ*!-VQQ/+JQ]IJ

M\


:I5!I5
:

M-#5+HV_47I
DG33


J^ACX7^$553C5+
M@N?/9;[FI8PYE/
P3YSR2XN;Q[



@JH@\BIIRXQM
=5:3Q!3P7XB3.BP7VI+ JJGV&<E-<=C*JKID+\8C
V


M

M\^D%SLDAV



6
M^&U@3TF&^K3S@1U ^A#K

M=OYW-ES=1ZA=-S'+FR+9
1ILU8SD9S4RHEE6*Z7+KFB%Z)*J7-Q/DN&J\JVJ



20@=#KL1_+3V*MN7'&4
=-QWMW%#9
E




MIJ2;]
2&6VC:CPJ+28


I;P



5RGBFHE2HM2AH/S^V07F43^5J6QP_4T+
E1HE*GH7SDEP&)

M$5Q3N'HOP;/C3V:K'J:CIE3JL@S8:?9 3E.L
Q&&
DEQ725MG-R(4AIK4S
M4SA#AZ


MG-V

FS


MC0X8FBH8@_)&031(\VP;:H6*13JGPS(C3ZQ(BQ*94*M2*3.CE*F/+&AL%)!Z

I<&GV3[2@M@+[2


[I]%[K@U3^BIT\$<_3@?N5Z

MPO.%?(G



MB+9IHJ@-=26RMMH:@CO SZ(@M

.)

Q*A.I&T9
'

M#3C*R
NZS.'H7:(F1*?Q!.J#RP ?J$F3%9K$*EH4D7D2#3(ZL.BVC9C


M@COVZ@IJNN-0N&@^GD/











DQZ8YF*A46YXC
M40[.Q8KJ#)=DB#KP-

RN%E1+-Y O8=D5+;X<)&V
M


MU
2SAG(&^10)MS*G(1W+/F^;T7$@PCOK'-6]5=-7=-2N*BI#J;+9S)=5VV[E







!'DOBTL-1KM/54\@@.?ASTG4=B27I).O(9MY





M.D?ZAX_J=XK_ 


<51ZH<1T^IQ\GRQ6+'X6I+BFOR3[6B!W
MMG^N8G
YD[+F=
A6V1/0;
NGHR#94?%S(B7*V%90D)8U#A :(OH%(FU.H(*^


=)]Q]W-46' CO:


S5!  %
MQ$1+9!$415)5V1-UP] X
X5CU-D7W!DUDGH_#\*0Z3G.Y$%JG3)
IMTUNLF4
M

MK295&XC8CM

M;N&2FRXCSIQ]/
N:EFC@CD!Q5V$;8J7%5:X6_530YE:*LPUJ$*3)HE1B2&51

7L4LI
M4:H#2&X4&-/?;



.8T^XDM5D(*]I-L=2R^:7:VZ_
ETM




M2!&2\VVX$
7WU4 
RRO(X2$S92LX+RBP+ZG*IC-/8C06JM0JNXT;;1N992--
M$+XLR)

/E?M(+,AB[:WN&


T&BP+

MV ==+=%YG74-Q4S;V4NN_7&5L ;%$V$!01^A+)CW8'^3?Z[[X]WV_+]K8MUV

\L= 5


EU)1$;EE
MZJG7;?%9AK&[-^UA

MJ(-1A-OO2FQ:-J?&C/%EC/LHYF26VBHZABEMD2ZWXFJ43A^G4*;1Z/
J


MQ/E8HARGVH46E\9]AE2)#@
1XL;M[E/D.OO.*+;++31F3K



MP&**$KR')

KP(K1$TXBDR8(\^CLJ'PE4^*ZH]Q_3(DEZ7#(VU)A
MU]N*Y]\1J0+0@4YY71E5RKZ.R)BFU1_X

;L46
M/V5N(!.Z B['-\_/O:DF1(=$@;


BZ?3TLJV)=1











93]8JJIG1!*WRD0A-$7U9P$O:B+B59$3]




M\$L$Z\Y AG42C1TSJ_6*PZ
2FQW!ZZC

-[X1:4P#
ME+@DT^[)X@C\-9:HDB

M4:+(I#

7:1=D
/(CJ/
OJJ @MMD_+X_8@'I,:KU_BI

T%


M_(X;/E6]AR#X]+[=5\


MIZU5?Z/=@?N\3PG)$D&0K-2RML^;1&G91O
HJB@H2*P;:KFO=
NZKMCTE1%/


M%R







M=BQ.S

&5
MVILFS424


F-+!
SL9@








MXJ-1]10;=C
BI/XX3J-OVK794*_AV^GD_;W^3?JQ

45F%57*6Y'6EG4
M'U)N)#EZZ6G0@0#27D%%*^9H_5AMV7QG5GS;
318=
APN8%0D5-9^?;=/7BF

]]3FL)$J\MTM4*]
LZ;

M#G76



M@B

MB;B)7&%DTD9)Y-+^S/..*^S-^7'MR_;V=
77\G7=
)WV6WK\43'U?YWNQQ
M&C:AG6E-R#0(C$ET![!17T
W*@K;



M'/ED_P;S(VR@-CBBXKA94'''=2DTV72'#H



M+B6X.2JE
%B?7@'Y+DUF.]&979?)Y
9Q%U3QQ'VU]WL5#JL^ATF$I%H1(M-D



%2OH#B?0W
M-1RG.



M6A%1:V$^(R\XY#)P:N

MZE#J[C#\F)


DEH


M$VVVT3A:3TA(W)'$E2)%S04,%SK#0HX#:Y
5FJ$-.1R*U$6FS*=S175E(R
MA

M4H#-R.RWF-H[E]-4X1)W7XA9J-(E,&W FR:6S+F4]XNT2T1PXHH)J$XA@T
MIH-D&R GZT6^Z?1#-/!%I$X$+\;RX'XN(AC^^1S;_O3N;_\ *X-QW





MZJ;SQJ#@

MO:FRW2)*=A^2Z526]&B4GD%P55O0[7);:NVSIQUT8L;
1
HI$64O3AN5ZE
U





M=CMF;.R6)

FBRFHM
J;9--HNB




*R*QB
M?;D$;XKLJBC=@;;CM-2) 0IM4=ILB?'2#3FVSF2$8J3S+0QVG7&05=!6W+*8

MIV4[2V8_DXTK

MRY
:-#I[57 ^T(U%FQ&VG6QCLMNMC9@VR
V!=(M0KC+C2UG3F)M82MF$NHS#



M5



MJ-R^%2=(J;Q!3Y



M?;*Q
ORW)3[Y
DF864BZF5S



J$B[Y4RIT3T54W7ZBRF=


A2:RVZZ^PVWVA
MJ
94\


M7-MF^YQ 8*B-


42Z4FIUORI1Z#%)



ASW/[4Q(
M:1I\EV:C2'WK+IHF)O&/ 0QJJQ7'/*$^D=JCQI 39'._-@/R'&HDJ--*\IP2
MD \+SIZ OMF*-0JSQY%;H](IDEJ8E*65%ESJJZP:.LLN=C=D,18*NG:E==[



MV%N1+FU5OLU2K91T(UC0X
:S
-2SYG&(;!$X:ONI^LI2L$H.'.CQT(5LN64:

6F)N2:BH41E)M]+(B



PHBJ8



M_MI5&[LQ61TU18Y KA*6J*KG5
X2M90$7+D(KN
MRZND$NPO5V?37T5IUN2[3YT)MA9EW,K3M.8)ILVS;N2N:ELXKRQADM!3DIM#
MJ5':J(26)RBDRWI$1]A@+FV
;5$[2
N96_12^5*PU/ETZ.=58I;#J4])!-2
M'($IE]ZH2 ((Z#


([5V1*:53ET^*(PX
M_3Y0.GG;
@??1@+S2N168-(K3C 1XXLZ[0QG!:6F'
8U_*TJ+*1R[3=.=%T
M%D
5%]L)8-
C(DL.J_$*)E
$90W672=;*-'=(R1DC%HFY#C\0@SG=8RO 9-.

B\

QJ'-DF-V








MZ?2B_P WYL7[NF/9O].WV3U8V]GY-OH_1A[KZ/5%LN;
*)N7+:]KWLEK[IB@

E(\J5E5T&WF!T8;
A\L\B.T'*TJ(J

M!I.RN



BC&2
A
O.RI/Q[C:J%FXX-%F/4ZH+I*W

^54V1;.+FZ[IS(2HBV5$
MZHF/Z?7?ZN_'=T2ZKLGK_)]-L=?TIWI]K]+8WWNFWLO[/M]&)

MYJD(.+P[&=[2S1(ZLR1?;1O





MF:+E



./.MAI12:;NAR'








M-PC[C?(55;X:GRZDCAN]I !:\] D0X(JVD^=$CBI YVJ,8C4B+$DN@9.Z3
M;Y% X:@4Y7'LKQJ_#BN.

MFKV!V
^XT$Q*FK8%

ALQ&J28-FY4


BB5RZ[JB@1Z

MNIGP^Y'HM;D+'K@T5QKL:1W\ZV#E58[4ZR

M4P26FZ^Y3SG*Y4
W$9%P&S%QEMVB










M/&OJ'''
%U/O9RH01]2K*@267T_O;;5_:F*/PI
EE3_*57;I#LL64?*.Z;JL
M(J




TG*T+%'?:A--CNMFLC2 G7E3!

ASY5)L%7IC[YHO&4O/U

+IFNF.+);7QM.9IM5;\4*F5FGS5

9-?DKNVG:G30,HYD9)
M0%;)DS941-B#=47KB&1KKQ +,# !@X+A+D618251#E
0/H@]SBM*
:
X\DB


MSN74D%;+=+HJUF.XCSK$@VI(.*TK;@ZEAR&-N@V]-%5%552W3#I0W&F7EE R

OI=;MW&RZ+:&B+RY\J:ENGR[KTONM][X^W3%O'Q
M]5OY^OCA/R=+[[_5]N_ VZ;WV]??]/3?KBHM&RV]R


XBRXY7

XS4J/%=6ZY'F38+=
ME43RAP-Y9\A^28#'WCQ5#H[';&RD=H^\WZQ!//8F\SNA8]K&67;X+/\ ZQ/*

H*BB/$BMM JDHM\S=MR)1RY$1

MN3


52D$7[)/6=$#2\FA!=\LJV;
M62@K:KCF=KPHV](CQ%RQ-O1S9OK'(BKF3?*G0O5W[X;5UIQ14D[O1S=?MO




K;2KE;R7SJ@*@B**



MT$6@EM)
==:3
0CV-Q[
IY
H\Q)9%Q


JS]'F]_=]Q/;B%Y/F
P].=&=FZT3M






1GE$!N+FQ1GU.\@'*IQ&XFBFFK9<1-PM0@MI
MDUV*6AJWE+

MF.#Z_0J9
K:**\[*RMB+EA0%6Q$J)2H45&H\D]N-EKM#T^0\[/SZANRW688BB*9+E;










M.I^ \C@+WBN&*?2X46G08PY(\.$PU&C
CULVRR(-C==UL.ZJJKNOW?V0JM-@
MV_VY.C1O^F=#'F^):+*+^#@5/4'E]C$$Y#R^X,.-0@JGF@1Q79EKE
C&*K

TR)QOTE4#<$6P')
MF%
V9-D58TR:]*UV\A-J+:B.0K90



X2(
MFYHJ)N*.K'F1Q&_FKDFMS-I80;+*6G\M+)Z5^^Z8.&YH&[ .2#
BR-HXK&B(



MWNF.G=]OR8O;;\ZW+^;%MNGV^WMQW=5^WY
5?/H:?WBBD^
C(A%PXPWS'3?V


<6W?837;%8$U12\HSNG@;YFG^22(J=
MR[?[!QC_ ,,T_P#ZDYBA4TY,JNQ9=4AL3H+W#M-9:[Y( );SDN#3(CT06(Z
MN.]I5\6FLF=T3!%!?@DJD5IIJI56+Q$%3TT02?!29809+R)Z;JC(D1]4N8F
MHS3=\K(HGDGA$G$I/DB!)Y:Q44[2\4A'OOAR(\70 Y
]A\$OCX+%XV(U6F\


N0J?S*)*F4X$3G2PJJ@F;U7RD@




MJ*295UHLHI#Q&$:%%:?D$G3(W?;
J.$.F1F.Z91LIM16.'ZNU*)]MP$D0S
MBQ'%N?


M46COA3_)T:2-;EIV:+GD KD9F[+K$R?([*3





9 $[ *(-TWRCLA7Z*F#


!]PT]7W&G6@\\T8.H9+?G
M T




A*'55?N4



M2/P15G


2
Q%93HU&9;8;3V V(C]6%-PQ !W(C)!


M

M)U+C^[1MZL??5#BU/UULGZZ2^TJR].)5]:K?%Z90:-3E3IV&EP8G_5V&_N9C


#;S2CD-Y7[Y^0S%40QY5






%NEEZX-(7 T&/(MY
MMV577YC(KW*;#5










7L$^$4&2K0O#()H@R*8NJ\2 ZED
3$$RFB
M*B81IN:\IFM@:BQV4-5\!TF=15]ZKADZE(J8C(%5#5D2
G54R*F;(#FV96O2
M0$E1+XLF9QPE]9$2_6JXJ,J0G92@.-LBT]E%9+Q*NHRTJFEW &Q(H:O*0B
MW=5Q
2<'G4@5!E %AT4A5M'3S)FN2V%36^.'.R-
N-([





MH6&I6L8*N45LXZ!-_*LX+@=5)$MCAJBS&S9X8H+M*O/TI'@J%6@Q78X'VV0
M3I$B21%.U PK(S4FURZH8B0.#W3=IX+LR3'
HZ2&W0+.INJ.O&89VMHH#

RBU'
MAVJ$J$C4BH4S

J*0J\V-3)DWM'S4R'+%U5$B1XK)IJJ!3:U4WICU7K)N-
MTM^G9G:G29





C7_6(^(






M)2&\;A.15*_.-^EOO&WV%*!+BU:


M;5




8<!UHLI*
M!97&U(5RF)MEV)%1=TPP=2<=!)*NRC3)NJ2M(GZ.P^F/I*E^[HN&X@NR8
MYO&C;1RF$;9

^R\3











WW3R$HNBUJ..Z:M 2\C8Y!!
M+#W*N#5@




Y7@5PLG:&RM#YRQ)';$:
U!U(T

M3GI*E@=4T+.([(X5!D9;OS9 B#3:Y#J&?M0MY@(A ]0[ BV%24AL6^ 2*E8
M5!9.'9@EIYAM25MJ[*)=L%



LED7;?FHA.ND^_%








5E^G2*HQ*DR'V=-#B
B0.MM




G/.W0FZV+*/ORR?.JF4C*SE;)

:+2..*6ED
M5&SRAXD[^J+B2=



UA3=
UURVQ7(33#3(R:77

[CI&HKOF
KX^#U_KEX9I\3WP!6 OUQONN3I[VA%9R:

A'85ZX%OMSUB6VJL.4C2?QKMYT3UY-N^V*/2T9.1Y9!


MNH&OG!5


 ?4NSRC3F;;%$'6CY?1O;:]]\)0^VFPL


:-Y4)ZCWWMC@:HPY.K28S#48)2*KWWG F:;I7;'
YI@\



M@AQ6(HKWJ+#0M(OO0;_=X\8M9&OA%XB(1\$F-4ZHJO\ +.83GKS7Q7)?FR9\



G#!CM
./Q^T
'K3V87-NJ^
MOVW_ */7[L5MT[KH\1G&U4E-4]P0!R:T !4IHN4JA!'3*Y
;)14!-I
C3R+

I+




7FR :(-1^]@

+A:FMSV:RTP%.J4X@9BQCAM.JC<M




M99SZ(2%'*)2$#.JG?OAI'&*C
%N^F@Q75;'-Z1V;:0


YDJ4]F&+U'1S
M#RH64G''3=7977W24R7,1GO@92T4F!-QMII3=BH0MM.Z([YE+=''B%$3JO2
MZTHXST1%

M67NW) #Q[Q;VZ;JJ6P/N_6&ZTTB#4Z3 DJ]9!N3:N0B$W
I%9!BMW1
ED(;E
M@R-W
?.4XWZ!R'#-7'1.5#4\Z#L))A5LJBBBFHB+DYQSAS6^6'
*+8LO=LN.)VO






S9J!933E+*ML$*651$
MR7F&UFT4BLM[%LBVRJN;Y-\9&6W'37H#0$9+_)%%7%2(J+Q VX$

M:Z]Q)=


.Y6U14Y53[G
M%
BNR-.(Y'DTN+9AY\E(%:B\TC3;F56PCDZ!%E3.XA)OCB3AQQW4.-3ZB]
M7=,\=UEQ0!+=$:DJ+ME2_WS;Y.S#L3S58I$R8D)X5R$?.
OLI&EE2Y/9V#N


M /:W&[?^^?7@I+U.@NR#RYGW(C!O%E1!'
Z3:FN4401NNR(B)@F*?#)UUJ;%
M?/#CJ9KZ;)*+3(JJV%VY*@[EUV3#- _4^
**K41E^5*NT9#%TE$R5\QR7-


IED
2%L%VW+/U*R6V





 %JSHO8?=U $GD%K2M?-E7KE5+*B(@KU3JB

MB)M?2$W@411=G%$@3OQ580)88E2G113P&/)=:1/H#[LU]@%)V73)=/ Q=)DX
MZRLEI+9@BEJ
J$)EW^6-L3Y
]DZSY1ISU

B-O3I
;-R],0:!):$TI\EMYJ9G75)EEF0
MRU',+673%^PN9O0 !RWN2E/)E(ZDS%9TT/43[VCMQ\V91'TM/-:VU[;]<)2I
M]$:JK3=1.I-$[-DQD!XV&V-PCHFH*VNQFHEGLH[7P?8D8@2)
Q^;-?!IF1V
M@C!EE@!;E
.HR
?&ERV)+<<9LF($88L8(D=H2934/(V-U(C1
M(B7(B941N$?#
20S%FRIL!M^?+)J*LE172-M+=J $$1^^#+.B;HEUQ^J'5#R



M
IR*KST+0?C!I
=F=8N;;8
IQ3ALLA/.FZ*



[$J



MH(#*./6F^'I+#DROL4*/$J$K0
AG42H5&FU9$2.I'3YDZ&W%:5$'/ ?&J(:#

M7&W%;RRZ?G5
F[!SHX2 \XVZEC8)P5RBCJWLT;3BBX

5MNE
MR9]0(0!YK2DDDG(T$^KKIS9I!TM*1][S%G \TS#;&?/J:_PATN6_!B^2DS



S(A95

#J)T.63LB;9D=0F 9<;E
M2WUR 3VR1H8JOGLUU15K]3I$E$?JEVJ$CKCLD8360+KNVKAB\]KH#ESRL:3
MA(2*N7S]=@.241QZ0-1*
LAF_

MI

B0DR^;2UTK$FO=@DM4AF(Y#SQ B9\[CPK+EQT1V

?DPG=C^B^^/;^;^G#MU2UUVM9?0[RO8KK9$Y4




2IWJN+7VZV]?V5?IP164LHW+


M+S9;6OFR9KHO-9%NN*G%I%


V+$?19N0LR'!
%?20W\2/FSO(G^0JN;SBHY&E/I
M'B1^T$^)OO2W:B3:$*-:NPY5UC%XW1%DFW8[-0J



MX]2J
2 

M1^0N=@'!(.U092CIH2!;M&=$3G1HKMBX3U'*DMBZVT#%/%J197!4A%UMMN+I

M^J_Z
/2I3B
L




'BCN]'VUM=%3D(@=#KT-/:F.)I+&D+%0E

MU1J5+2(&=78@HVBG=LT!




BM.?4\\:VZ?.3RLUQL\U4C-Q4IPO/#&1PA0708DAH(XB

-DS(N#BYW9;A.J1&0ZBL7Y20W$
M(=MQ6ZZ=OFYE('0+055;'8G&;ZA)N#BHMR2W-D2W4


*Z)L=$[TM?K:Z75-LJXXRHSPJ@E7
SS@[&K=0




)

#AZ- J
WBV8$A(U1
M5B

ZA=H1J4#LHW^RBU=N
829;33B

M.*Q09
V;7SA54$!^4M.5M0-Z5 J33\N4


_54AN<3\+S^''
MI+\FG/+PZYQ955K


MF4S43DM26Y;P-GE$KYVVZ@[YY@5330]@ ^=,NGCR5^J^1FR _V1B9&Z7)4







MJI*KTB:._HBEF$&P^AF5563
J-6KTAB.PX[)1)





K529GS)LCSCV9I9;P
MEG7+ (C65$3HMMK8J7

Q&0 XP^F=K.0M/!9O
MTB4JMQK7,U3J^V(]=V7=$
R_P6D





I\R4#%U L5A





MJXHOZLYCO'-:K$

L.3)+TJ0;3IMBF1Q
MMFE_;\&[\H:!.=C!(ITEV0\ ,S#-AJ1&.;FG-.,3 ['+C277[D:&V8(R2.T
M2;\+CCTVOUQK/V97:QDCO(VTY)BPH=#)ITFH/MM29DPG!-Y;M:6JTPE%X_^




\JNZ+#M-D





\-VHBP['5YAQMY/-JH:C3HG\H31=\5B9#0
M7U:KOQ\+U!I]Y9U/BDYQ*O%7XB3QLNU:-)I;-*:*8

M
I/!WZC9O!D6%4HLIFK56H
SHK]5CTHZ56O*CKP)5#[5VB(_#&)K.QWF281L
M4RT2'PM!H



MJ#[KV^X!'G1M(








MZS^&:[$#O\X_3)+;:IZQ


M2=57C&(Z8LJ^PVD9MV3*%L:1+IA5-2 X9X'E52CM18+52E5655B:X@C-OOL
M19 RX%*!MR2V]68[;0^;



57

N$$T-4NBHOKNN]NHV\4[L:P

=
M=[(J)Z_Z?7@Q395ZKX]%7:_CUW2_=OB_R49^@K&B^Y$5+;KZM\#[OUG$\:V8
MAICTMM/%V%:6W[\[*6QMO@D^K^;&ZV_+]']&*)








M]U8B1QFO=K%W


PBY;R/
ILP(LMX%
P9;D



A


D1*
%]Y+BR.2S
MHV1!

M
SP*UH:=D7GNJWY;89G.SZA.=9S^;D=G6.ZCC9M. \V3+A&!@9(0ZB71=\:W







2ZESJ(63:RHIC[/HNJF9-


M38Y?1569SS)J-MK*8$J*G7K]QOCOX3*J/#72-!-9B&Z,:9/AE96GY,ES:!%
MEW!(S;8.SYHN)H)&4X[CM+X X$IZT_@VD28GGR:6.M0[#=N(S&BEYQB TJK(
M4Y7WY+?TW'FV%;)'^/^#JS_ -9@XX'_ .&J#_\ [D]C@B

W%J8OI



MN
+;M


#@TR#7*GPE&AA3CF0J%&-\Z;
M3W$=&FI6682569!AN-HI1&Y;S;61&G!TP0$I7#
J749;/%



$*DRIM^14'LT
GUS9=UY1NBWR;KDL
MBX_E*OC??%/%5DFLAZDC=U\W&9'98CS+:FJB(U


C4;]-QW6RYMM^G
Q3%L/XQAWVP0&


M0M!Z.TV_+8?B0#5B2CQO1QUF7C:;3.+/WQV46XM-H=( G6T61))MYP&VQ:-U
MQ1;J$T=.2Z+S(-]G5]N



(\46&H;=
M(CE&9)PP9?-^2&=U(R.$:277=53['%4M7/S






MUQI1VC
UO86P5UU;?- ;E@7+(Y?,@E?4117E)1MWDFW54MS(B*ET?IT2/):
MDQ8\^6CQ$#@1D;:E+V9+BFNHWMJ+E04(?C#$ GX4JH3F%**0LZ3+-FTS
/R

N)==KR&-4&VV(S)9VV6F&\H1V3-N]E*[KG(:CKC

M.O9G!*Z:LCO&UT$Q#NS*#_:QG045%$&W78[*-:(YG%MD)LVW#5O*:J6HSRYM
ML+


M=(==.4[F5^4;31


ML^H-LQ01+*I*W@*PP0UBE/FKCF;+JM-#^\ZHIJ* ZF:.^NH2 8[BI1GDZ/
M


M!

H-MB@  IT01&R



1;^UJ=Q+%DC_*81?5C[


MGC+BUQD_X\3RT

@20;D*^=8%15%0A7
\B9Q
!C(JN$I(:
MK<R3*I?%ZCN44MMZ2=<&PU.;D2(SAHTC)D+C[2;DT-\OREMWV7ILN;!BZ*L
MES2



(VDA
[R
M5@LWFPXKSQ.O.D1NE?;



M
R6WNXK0HCKD=]M&T5; (([=?Q/'V_<XQ)


EVVN9%U4MULN* ?

RHR!*2Y37!?=!D9W9I1QWX
N!-=C@^TVN:5']&S)*:NT+X./@T


MK4F)$IC)21DA$I[;X$X(3&VWY#29A4IGG!?


F!+5U)
8ALP(D
EJK-RX?#[4ESR[V:




MML3.*ZO-CQ^)9/%?#
3B&.V#;A3FN'SKD:E\:P(B(O:GFHM5B2:@# E]^4A'






;1:*<V-V]^I#!K<8S2'Q((#3 8EO(T\4<R'*R$?%6L/!VFI=F.A0


DTRK))%.)F9=37*0XTRK%(JDFJP7%I[]8FRF8L%T.VSJS

11&A23)D-YF'

#Y#3@@H3\\C!W4E/
OG+?D
MH



M0J60]%YI4N



M


MS9E)V5.+*TPVV $:$](!%4;97!S*#KBBN/CVK4!),&.3?5IJ.Z0C+E6.Y!(
M5N,R^H^;F:(.N*(61Z0^ Y(Z-/F=R'XQ$1PESWV(2U$U5,4PV%OA
G6(C#$

M
D-^J^([(:(J7OE7C(%4=B/.1Y32*J:S17;



F($V2
BY-$YYEU6V@D9UR

VRKB
MN&D







??=)2J_P##LRH5
I3L/ADI0<0O1IK$M**[!7);-2*;SD21' 2)Z.Z(O!9;AMABG2YL^H
MU!Z U5CA4CU.NR(5*?%#:J50&FQGTA13;5' [0H.FVJ. T0+FQ%X[@.EQ%2






W7&Q'3'(QK9/1!'&T+=4!%R[.'DYE6]\1%D-#IFPC[?

IJB
MH6UM\0S=-@4FJ1)+=V


2)(,\V;20G+N&^5WY
MRRY40B01':V


M!$+-(J2DJ*F5L!%D
UTMGN9@VM^]Q#556V.94T6C:#K\MQEQRV7JBH(HN:W@
MEKV7$E2W



9VFM$VWJ$M2K%)HS2CF0;




JW'JFRJOHX20R


M71-L4Q/]WPT7=;K:0T*7[MDZ6V1-M\

L= @U2=Q/&N*)#?S3(<?A]N6\RJBV0S%#6;5IM
M9'#4M^%I5.KG6Y<CLBMG36Z9PQJ3ZDMY)]L4Y]#;&3$%ILTC.O@LB3E!MN9@
M4D,,OH!BX/-@Z@.#Z)BAHN4Q^22;IW+A  1 12PB*((HG@B)LB8LFR)LB)T



MC\'U38;YI#TO
M*-3XCI=






MIEGZ*71+8;:9CO

QL!-&A=+*
MEKW:)P
Y-ZV14$TR9=DLE[E@VEDP3A1A^]X:DCN4%5
S3#BMZ8=VFTMPOLR2

)G5)PD!


M&J-G-7LXGK

J* 0R


M$%3FS.-*9

MF!. FJC@&:*HEVB1O[YJ3C31BK8!2;@XSN8\ -726(+E-V_P#;$;:U#1*I




AI
I
M


J=


M^I\61)$QBJ??TN'Y-B S5Z



V;JM$(

B(4K/'I=+*HT*;'X:J (1@Q5

MZ^+3\;_Z0-8X.;D2ZCY?KM.XFX:\Z3/$W?%_#3$Q'(;*(7[-T7-FU.FFP.




MR4+7A
NH3D&
UFCO1A!AFJ'J [I-ZI5KQZG2/@_KU(KLN\#\-TNI3.*Z)P

M2%4#9X=K4F0T%18F5F 3XTZ#+BM-+3P=+6[4K#81U1YUMRX8HS5'X.^$.MR^


(=%O@'P!LLE[(XBNI
M8ME3F7V=-_6EUP(FIM)J-%:.Z\!#;B&0MEMG1


MR(B3

K.Y_*

/@GW(77]MSMT_WTYC:WH]4]E_T_1[
+W_ %]=OJ3'MNG]/A;$K:UXSZ^W


MW)![-(YJLQEE-H$DX[95Q]&#BUIQQX9

AL4LI3CT=
MQ&CFNN)DT%BXA1VZW5M!^;-%^1VNF2&V8+$.64=TBC0RTWI$WL+(B0DA-C
+


M]4D[)D%7/ON
68LU))4;

M$J+)5I!1O2MV6*QIYD7/YPB



/+I(V7//MF);=<$1#9!3G&UE^R8<3645WRY4]MNY<4

%V:'#:<*I1Y3RPX,26C5-1ALQA/\1NMA'-V5(?8:!FM4^&TF<C-

N
7.SJVU3OV!JM=GU6G.Z
*ZY$%&EZ?ON6/;Y66^HO3PW7JN!]WZVE/ZJZ,AMYDF5S*G'
2SBB
M;(XJ2/27Y+?JQZ K9%S+8;EMUS77F6WI+RIUWPR0@;Q6-;[90$OX3
AHEM[Y
M5]@KLN)XRWD)YV+(1EIRY5)HD&Z71%2]K71=^F%)P4)%^KU=@PSMNNYFE]





M9-EM+ ZBD:429(EO.-H1

R17TR
M






M8=7J9REIE!CD $Z?)*8::%A%4/-GJ+IH9/;ZMD'*26Q35WWA1=RW6RL O
J=


M$N@(IJ((I=$4B$?%43?%?E_E4:CP10::^@TVCMY*C#4'5,F(U&:C3!ICX1V
M1%9]8-QY]]\FPTS522)2O@WH_%+_ !+P]5*C2Z=4H9QCBW6FQ5#DT_7D
0J

HY.B5/FQX]7B))/SSD&=
M3IK;3S+Y.N)JR//9#;!J72N+8K55A'4':A311Z&XD/@I*A2&GV'$5MUAM&8
M[F@2:3KJ)JB8F8G0YA_#P;\%59HS+GE!AIFDMU*H 919%*?\GMU6DO
O0\D




:D



M#*G\8'/@5*-(CA%K

/SD(G40HC3\F


L5J4U(;%=$FW.'.$:WQW



&J4+@USALHO$#O$
M=8X2XKX/*LQ8


MQ$

;HXVOJLJ?7OC9[Z17'QH_0N/VR2=?1

M1GU%%75TU[9;

JTJ8B)KA]ZN(

M103S[CR-+&=#=6]=ITQR;%G 12^;[E4I!WO7*(ZC.Z9=:G.C+W[U70U[(GK7


MI

M8=;:U4D
2%'];.C0X]/D

ND*DRW

:1J]#HQ Y'G1R:[(^


U
')4%:(8L9(@H ^


M:P-*K3FJ*K^OXG\J4JEU48O#0OQVJM38-489?*NT9A7FV)[$AD7=%YUO4R9D
M!PD1=\1J


-R4;/LQON-I(RGI9T



MS-G;I9?1^



AVCUUN
VW%[9V65$G1FHS$Z.BQF)
M+.E


MQKQ9LO


M_4BWVP\
J&VK[J(+!NJ* *%[O??!M/HJN@:CX-\J]=K)M[;8_#5=K=ZEU'V=

M3TAJ^;-ME %54125?C

M?1]1R(

[/3*XF9%1=AWM:]A057NQ!%


M[F/

I;VQ)&&SK V
MC;*S$:TUB9)#3C$@3#G1' 8RNKM9'GKI=



]LGWS1E

M]^778_:C=X9@4MV4)N/SAD&VTY\&O%BU.6^X]'J1U?ANALSJ=4N(*K#G0FH\


M[/$15RO'



X8JTI+F2G

MRLW::G&ID)BH2



1Z19E:M,7=&HI(Y#-+H*I5=1152'^QK</$B B-OUM]QU%S

ME-JV]
COK%J=C&0KA
S$7;




M.@@'9(E-@HVF54Q5H





#[2;I
MF^]^U^CZ8WLBIMA;8I5W+?LI!;M\6M_*+):?()=4Y^S?M7JXCVMR86_\_P!Q

MPISHW]G:BC8^]J16WO[L

^/%!RZ9VW2
M[&MN_3DYW63]BL 6&DCSFF9#MLD62XVVZ:KW


MSIM%NQ3:OD])Q^C/0))(F6/073])WRA3J76W6?
O.JTY XAI3EMF)!6B5NF.
FI)ZEANG+PR&5
%&X]/8


M1]NN
MK6ZKO[/I]N!!M+F2_:_@GKQJ'835%5 R[[]Y7ZW7N7W6VQV4^4BG=
M3(%LQ;;]$[K*EU\5QJ#\7RML[?O#=]/N3T[D[94N*N*.]L#[OUO$T;)J$M%

!C(CM$2A=72F94[AS^;=7
M=; EE7D0$V^X;/\ #-. GM3SB?3DM[5P;2]0*_N7^?\ +B(LMI'4\YHY_0:D

MFA1%(5[U4D5$5%PM(J1..1)F4@UV!;:M(0.@'=-(P

MRZ2+D4U

!9OSK2Z0#9;GK;ZI$9 OG


CB[B2[FEEVQ2-^M
@7_ .1L_;OP7KLEO6G7
M\WZ





M8#)#Y#PXHM(I])BL4[AQ_M-#C*AO)3)&G+9UXIR#==%[1GS6M134M.2Z%\I6
MP_50HM)J22 Y-2&G0QGR;TM
GYB
]H=)O19R*;A*.DUEMIC;[BFZ8-@/I&




M@J@
UO79;[;)ONO\
M3A/7ENB^Q57]-]OIQ[5Z)X6W7OZXIO\ %G?_ (ME^K9/#%;&&ZXT;;<=]U6E
M)[(Q+8=F^C8LHQ1=

M9

M^S H@HB9'!3IWN9^K=CNET3++5U;=]LJ#39;=@!7M&2NR6C39###B;#I F8Q
M^*;;N*DG2UJ@$8!.0W%UB;4457VF$S.=G-0/*\;=Q3*A*2Y0RKFW-IU5EI!
M1$[%\U=4;E].V0@V7*8\BY$*+,@+VGB;AQIZ&PT@JLBM4IC/)6(W9/.2HK
M:N2( )SR&I




MJ\P*J3F#02^3J=[9)@GM2(0 RX^9\O*#9F'0@$E

M
<$;4KK:198Q=G5D3LZNYO1H\M ;N(:BW(&Y7R*H'D(ARJ2$X[$$2[-:S





0


EG OXJB)A
U*1115Y4G&G7O3-')$^C!(W2\C
MBIRJ4O



M=[.^:^BPN&IDJ

+\#@;.AN2LJH;$GC*0VJA
M+=Z.CP]'(J9%.W;W:F^ ]G6;4Y#4*(T.FRVB)G=41Y(\2.'



MCB9?#SB'M[



H@4;C^]BP#:




V657%)1$DUT54';?;:VR(26;B3R4);#9*T8*O9Y
8E


M



MV1%LJH8!Z*=-T5WM(/0WR4F7CC$.=297

W^$V!]I[Q.
M,@$]K&;\'%XWU':'_UKQ4[%=_$IG#M;;_Y_W]^/CN$:3ZNS5GB&W\KM?#.;
MVY1]B8^^^

MJ















MAZD-=DI$%$'(AQF(Y4M0Y7)\YR1-=]%7M- ;'[O'K,9AV0\?\#*TPV;KI9

)BAU+M4@XBU1OR1/1(*4YKL:HT?9[/)5\QU
M&4@9LCJ-MI:RI@I(T:6[2!C5/1&-0W


X\J7Q'9:I$Q*DC[Q2A6D

MN0(C
A?T513KX9[CZK]-^[%E!?;:V_?LOZ5\+^/



SZJ*(FZ+T7HM[I[;6NO3PPEFU


C$??S3(***GX1DI.%Z^= 7YN.BJOK3[?5C


M#(A72[/*V=E13
7@OAB1+.K
:2M91+L
I!!$ 05%



$Q
B29
.-


QVGZ?&I(


MICF!%*R*AD.8=U2 

#V(01$R:*)IB2*:?@UBJR04C?F
CE:V:F4]53^/%85?M[<=_AX=++_1^5<?3M



MR-




M4W
?IT4*NXT7HFRU5&&76[M/MNMF8DS&C
M1XT=IMB/'8;%IEAEH4!IIIH$0
M&VVP%   1!$4011$3%15@D-&AC

M_LA?_!LO\Z^[#\-]/-O@HW[P+J#@_A-FB&/K3$KAUU5LU
RJ5_1;:(]6.G]K


NH2)




YVB(P^J/1_V







M:LQDA1LWJSQ%4I-4F%?F=7S





1UYI^;2IC+


MNR)#)&DD#-V

]^0@JLDC)Y7(ILQC[0C^1 L).#U
M%MSBF2K(
 %PC5



M&L!VEXNTR':C?RI:?4 DMOLPV&Z9&0#1X6GFXPL.9RW C9)EQ.3;.;(CZ

B4E-24S
UWS*JV5=_E$M

(


WR;=W50S%9+[I

ML6R



M63DFG

N_G 12=:8&7%2.Y
UXYMJ0Q
MP$7$-P=3.VZ4=QF4$=

I\348/*MD3TDT[M'RIT4
0EBF3N1,B$RVK;3N_QB$)YD)<I#W$+H*S*\YFNXIZN7-E$ %0$7ENX;B

M1
B':UTNN7*J*JD2IN0XS'&DHV64ERJT0CGW3T7/PDOOF%21%3-L@.%V8HZK


1VF([C;
KL[9)G0GFP5

XWV05S*J F;#CL:*4,7YC40V](B B.J^TTWJM:SDC21Z1'\\D=6[/-.


MJ]JKWXZ6OM;P]]_HQ68]_BYD9ZWAKLF'_P;_5BH_!\'D-FO-\0M16^



$?2=&E5!S0:NX
MJ&B*F$JG#%8B56+RHZC)*


G2ICE/[3 [:DU
MR.6D\V=3F
V: 92)9K3)90CHC%BM15BNG+KDYR$45R
LN5$5&'HGQ3S*-0&E
M:)-K(!(+=K


MF4G8


M%3)+=R^2IO?ZK;+[
/$[5JJV5/?:F5').=VH MO%4)+0DNTB*;3+3:*I(\[.

.HA3WKDM^@94&RJ4*A0X4
HAUL*7)-M!??0%J2
M0RS$_2((-2$;NJHV$IE#W1PD2RU63/AQ$2)
IC3#61QIDCF1ZL9DHPZ/53)_











MUD:*08@B?


M\N9?S?FQNZ]^FFQ]?*MM_!5P2BZX7@I(T_RK
G7\]M]D0^Z]]U6/O?ITZ8^
V\+_\ R)]./C5MX;[?I^A/R6W?)-O EW]N



M3;VWMA?17W2=O'^S/Z

M^%[JO3UKC=I/[Y
M[[RENJ?1ZL?$_P#.R_#_ 'Q]N[YHZD*JBV1^2[=V;6


U3O3MLA+^O
MHME\-O;?&T O5^R+X67U68_3A


MVP!\!0DMC.+38!\E#MUWL*@BIEWLGI[$GI?*QV%V?(*&VTZRW%=D.'':;=5H
1&9$0(2$)-+@TK<KY2TXM/8054&T5Q7




3IS9T22$Z*VT3[9QA<<


HYW$%T2;%S=






:
@'=-F&




U@53.0(
MJJ#K2KMK
K=10N4P(V[CFS@COEAEJZ;MOMOM.BO@H$WO;Q#
/@2XWK+:]?0B
MSSZ?Q(JX7+-D.V_@X

MWO9%WRR'?'UX73H;Y6Z:DX&T7\6
[WX1)=$DLBO58\QJ22?R'&8J+^.E\6IT



MQ'9L68#@JVVV\Z6D

S(Q_-=8K
Z88':R\[:7ZVLN



8D)BQ/



M_3W=


M:7G


MU4;%Z21%4Z@3^L,BD+KDEJ811W8IU2]2!6G7HKC+ZD2*PFNR%/I=6@I*DT

;NX-I0(XQ-;<7

&G1^2G.A-NFCK5+F&^K+9;S6P:MI:F1E27




M(A52$-E)

MA)%1%P;KKANNN$3CCCA*;CADMR
S)5(B)5N1$JJJ[K]Q*OQ8C\GB/M4@%1
MFK3P5$5LY&H)+28#ET+7?:.8^THE%B:#R3FI8-
Q8=+IPL/4^!;TX[DAZI
MLWS..JZ(DE^2ZY*E.:;DEU\\QH3@ SIL9%=17,@*%T1S+LJYD%%) L5U7?




M$-


M\6$
28;R+HRX[T9U$ZZ;[9-';^22XMY:DHG@4
]E\DEI2MX7MT[MER0JZRV
MJ^EJTHTS;6NKC51SW7OOF[^[;(W7Z::=2$PF1QO9$Z
@ZII_&+Z.F%!MZC/


MV
26PK
)&6XS
NE-.-HO:73%


W*AV9$@N
M-2/)D=C3DQ6&LL9MS404\X:+P^LR%39'_DC.J#TA]'&WW7IGPH V\PXX+PCH


MDS,7M'+(AKEV3



M3*.H09+YAV9EFDPZ2UQ

W@B)
.


Q3H




MF;11L?.924A0MD4$])54FS'*87;-LO2$AN*H5^\5S9N_WXFR66D=?8B2'66K

M)29&]+%MSL[)/(M.J#C82/V-9D-H?:&2+3=?J#JT#J]GCM7Y7?$#(% S 2
M
-[BJMHN7NW%55-_#=

M$OMWC;NO[




HP\(T*

Y(F2%)Q]W
C:.NY6
ME25

BWNC#2K8G++E.6X.LXET%&6BT4U9KF9\T^]X35ED/KT


W=8T)M51AA+^DB?OKRCL3Q\Q77*@A8!1++T5



MTWPB^!(B6VVN?VO[
*O7E3?U\R=/!57\V/7M;TNX=_K7I]6/S6_!VO\ 7?Z=
ML

MJI%?4
UD41$KY76B*

^NI#H706[*BN6T\UAO=41
M?V_$O=X<B42H:JK'TD?RM(QJ%IZP7L*_OG\]D6EM]A%O6&K*
6DOTXGG! F

S$@$41.JJN5$


:
MD@$G


MB]([0TL.J12CNY=1H[B[&E
+Z$F%*:4X\R*Y^]R(SCC1[V.Z*B8&#2HCDN0J

\

/N9A5LR)$YUS7V1




_M5/IZ8LFJT

=
%68;1.$T-Y[(74U;$


:JH[(4[ZNO+9^/:KRO%OVCXJ558IM
M.G=JG
@)1\C0A%!*@#2
L0VUM



MAQ


MH9J@74C+.\\:YGGW.FHZ?RBLB*; TV(--VT  )T^EY)M5W!PO2C05[]147
MSKZ=S(KE$OCB3+IDY

;



3


1-[@)
ML#E5%105 U%%%38-







6$KW]M)K47O-
$T_L0C=$4-CVWOW+9.NW
B;IU7


M_L2P[X)V3(4'4OI1P81S=4MFU#T\@]UD2_=:UKM-10?RB3://.IRMH\B'?T5
MRYG5L-NZ_.FV''7B:;./;)F(\[MMQR (EZ2I9


UN8IC)

94Z!9%4C 5W#5)U1Z@J(F!#.2B.V_?Z_?U]GO_






A*MU+ARH@X2;WN

VV9^*

+HAZ!9NJ(I77?$-G7E L/60

Q(PFQ1V%Z9EL^XB_O0W0]U__RE7O^O?'


MWR[+M[
Z'IW*V:]K[=,96H[#8[EE!H!3?+W@[V:_?R!X#
M;26,R0*BCE5H%&RIN.545,JVO;\JIA&^S,*VF;DT0RW*Z&N7+;GWS_.^5UPB
M:3?)?+<$L.?F<RI;ES%N67TELI7ZX)BQBY%'=EM?G)9=MTLXZEO[8Y;8ROG
M*+'



M4?

M6FN
^'
[I*9.NU

5VF25[[JB
M
ODN;Y/H*HIMLE\-)'D#)%/1-PV2
[:QX6A*MN_<





MQ%7QN?98







B7WW$GU3LS)]%S!VP5W]N




?G^KZON?;[

MD
NL&H60T%T%;)154)








! 0$! 0$!$0 A
4%187$0

MU_SG]U_SG]U_SG]D_P Y_9/\Y_9/\Y_9/\Y_9/\ .?V3_.?V3_.?TK_.?TK_
M #G]*_SG_AO]X/H1\ ?_ .__ #_[\YH,W+UJ\/'C[Y0=5X['X_OC#^:/Z]

? LN

MR
2M@5?ED5*A\%F&L[56^ I4W&SLIC&R$@\VIQ/S]LUUD+&P&U(H5UO%EL



JBJ@AR@X#T='!]-?SBPR_7^_P Y_?W^HIL4^-?UP?2P
M^EJ












MA







B H*2%MX/4'W!%O@


/BI^*6N\A;09#7V0(_-Z0;5TF,=QP%-^;ZRD,!AV[B



M:)@(*5.M49OOJ/HV]%Y[.E


MEB0_A2X1 2N^@CZ%Q]7.#JUSKSY=B&#NIXC4@!%'N1PEJVC*QV413#03EPTY





MN 3$WM/
K0+YNZQ4X3'IV


M QMY[W4*+B0#S0S:NB



QZS


MM;+6A2V9(?+])SMH=PE 5@:H 8':6Q;#G@=#+B6&@@@W$IR0+'A%)*RB#B/A
M

:F



]!S3Y N@H(E'.\(4)@A\$Y-$!I:8[@S%%'GFZ.GJWP=
MBP5
%NSKL'RT\N7ETQU!VJ; DEZT;1@3IB'8QIQP]/D.T;:&:T(C8XX'CH#L

M='G.4^


QK


MQ-($:8VDV!XU[5R\BOZ


M)LYSA(**K/?)VKSOGHR@#($A6J3;PSQ6K=&2D;X)=]R'%=SOU
YAG'8?C6WW
7@P*+K&TH!O?9X*A+UE*]A1(U@

M0)ZL*4'RH\N6B
/D_G$QH
MJMBII(Z4/ RZ4Q (,H=%;=0M%(BQUTU1!YZ7,=8BG-09O9^MRG.\:ARM ^


M
H9MN'Y4)+%*JE6S5DX
-P6GT+YTY.'2.+Z'$/



MMLH'

M;7@I@+J@+[EE]Q:&0294;27U!UXNW&6A]H\Q

MLAS@D&6)T
=UDWX8FS H)KL

'.^+M-^'WCU^;S_ZG?'5XPOO\DVZZX+QU
IY_*\/


M2I% M_4B@5PCTA8$#M=



M/^N#;^]/]9R_O@X?QCUYU!P0:EG()SZ&\/;N6X2N()O:/1_;+@8&.CX_ED
MBS+/C-()KL!MW H(D&@4B)I'2)K=P_K[X_K[)G[0P.G7C7P6:7SX?-_OWR)'
M^E/[X;MPGY+K^+_;@'6P7XF:GS/XRLQ.).W=3$
LVQJ1











*^*$)VCY0J= !*!7 Z.-Q&$G_ &OFPFG*DU:G92$B$D#VD^C[


M^X&^G&J5 TMFW;1V!Y\[4 &I*'S018GMDLHRY#4:V$:8N#8Z
&GT*%$T(3*0





M('PH'-W 62U@XM5(3;WPVAJB( IO)8:WY\W[JFEY3=91]M7K8[ B-
_P#.







F#TEL)HP'FQ8VU2





PUZ$K/76$
/A!I_P#5)27\%0(=+85.&K8P=@#
)#=UW%VDJ[%T&!US
M5SFG;M0V=

M4'#Y!
/D90PY'.\

Y5N
+EG81IZX(\C8
*\KX 6

@?+M.-4:6A


MK@=4
SHAN
MX0:!


Y7FL






-\[Q'.#V'/AY_QX*3T'AXR?XF=W#$
M9V--@@V-@*!;U


H]@
&50M76!FX!W;
M]%P6J.

M+Y=H8N$6H\$R

:7T[RA.B$8C%I(M%P('





([6 W&
M4Z840

.?


P/@JGB=XLD)8#3M)&Z^5L*C1
M+^@HMMR%D09KK,5QCO^

MPYQ&A#V(-68-LINRQ'HV@G%+JSIZ
$?GB;/VOUM'YX8F-X;CV0@#(R
#X)^(
M9L9!:F7*UYXW2GM\-818.I'(=(/#\'SWFO$@AP%4:;T-VGVPU26FD( :A=
M[[R85SPZB;4.:PWBM.0?^ XTZWBG97*V*CD-0)K+BO#(V][G^_OC%'V67[]7

.AN


O\ 1]9K
MMPVVAG;;+5D94&@O3C[-3IFHP;HZ.$1_.3SFQ4JNX6I$\0)1..NQ%K-5,F7
M:369*Y?6;0H\*+%YL4$T2L@-C[U

MZ.& O$BI(7@E\IY4JE%O1R;K%I/.*S;:LM
-?P4Y$[(IX[=P@X1RHU$.^O


M 
3)+




H7?Y8T
M16\R28H;9$M9+D?$XS+2]4#K'';($,:8,W1:R[/HH,,!*$]!Y TC:D<+&:)B
M_ V1( L5C'1Z3($YXL(AB6EPKZ0#$/22B'**L@IS@H32O5<*C+)\ YL)M'
ME)Y+@+B-@69ZHQ+@T((PVSAI+)



;<<GS[6Y7K




 6\*;.0!'KW
M(V+3)1?8G!0(,%+'9!: +)KP&]1?M$^B42EB4


M=XNL3_3^

#X?R8''K$Y?7_']]8QV ( 1M3H#R^
6IINVHUIB^8U=?G!H]S]







4 7[$#$]FA$@I[N',

BG .
MD_D-ML





M P]F+0 :TZKCPAP)I=JNB-@2TKRL!4)
6_HO;8W39@8(4!D%FYEB%0M
P8;]




MSJSS@_4 3$]1*

A!Y:7FH024TM0%-%%V2< )2X--+
MK+%JG
''HWN@ZZ? 

!


VE
*< (B&C5X/0F(]+CABD!AJ7DNBH<H !T4A

3

M0T6Q2^T3?-B
++M$Y8?
EZ0TR2:B\$NG$A/



M*.7IZ?B:O


M#4ITLA3QN

M:B:82TJS'G@G3'282;\K ).





F




\=0]3Z#J*BSY(
M7M3'9#V4^ ^P%P&%Z6?R$@#
]:XOT.M;E0$$%+IJ6!4%B6.Y^]+ K#M;P?O/

MU:LHS8)I

M[

18=!)LT20/

MKI4S161SDSK@4\R
W#I3*@T($D'LO
+


4HT@:=_MFPWPPLZ=BOC(T:3YZG?5^?\ +CH[:YZ_O7%#(++U!7]




M5OE1(M#MJW4&7_SJ1\9Q(E'%4M#&OVX%C4S0


MK'5

MQ23WN3@G(

J B1+[C^ZRL7F
M&9TV_0?&



^A_0+.B!Z]Z+G^F
MUH;U@7C\$_!#]*:-
;#0@4V@%$IO Y81VEQSCXFC9?K2A0AJ*AX#!['03Q-K
M=;I+TP+..*BIF2TLD )P+@A*F4\R]H'D96C52G!!\=DUJQX[Q& ^]R')H\$4

+3PW3\/&
(

MK@3]-F)MY2Q F)'.:AL(BW%


M)/FG&#7
0LH&3M8


W_1QH%(L.Y%7\/L^\+[B@8C8JWZ@38%9K7;OSJ
M:Y/[SK/V)_'TDG5JQ[56L!-6;$V*RQHYWX./F)#7D-
NV^=^G+H:%4]@! EU

C%4: 655H)/)-ZD5:
:KC








X#R-CECVUG:]9+R7O.4EVM



MI\BP-C!. )#(Y(.CSVSP/.I9CBYU)3&'VPN(RN+[XCVCM2R*1::B)'.8CRJ
M






M!+:0+J4PNMQ-H0K!*0;H\2**[4_(



2?




F MJI&XKG5%\G&$1H-O1$*
MC%?1Y,1G1C/ R%BM9NKH[XKM-'?OQ&+4ED0,M,(TB*JB%^PC9,' VL=*6)(

M2@ !.-E22E;3:0;Q=#J@D0(T' MQ64$(
KX6@
:8QY.6%@@5KQ^GA72J\=TI






@E!'=Q7OGLT?19N^'0*NI^SA5JNS



M?&VK32.((K[19P:21*[TSDN=:, \8,.6,%*BJ8$'-:&(D1Q^A8RX!VX6L0
M+K4YOI5AQQXR; $- DZZ?\ .M[RV0@)'(  DD-!8]]C2(D,7!5OD8.MX/=
M;)%'U3$&

EJ$$8QQD)-2
MI=CQMDI/*F=3(AI&$)KA5#LOMM+%BF?%-8_YY3N;Y)N-$*+BLT;ZO:B8YH?
MD=@VN$F0CC4ER#9((W+V?]5M97- [1FNZK,4NVT'#.93'.F&+'7G_8:5J3\
MQSMOT2%(T5*.H@08I:X8WY,5VTIFUTAJMIQ'HSLRO60!3)2
\'T3R+/
;M








M%P*M*AK4G:'&XLUH9-DJ@64_8.T@;$8U8]4


H2#T],6U+W0<3 XKY
M)#GW$GWWQW?=H/U:W2++)'J$7I1C4N@VKP&%OF!#,I 8E@'TQKP:@4CV;^

MW:&9M_(:H7 .\3;'$B@G:@/VZ6M+)3
AZZ:$14% +^SF6_B2UH\DX L#;++(





MOI'.^UTN1L=8!

M.7*9$Y





 F2%K8,1+1MHI5NX5=(&&.<)J.C%,N_)8AKRFC[GMT$S$;DY!F;

AEK.NY[U8
C5N:=YT=



M!U)C&VY[I#
$!V$)0XK


$3/&M$K(L
N]@B

M$5I FM(35P+F+-0#@J!2HI 1R/VJ.(DB@






[?V/P04
]*B3 HL$/
9M;%R-RKRP 0TE&

MM@/;SN8



.
Y0-V/.MMGRZCP89
M ,D!@Y^V+J]\,+:Q*FQZ_:G?B[D95SNG:(2(!84RQ&FSS.A[F<;GJY9=!-
MFKR:4)7!-OSY)KL&7R9W^KDA@K=2%W&W&K-(W@_(F@

B0N *%H(JZ&UI8M



MKO.N7






I30T

MW5?U&B4% =TQXT0K#KSAGN1%-N+!E=1&HBU)9DK9-24IG$YU6*?DWG/ ;GH
MU(8*JX
[(8RU/#R1+F92*W@K!


M2AM4PZ9+-DU&

M%*TXC+G_ +37

M;XB$##C-7


*)P&]
M?(ZPI29@)N8%U%7]Y3+4#_,'[.W?J+ZRP&1;O9E\!:TCA'S:+[:9'6I:'/Q
MDI&A%'87 T[?&0P2)L(+*T/)V=:UA*;5L]HI=Q/..X/7)Y/:]91U'[-HV:'

6A9S'

CRJ6$B% Y+_84QM ^ 17!

M


81KK* G1N5BGL%7Y$[



)O)G^U#ZP\/(Z:9^E\H]C_ &H%$$B



^6_6-@4*J4/)+



MD3M?


M7G =^.+%L[V[%\U




YBXZ8/#OVK5:Y#9-8G5UWN0QR

6\SL5Q=5?$D
)LW+9PR]
M

'C
\


M'0AIJ] GFY.LH)@5'S1*'^!&1;U2'1


M2%:E=S9M90Z695@(\FO1+A
?P#*ZDW6@H[
116%/L!@
?1?/4CG.ICLO$*'3


MJ
[)ROTMYAK2(EZ5B;7%4=F%XK^!$U8I*A6T1*1 *1//)3RN:Y[!/=1R$&#8
M8.C.%-0X#--.DQXSD@@:\E1B9TCDCZ&098B'P)1]#Z9R (PU.?9I!BVEZ$
MR0? NJ1VE8]Z)#(3(#53OY6)FF%
*0=FPFVXHO)8 B*S*/:'DAJ$::\B!\&X
M@2 TH@EVV!\U7(5EJDM6'KPW4@8= 0K%&FD!$H ;5\C;='1G;]/O#71P\!

W38=K2BP1;TK8$$

%
@#+U[



7X#^/J36

M'1B*TSIN1_FGSLZSI\&?Z

D     @'@
&#$B%AOQ#I&



M!Y5)2=SU ;GO

M[4M@;Y@=AJR@F0'[=OZ'1?O^NVB%\JWLWGQP#[)ZZG?PSV&?$&+I/E@;SA!-

MM 2W1L+YA]AVG4EW(Y:N82BM-M0Q


MU17I.O0_WW78K!60;.^BAD(&-RSJ@L0XJG7VR580\W2 P N&PJ4\0G1_#5?
M0TR/!V8/$
B+

H^; 2[G^.E]^_HD!J!FMX-N'0#DP9.$=4(XU58



9TDIMC9&/L


/MAC S6.-/;85Y?W? W&IRO 1IHNW3ZR)0J0CL6FVD]/&5:!4
M++$C[E3_ +C*
!2=O -5E8XP\W?QIY#Y?_
YP4+?''KO?X]XAC=1B;:.SLU$

MCRBW^WSFI^??YP=$


:0 *

IV(A.

M
\ZXD_.VOQ*UX
*U9$!!84


ME8O NHAD9T*='U=93!F;?&^,$D$KQO[HTU)&(6QE;DT52]M\(M&EHH#6J#Z
M-X2+Y6_PP)EFA]803 %#7_XYQ3EP](!P6&W%(B)SA-K^R-ADE8OM*/\ @4QJ
M&#\%/@WYO+FAU3N
/?=;&0

MJ





M[G@4NU6X!&[COY^W_

%

[KDJ5!T2HBGI !K%T&I:_)



M ;P

MP0W(*=1:[-5*Q8M0+?X0\\*,8''8!Q=Y0 FFN&*KQ4=2B ZE%DDT)Z
P8J
MV:*8UR12SP0(S;!L$+;1/E0[2'/$9&FD9A8IYHC !$[3A;'-#;@B*]= TI


?$0G N*&PF72[HV3[KO.2H8



_FS2



M]!YP!DI9)5BY O#H$S=$)\6@UI 4)J*[V'!; W(;P:8V$F0#[$*C08(FDL4&






YBNGS]:U-7AY

M45WM9@@)


M55-RU4RHMU=YTL4?R.XDE]7KP%A7$V*CMIJ-]M/PXJ!7 ?VT@1M3!YT((9
M=

3S&GRL*EBT$]#
\O#1S8JETM


\3=$A24B*5#$#V?A@=6#
*D
M

N_ ?UO
85*0ZM/6B


M61TQ6MMMUNB2P5N=G9+0.:#
X4S^10+%1V4BJ )&Q@5)1A5T_T+?G?UPB#

M;U!



MDU00;P(T(RK %G 5QJ#/OZZPO ?NOV 0FIC$!X/S'!5#9'CB31S4*RF@-31A


M@B24

;(38+]FA[DS:$NV+%


M_?NW[M^_?OW4N1$%L=O@0D*:OZ=K2!(-TFH7%(3A?


M$\KEIUH*ET94PUIV$5J=#]\4


MP&[_ 
A4[KD4(.LN*


Q@.BK/J*M2I_-1@+EP(@ZU0+,%X]6#?0$G7C6'E@DU2,0#-+@NO
M:8T!0!< HT?Y2H!\C-^$+PF$%(Z#^*M@2Y
J!V%NPU/R0F!VCNME5-KPMH'


%NSJ++MA[Q)/A_D_OQCG $!58(2:77
M$NWB[ 5!9(V



G!VCD-,Y,=BUOG=


M0T
3:UWL/%0U41LH)(%]4%



!US@*2
MJG?



L0(IB!!!(,YZ%@.E76DQ)F28D8J;


 4R




]

U('KMJN6A\(T


MS'R.D=GPW_&

M!I.@CLX#Q7[ _BY9A/.N-5T][FYWMPXJCT;.U+X8W[L:6H0FB2FA:X%1GX
MG^!^@+%VY+5A#2M@D:^R


M6'XBI'8$
#GN7U+F3@GB6@C_ -NP


<K##0I@0[)P





M184I)JSG:5P&Q4MC+LER*P
I

MDQT0$D67_ LPBF%MQ;K+8*9)-U2![;E))C@8.!([ (5SF)T.8A&I?*HN3:

#:*6[;D$2NZXD]?A(^OG(A.'%V05@GXZ_16 /IR!<+J;)VHJ\8,
MK6P#NZ5!IP68*;AE\&=O/RB%5+39]+HI:C+I 9^4MC9'U/&$VQ_:Q[C);R(

UY4I./!^



BO
.20X6=2TLW((WD6HA4BK2!!3B@ \@O+F
MH

MK(K0!J@QAUHPI2K)T-N3M)1

M
KHE=

MX=HF



MDJ%
@$(+BM(V1^I3+']!3CMH^@=QC8J0_N=A=01%7C.CM$JF(E ?
*-RQ%!J
M'
09(W&.^D*_ ?D)H$V8!%9

X


ME^'
XB=^P.LV
%Y$M%['W.

-3G.4^P@&
MOYQ+H


M=M%Y*$K#=6*X%%@GG4&ZF; /J#VY ;Y&GI
BZ=98HT!



LR(!!-]K3DT-T
*U&R*BH4





MM_9FY6E\


MB%1W)&\Y)G*N;6GOLU3QQ &**E-W7&&T)'P8*FF=/K#0Y;D;K/.KUDD'.]R
)P5L.%-!*#:;B#;=$)5=K-B;


Y!

M:1I8O1=0C

M5TC#


@R%1T#&=M_T
M9[A#@(^[.
]D9$NXZ%G9W/I+6=V=J:JW6JG(Q=WF


5!1AWU?\HJ\0\7D:

M[=69QS:CRLY6A

M-Y#P?[J3IK082*SLE0T_BG9?Q218J^A#WF$Q-M&I




MLMIR B:<).H_A@=D,+$EV35'D/IQ.;'L@#6BI\@_IL?#3FH0AY!72WTO

XNT
+K\J
8
M10


M&0K4&M0E6+0LXK'G7C1#+ 3Q5!5VE(S[6$;:C @LP&776 H9#@Q&FXL V!$K
.;J.<
M0C'EL6/J0+.(:Z]3RT\Y2-(E7ZY7E$=[0+!WQ@59UQBT1#\

MFDP[+#2161ZQZ$H;X'BU;OF)+[8(]1%U#7B#7%336 [0([HHTUC)(CPI4_
MV#3J%5Q;$22M!)1;[(M):@6GP'H,0]G*2H&UE*0$?J-1:

 




MN:.2.%TN7 1)6\$MP8TMQR@]O&R6 


MK0O:E%V3F+P?4




  &DQSV
M04TA'?WGC%5$T14FS=!VIA2 TFS@]%BO

8I:3. BYG=Q2&^[

!
A=H^O[F57=Y
M.W.LA2OW1MRIXS(#O=2G-$DJO#D*FFR&R+WPPS0Y9S: /VY98 6YCE4[S#


J'
M%FMA!XH&]NN&*6O.3=7W^UX+@'Q7H:Y&(AUKC*+BLTAK&N!8F=GIJD71%SX
M%P&%L78Q\[C1HS8-?0U#E=-$\%W^6B\



M5)H%^R[3W
T<L%<:N'


607FQ$TX(G0#?R]4     @&@#@#H/TVSE
M?O#IHW?+:@_+*1N$2? G$M(+F



@


MF+
C=0@);=PFRERN%R7P=_\ $M49#H7

M5XMRP58

MG2XG'Q9

JX:8\L.1+5!Y

#T&EV)(


%B&@!^1

M*7:^/IJ.$I!XW+8




C_2T8R3.?NC

M(


WTJJPS
M(-.Z-QOL
/00N+@8!T & @    : #0!H#CZ%91I
B03I0I E&LR?@T046C3B

!3])




M'I$B$R:O281^2=]-?]_*^WD+PM4U1HT9Z$9RGO&_0=%!N$3:
%2+W!*A:WI@
M1F$-#/\ (VS9JER26AB@0,A2S:YI.76Q!)2!T:+I;%JDRX$S@@
[I9/28*








M#T8-I&
]1


.)RAHO)8

MA]Q#%J\TOQ)SK:

C^*I_O






Y)]






MIX;F
LAI\!%1'$



G#)=C92
M5V8DM5(82EX@.-/N%HQ


C$M*[/E9(Q)FH2&J:1'7PK_$+A4F@F58X#AIH
M[GT61#18B1 2%&X$





MI-^&0\/K^6:SGGJU_P,-B1\C1,^83R-.2:KWOW2_MARD_ZP

V%NI-8!%-R($T*'9KR



G%XX71703X)6E(0JJ7T/$-1/

MCX:&YPJ/0X\'P1P.TL)DI%&L@VMR
&!$YO0GRV

NJL



MW%FQ'0=@\1_/O%ZX.AP\)NC\H\*EBD603K)MT'+JC@001M$:U=!H\ F44N0)

4XH ?*=X37&P&A?A_O1\8G6]-1_+?
M9AK%(L1* [=6;K#\0U%..^N^;(1(,(HTU=RWE=.EQIR?6TK!H*.$Q#LH#












M[EO7+5-E5*VJC'DKE&URI7O[96UC4B



^SV9=!]0/16@0%J'E<&6OPRAX7I@*'(
M.7<X[+A$D4-1P-@*-FN7$1H\JAB


.0(7878.\/I2U';PBNC;05N;_LI\0]-(:E/M

)*E+SO*L ):D*8@-O
:0F&PNT-RHXXX2U&D
MT&NW. =?X?I,'VXF$$5^#X\FJ#3*)(0&J&@9R6D?J @30\HQC;_  33@PIR


-1+'0+)TMJ! J!16MJVK3@.IH:;-<A@@LQ1

M6;BC4M/78;9

MMC:+HYW-WZ$W*^M2GJ^TVQO^+X'T GX-(XTTY]YPVU0

M^X\H]H&GAOX8:7[A!T$X C+-BF:\E1Z1=4)U6\$=IU





MN@MK6LGA)/N/[A%CTTFN&H)4;Z6'WLL+@YY!_TCE\I$T)3*&W[A?!9I1
+
M9

A 8;Z




/RU


MUS

Y!3RP_*T!88=.2# F8OID71I4D*([(!E;'TZPM3H_1'!.$-!

E\EZB.:[73.4Z\K5O

EU@


$)HI XFH&E.1-;WAO[TT
MHU^@?WQA1-ZN5*)G3=YJ

2$
O$6+82N+@#BH(;11@,SR1


8Y#.[S6:'G/D?&F-W(.PA=NW,
MVD6!2P!NF$.:]&#FEL^!07.G$:<*G.N:<MRC_1-)W1J\@5FND!(&-OZZA&H


[1\)#





W(H3LY7472AN#

U%@5H3T+0L*.W.L) (P;I %4[&D[WPXH1
MFT

M':5OCL%9C#R!U!!JZ;R  00\


M'%C2)=C[K2Y14-;
#.72'C*H\A8^R_'A\X3
!J KNLO*)JFKK-

MT\86H6C


Q_E)TO
M7AJN =5*

MX_IR-
.=?]
M]]+K&F0FT4W%+4*M
U0;0KJM;*N^MQ X.M7+&NE5Z8'!1E#J4MQK:1+%NPA




0-8DA*N)+P.Q7U#S%

M


0:[.PS*&B5R^M
 -?F
M(RODBU!

URDY!6WG
M)N/)K66N+'I]LD07BF*/7X@(8.NPVAU:X
(TJLB)-


@ \
+8:B75


].A<=4JR3C:E]I[DVUTG)P2:] S;'N
M;J%'DY 2Z5;LT\B0\[TJ_P I/H?!UO?((4P\?$NC;U*/
ACI$MN=T&^!M$:U




M352A$?UNJ_49A=-06Y1M0Q 9


M_&717R 4260!+PZVP*00T*6'?V'%8NXF;2&2W24/Z^N%W*;^[;S7OV#I%%P
M$0'F#W,4\W*M%=-# L8:M-18%S-DC@4N#9@*R_$['9JTE5)P1



HS!0_@2XMV&8KCSI\






*$[D53M!PX*463

1#3?24WY5DY:



M.JI5//C6$2-?*#A&H(/&W+?)
:T&[(D[@])122;R+6J'(


MAQQS\SJ/



$

M)'9&S\;1(V\C

(:P%4?(D4;1C$]0I-HMBFC4IA5


8!I+B5\Z_\


:FY.%



M=;Y.1G&L5XR@*%=3Z=B/)V*]Q- \D:*E 4T^3;L%2%I#853EOM7PRUMV#.2?

5HLUX&R8=LJ+6%T_H=8'1OCHA5H9
+INSOT3]8-A\DLN)
M?FTD!1^8@HG7:]N_:)[G=+N0GNF+9X3Q&C(BG0MF_M33+/
2
#QQ&1'2=*

)

ML*&;T7IK"$@KH\I9?RH7@E#SC+T;#QGT J77CXHLC:M+@4HZQJ'0U7U&H



M (($2GO+T=^LXT8_I@.&$SVE^
$:_P 8C1XW7W_X2(@XD3^E5$4*U=48024$



%;Z4^QWRG?/O+H
M4:C


M\P(^SP4UH X(4R

M5L51G=QEK&YX6UIC+%

5$K3=R\/(,CR\F)0#S;N.:%7?GL0[WY$4V)9B$E
MU2*%]*-/B_Y5)9.<'&)&78'#2-LA31Y5-C8+D=?1DRR A(LFH.
6CR?T0
M7JJPA-V8$+:M2H6'#@45


MPO/@X6C=F2@-O$Y:'/+'._0C)6J)1ES0:R+?N=CQ)Z);(WL:RIEH]%T# =
MMC 72@KM@Y0MB/E
RB;YB 4PC5Z\  8B @B

-V$0!(A0X N%$
M)#8\J  &WAA(]6Z0@(.(75




M 0= 7EL[F9;4%'6H&*7&?-%WHKTU!6 @^P3)3$5AVX4XO@Y%I!8BH;KB7T
M2N.=]&W2JVJE.$ 7T_&?Z8S_ $MG1'X^E&
+S
!;K?IY@2B*15J)R:0B
!GU
MYO.]AV\HA).)]PN$H$(TN% 35(1:H; 9OU-A)*
(=M!EQL1'_!8 0G(+
R





M
3Q:5@@4B6FF)N\\/0F$E!Y/D(EFUL( 

!WQB9?CRB.VC
MJ/?W#DZ&2*B.BB]A42.D,#&^ /DU(,<C!<]_A1D0B@*EDR;71Q4JMNV8.
MM DW
:]@ K.TIAG4HE$4NIU 4

M91K-^%8Z0'(KLV])BW)W,EB+&:-1P1*4G8]8-!L5.RBO3M&IP%E7ZBYH8 ,
M/!@HC UX%R3EU+:LT#@]'V)5
70X(=[Y=&-G 4 * ).JA

ML;&P_
,X.#LXJXZP4=M7G!@VH:O(_ -&H\[X=XE
M[5^KV1L -)7+L.]F@Z1 &#;=J6P6:?3U(.&S6FC*&T
5K^+#1;-Q#.6XV)?
M*4X8+C$G!4EH\ALHCX%Y,06;
MW 9%VI1W*V@#(5.*<D@%0@$#%X81A&.Q/-@Z)HUBA+O1!R XB0$!X0LV=HX








M@EAS=?+[]%P?GMN(=4?G3UCA)%2




4NU)5IMC

M

 )





M

M3W$-#9*$   #_EJBPC
0L.=W

M$ AMMTLLI(
F(J6'8A07.E39#EAA]Q9+H@%  &EQENNMB9*]'!^'B43-;/
M=5*+(%#IK&IJK;%2
+NN(K/3(44T)F:TD-TZ
&0$E:KM]CJD=SHXN5:MY2H]
M( /JUE]&^UJI\ML#P?Y:JZU7_4=P+HOX[\E


M(LLU)I6(=  !J$    #1H
XG3&@2  490V8G!*8\-J:'L)##!X0*@1
M?//RT/-,   !_AD@0 <(*HZJ,)00?J]B].(UR)*EVIS1&^H]D  4P2VD4FP
M .&$I[^S@4Y#L12(,+ #A[812;C$4J%-@   #Y'2RW ++DIFOG;<!3$8Y$G
ML+&.


HUM'2R?'2B;!\AMUP:#M\5M@D*F+)

'S%2G888#:
M8# #:2# 3 ;4=[WT 

MY\KMAI42BV0_C@(_7(:I7+0 1;)#)! 08834
03^<O!J&%1)F
MP/5

YWU/Q#A P 3;.U*-7:9C4JE[
M%B<X -DOM32G@ T 1+VD3B@9G0$ 1B#3 (C!(+ # ';VL/!2(-RK#!2#QF5



MY=$'^3


M 50




.
MV0H[H@=MY\QE -SQPI.M=L   Z
SN)$%1A_2RP@& &VP&VF!/K6UK2=&&\9P

)M($     

M@D B0.=L(S5-YWSX'V4





M]\$L;XO@@C*B 
$RM]IEO( =R

M             $ D@                                1LT=[4=CV?D
M9;?Y:_*8
M                                                        _\0

MP14;8F6NKW 4RY-^Y12T3&8W$8P*SDAV@WMJ@(?4@!JI:P;/D5(
 *2+*U




CL


G19X_\ []:+++@HQEUGBA/C0R-!8UTK
M6[
\BK2@-RZL3)1CC





E%$PP;J@P$)TQ21F O6)S

9)S0 2-62M3%L6TGY$(Z*,#'(2D33XAU'')[
(
!G6




 \_P!/CS

32B4M#9(!MP*O*YP#




M3 @V($#+?





M%?K).^8%A
]J


#@\H




7Y8RBL&3:1SQ($AA 
*VE;!F#WQC'P2!











^KUNN
-.P@L(H5


\



MRQPQXM:0!6ZM(65
/FA1HC'('(#*D
I
_P/G@WL?.3)[ 3,XL_TH-A@8H2(
MEER5*1D$ @:& C'0CH2D56T
B06BKB!L4I

MU*\ XN?YT]8^0_CA7Q N5\ZD[_F_/%349\K.B7*^TX-OIGCXWF_0SKAY;\%?

MB&;&

M$
V  E[UP!$0E.JH2%@17(CD21RU$%Q04*17(\FJSD$@DT28$5V.7D
S
EE
MCFX(A$X9(SE=HH(&_&V9X!
J#0M\L/4N#'#ZV\H3*%41HWFRX3QE*8&!
D.ZD@VF^0S3-87KN(

MT4G4

M^ B8SC9%C=



OGEQM! 1@$


HY!
M:+C25)=8&]/$*XL6P&@GC+E/;WFX)*=5&4
B@LB] Y\XF6C
M0XI@/A%MKJK!G *1883TI(KG4<P?AUANXIBA%RDFF$W*%3%<;I14N
#FFM1



+MCPP/[GQQA

&4FU\7L













X!(+Q$0&
!(U;I)IOWWP =%$ +ULF(;#&/CF[4C.),;+9C:ZB=4
M:HS$:?6SXM=WV\Z$#]C[Y_@S].9)1JF\'G
FL?]O  0#59T[T_S_$X9L!1+
M#BY







1+Z#W'E@

M66 5047-



A 44:P\M[R9[76B92Y(JD

M







4SJSHQ%96G%8^WZ1O\ Q[AGA
=H91-R
M

M[_H*:_/GD'6^S^SS\;/C@20P$+V&


7=]GZJ

Q)
M0*T(8P8!0BMN0M0XL ?!@LIQ!T$H6&J8, *3#9(@A5*SB:*(P(#L;-%J
X
MBP4+K

M) VK  W5==QI@DXR4BW%2:E'='[EL=4CN!D*
QRT\BE$2.80&N\TQ!55SNAU
M@]8)\/OB1C$
'PY]7767SL%S8M$P

M7
K'?EHB!@T*Y3KO WUM1PDAU+

M#5X^R


Q:?]64L3!N+9AR:C
SLXRTC0=PXWO)5JH=



YR(3C)1S%=88FUL8;C$C

T.GN*5(8
E(4;7P

P3L7
M CINWV+75
PDG#BJD)+B@P;0()(5IMQM9Q;

.EJ 9&650C&' Z^@Y-F2K(B; M%8@F.]J-?)/K.+

OS
M6%&[!:@A$U@^*DE D &'@&Q.\RH(!88V/-QRG?@$K! #&(
PJIQOS&I.
(
M)!&-G8A/2A0V&XPM*:.N/ U6J\R3*I!2PGFP-EK&H)9ZN'R8(1#2:=(%E
MA3F 0*E0);!*FZ%/!%\!1F!@-%03D ?'*
^9Q-WU4!V4=$ O
=7($$#U%

M+GZ_FSDH5:9!P +F'6]YX/SSUR753T$K2D





MHP(5B&5]O4F.$S@5BPM$*;H!S-\*DL1NI=326@F5F!I$EW;D33ME@#S-%
M8B:]3K4F-S#G@7+2##T[N4N
_SQ15

M
.PE#$P?)8CW-)P0ABB8;)0[;WO*_(8'RXB9-#2JC30_5.*O84&L:$-8%#




! $%

?A/B^FN9\
MWA,4IORU@@F_' RIRX4CSD!N<B I0)4IP<SF8T.GH1(C.(E3P;SYYX(WP.5
8A@
.VHXPK@-!-8V\LF#)TM*;(I
ZEH9X! Q:
M11;DH&-X%L


MG[8QG.6^4G!PMN1$5@*BE8+P9(83&M4(VS3'IPENDJ6NH0,C#Q'EI*))%!
ML2P!(8E.#& A%*(G)(/&I-DX-C2*6@
B/+YJ

I869N@4DA1%6J
=N@0GC8
MP%0@&L6(*+V  O'#(

 -48  8






\


M+.Q.B\5$7Y;FX^;^WTG#NIHSWK^\P3Q$Y;%#._X8].M_64XI2L1
+;E^[?'C
MQD1 BM?+



M



*%VHYX I*_
7$RT5@(RA_BC8R:3?9X



[
I0)6Q?4+GJT
6R1$HNG9E


J./&+8QP1D;H#.@H2&IAA3%H%3*
M!Y2YB#+@N1#

*T(1#=$0
MG!$ $*QD.P 4I
0XP#8JK#H@&%%0*P.A5G#(*+W-


!L!)1DYEG -*#2(($O1'5X9 * 
M92[94!8+




MPWC5;C\?YCCZ2$V/]Y_*6
QWF8X%0U:X?)


\(&&!

LG[.#(E&\)J


M%[I]
KQH[@:C R9;D/%
#AET0424/1B@-RO



M$UZLYY7 CYP#F!/?KL


MD7S?#G[FW7

=\2 B&21TB

66D8

/X1E+!1M!RF9#MNTA7#7._.,\-*A#Y S;& 9K/?$ KA*EH2ON
M07&LVX.*0'R$=8#$7/8831(I8V;$
1!A
5-J-PX8
 76&[58'%B 8SF;O!!(

M( R./)7_ 



5-X#
MP :8,7C@-2UD:H**
Z





.]0U]@U7-URLSEW=8@?

MNW;Q$(154 !DRE!RYW3O/[TQCM
^CWPLDR:]W_ &A?XYVBB
&(1X$M#(5&





M7J*]$LW#0AC]\A*PD
RZ0
MBU-(W

5+X#*_;![3GF!]Y/NW@

FUAI

M+76W#HU@AE28!K=.'56Y^F\CE9#;@7Y(CC*J!VT1.QHEBF*CGD
W1JYH9RO@



[
M8$I3V20+@H9)6.11]PS ;X.14DN]1?';7SH#BC'3_;E
XJ
 6V#():B@SCN

M]O\ F9Z)W^WQO7O@F#:1\E?^:][APDK^+Y\ZZSQP%PLOSIGY.?9\^O\ UOQP





MX_4 ZZC*AF^VT7*DFN?9PRKA9#5\
% \,A^3=/P&**LQ-!$R/2I.]K^=N)(
M8U4Q:I@3)&FL/U8S6--9J:ULKXT+@?/8$8(A+AK*]SOB)@!V%:E!2@4I.




&B W
4

@'H)PG'5?\ J8&A(\E.!?.-&T 21$45


M56A7079

7 9?$-
MR^;AX BHL%HN+Y_-<5)R_8BXL[\^OW;?0(]F2X<.3S]N$=**9^)XQ^?0P3@
MB'0MI^?MQ'- +-KS_3



LY8TO(XP-;JXD.
M0;F0RAD[IDQ+Y7T0735#44
LAK 9\%1N^38%.RU)@7+)SSUO9/AGLR]^8WB






M


T
^9!P%#&D-3L'SMN\XG+.RJ8RY:
M^K(P]'*ZE;UDC<6=]3WP4HU$2?@MQW]*&&:QOF59^




M48( Y%;]@


:)$4JP

MIKP%7:US!7#:-VT1XK%
J

M*CNP\[^.1K&'?V
GK#P

&

M7Z#JLEU_+?%[F


_;)AXX:.44P_6I5W&'KOBFB=:53.09/SN'/S\_

M-V90





^?/
MSXYC&?D\?YU=2L48L$B

K10+ S7 +AR##




LPRCT0F%GDB*M &^=?EOU*?&3
M@*
+D(0X#0B 
@BJ:0K3N8!*%


(9L**9
M77

M !\^3.YK!@07BFW*4) @4R3B;B#!%HA&6HRII'I18P



MS\_/M^7]*YFERAN25@2F7B
=V[F6P.@0!H0G*((6RX*JBKD#I6%*%&C&%6IH

:/8?V*3+AI]1_D_O_Y+?&D?






^SLD*EER =4SS4_@)A^3



MPY;9G:(
A,B
M&!9$M 6+B&0$82*Q/U_/'\3];_K_PJ/
D*8 MIJ'YCI5(MAV6( @A#+QU



M]?\ 5Y\3]_\ 7 3-MU\3_?([_=SQFC?.?KQE0&G7YL^^.+OC7OQS.O:_GY

9DV:*[08' 4!0\(
5B1E%8_)B@X8=@
 @+0!
(1C7DL

H9)Y8^%Z'.2*0-I;BA @$W741(.\A,Q$\[^)UF/&IRF

G)H[(. 6#@_K7@XJ -+_ 
?F

M=;-?(WID;N (0U-F2HCLE$S;\\'P0


V]

M1;5!O U!(61(7D^:((K@K&2 *#  %(4A8)/CD^XDY

@6!1)G28
0F 0@ICJ.6F 
M2[0H0\%A6$JEE!4P'?157?*L5:D*@PJ[PH#1]%'BV+2+@X@XNH#E+%1A
@



MT(F!N(2PUUP


M!

MME D12(#'!1VU[O1:UWD-8+Q0QS 
#6 NMYS%S&\2K/A65#'O-.QYE.Q0%
M6[32HPP%&N'K
16$8*.X#3-$0HA5]R)
MPW8-1*D) 0!; ES2TT)U@95GQ-S/U*T99$#,13<I(1VRF)P56@8G8M00$('

+(G!
:'5'A[.RPS)'F
MQ[Q]\?W_ (#


M4J'*2Z






MY!4)3 EPAP1( 82!QWP






M@X%;

MF-Y*S;9I0;/(#!@I3L



\7[8ZE
@ @7(

MQRKY_P 0?

S@FZQ1NT$QX8#&!T#C2U9RV)=SQF![P(,HHB,6CS

8V/%C*KRY#.:)P00A:/$H

0
[D+!-SH4\-%8TK1

M 7H$P+AC2;
T=0E

@:A


P$3CR
MOD+Y$*VLYBW5VW[$*RE0X=/!LE#X%G# 

9351*@6Y+93BZFHHP@

MF![
J

1(0]BH.WA R



_7/[\


@-)9O
3 Z
M(''KH@(Y4B[ )]%L]4




Y2:D.%32#)EP%&+




MF_IG@
^QQ]=\I?+6/



Q L.]F G$)6Q;( B[B<8A )=U6=F!HJ X&L
)4)$I*


M&ZKR



 SDW-_P _S\_._P##\_/V_P /VY^__P!9!H(
M(14@5$*CHQB4D?W'NJD%1I0:#D8T8%8+)A.C;AQR*]FT1[(X]0[X@X$9T:8
MKB!LU3*1BJL\A--0P*H+

32K%@4( $$P4!@
MD4!*7 A@!%X9@!5H@F!%


M)H
8 RCK3#0[XHP@:[HTP1D*I0J\=PH @
D$#!0 JK&UG$2@!FA2 HC7M]/*


Z8V3.W%!H5JA
MTU4SZ1\FL]B,2W24 _GCK_X['CYG3%#@.B]$31BP1

ML Y7RC^X8
^?


-O9 MJU28'-AZ%H8 C@13[GPF+OK$D\B
MP@N]^1GTT'!VSK#1^8 F@$:*16TD0!A7-!#5.JKC =2AWMWZ80\Y]PE0@!
N2' !N(TYDWM37T


XUCB
JM


M]7!#JVBT:8DAI7D@E

M@@8&YVO^N# V@-=AQZCZH?V\!(X.[?Z.#8
F\G*D0)

M\8#;X_V\!:'WE_.#Z!R8







M! 6NI;R@(QW;NGO'OJA'

#&D- KKZ



4R()6&T!N!Q7M (



DKVY+S-@G$E80 
4FO

#\-
M&
4!)M2@!
#H?'V$/+8%QP 0.![=?@(AGM\*._X@2/
FM3 $B=#^6PKF@EDN

1)F 
,Q*)@ )'9K*B[XU1:5UE=AM4;56^^*K T1R%(-UL
M3.-!<\!0Z%,D'V9)5I3;XY(QVQ@MK=/
@WV+P0LTLS=-F8M5
S6XZLI$$+-
M






 &MBG3UC%EQ%64
M


CS$R0)+H
MSI&.
5'T1J.Y:A




(;%%L;!,JA!V
P);!3P(F(F



&'!#?DCZO.CJP#3Y0,3%RG'2S+&+<)G 1&#.,DQD! TC22^1

K\


7


M62[P$O6@ E- @HP0 



UR'M

M74WIKY^CXX2GBGC/]IN]_?!?49]C]_OZV9_8E$HJDP67X[SRVQA@%].$TQ\*
M68L.-3I1[V0RJ




M
/ !:H%AW





M@ CW I

8 B(V9T
%N
M4D



M941PV&#-UV.!#7 H%P1 TP4,I# @2QY2\-#C&K-$'0A(\;ZC0**9JK(



M7?'8TWLWK&K
:\9YJ=$?L@+]Z^Y\\H @3/[S5^W1.%5.L^];FO4_J\6!WALC

MB%Q:P(CB\B2* M( OC&0
 J!M_M^??$IG,@(,2 I&Y2@S%!-Y:HB051

D#E%0@%P0X/D6ZD


HP


M?'-QHR8\2L

MG.S['W_45^*?;'$63[#_ 'Q*NLQ['6O]\PML?^


RS$3V\%$3



M%PBP/ 2*TUHI&%\(Y3#0'4P4IBQ@H




LEFQD%0


M(**$#E*H. ITBP$0,0YS*$+D/JD21P&+\M9D8'&0I
M:R
.NK)+0$(UPCM3BW]B@ 9
*%

$]9=W6


FNI?+Q(
HT
MO1O'GZ5^O$*KI=9KM&^.DRDU^\[((%@Q4X((Q4$
$63$4#V X\T5P4&).DD@
M'$T))J80I4@*RP@9UCXZ&;5N&E?.-&

M( E5HBB&7CI[+B2#2 JU0+J8*^*FS@P2A1 Y- $1M9\1M,8=H8R#[@F0-0


 !+8NL

$./#D


MP=\=J1(A E(.
C* C0Q@D0@. DZ-287%8:H$YJ R
^C:2H( 6P\6

E8
8

MI&6FB)*W DY(05DD(*Y U08.VY
\5/B99%N

K8)(7-$A0R[I!@U]A4W#6$MENA+

MA=2]P*'U&;M2V; H&2;
6ACWQ*6WDA!6!0#*.:W@7E$
F@#$[P))QY)&64

8JJA,J1!05YR9(8T

 GM2U#(PEY9 =5ABV]$0Q 1%.2W#EC@*1$))Z.R
MZ-9G-UP8/8MNGLN%S7B7.?+#[=N



M)?X0A1%S4 -%3!./T&8#;U$1-(Z13AW@70%[[0!K#CGG=?N#RPA( M5':\R0
MJ

7&

ATN010:49-
B
)%


..


MZ





M$;1N\QW


M?:Y

\!?PVO 8## 0PB'''
(H0TF%R#!X''
M0E13+NIHH@=]N04O

0Z[-\
M@ ]KX?I
LPYO

ID5(CPW.RT
M$M+5

5
M

V+#Q 3F/^P_1Y9@8&/+-D
MIW@.++0!8$I D^/I

Z:6.P3B4Q'=C .O

U

X

CJH J@%.5LLU9Z=V%20*W@_S@H&*E8!##M*=SUF%V J;#)Y4^





M-!E0

MP6]&%%.1^2&IE*Z







MP#BM5G


M^L]M\C]_KKG8FA


.K(:UD%I&.#&..'@MHK@Q &S&B$A17KD



MR\++B\]QZ1[
!?/$@H7)<R@&'
M- ;9#+QPT9R5:4ZO /K@A!$V*9R!K[@&QBO=C**%8)WKRVVJY
 :P?;K
M-QDPL5B=0B&NUE5B!5R-\I%E348&1IU;V\.*5\E#5V2[E[U%=+PB!!7R$CR

M/


2BG/!!532!OJR1 !:?HR30RJU5ER3'(%@






MA^F3WN%O
0P#QQ0;AO$*UDF2 #XMY1)_%0_80XL&^D7X7Y$.P'-R?!*MGD

XIN5O-:_7_ !; @YBR$4H*1HB,YA&4\M5
M&#)P4:$6;,A#E
^$0
(#71-S'4)5A:#@1L!E\31SI   0SEG'*9(DS:  6
M[\L1C$^!6X%Q)*1#26


1:A(:$\$WE@!3+(B
58JJ#B8RRU'A@\1JU  DPS.]I0R );*-#F(H8[
MN

M%L3D5
*]38

(H20R69W$IR=HQFQ7A(AS*A4(#$L9)Y!

M2: 

5@)
L7)$S=UR]0J-.*C9OU2$+HZ4N%RMP&/-
M3X-8^K!SWX.'I@% 6[8A*@YQIMO@CI2NSZ($(MY%0')2
=*4'L
0#5ZI]E/S
MOS^N*K&/KGTR^G
S)?(.=)80)#4HLR0!KL4+A_2$@ONJF%JV.8JMY9\& A$(

MT';2Z+1UINHGH$THUHF0Y.U=[&/4X&28N,%(ZJH=$X[7FJVFE3/R?X?^_G








+:'@Z
H.$I]G$ $@!3SJIJ%U3/

M\4J

'5

5H
M44UY[D@$F/7U%;(@*X*:R88.EJEFE?9.$V_$<7/K_&$EF%!*$\8,!A6#![0,
M5_ &;0PN+@#LI 0(TN0E$H2.DV

T!)1@)_*@8X9()T-RP

0-$




M



7
MX!C#&Z]11+3@&6K@Y#.AL1A43*$ 6R [P&T5.+EPGP&50

'
LU2$M_P NWX/[_P!\=&,J
MP.=HV+TUD!@&#4!5D$N!51
6A@!-
30J0-+F'BJR:-J3HG&YR6N@9
0 :01
MY

M&@G%GG.$8B0L

A:E
JBZED.0VS5--
M%8)B1+YG1CCHHD&) UN%
8%E25&4P1(!#8*W=N   5M*)AF&RS%UP&0A

1.0.9L&Q9!V/65*\$HSA!M

M$4LP84

187AHX)@J&)B
7A''.[Z@D4%4Z%!\R:]3N4%(5

2(3H$*CPJEZRQ)P$*
MD@XF
OO^@UJ7(\-OB6/+




'O@I&
)

MH(/&&X*'ISFHBHYP;00W HRFOY@3S(T_G5K.H139R@*CSI)6S(8E4^!VBX_9

O!:/A




MJU *6

MF!5CF2NM11;CK43B$[T./DR%CEQ;Y1UQPN O@E(X99=R96,I)A1,R)8HH$






M*%!#


MM.FD AQL





8Y)$X.7Y3\!?:B1*$\SV6NK@J&L54)8% PAB4'Z%09



MQ=)-?L?DC%0:B4&J-A)H^&^K&@2B6TL;@.&D%UL[I[Y1Y.@I;B/L2;3Y/N5&
M6F




M0+$T)
A QI4M,@9M,P8J**U'1C2U V.C# $.2C5I:5@94*R\P7_ =GU/VO



O7Z?GV^?S]N?GX_3_  [_ ._WC[ZX


S*%Y4.$3







  &2N%/2Q)C)DWL*


M'B4D;'$BTPC

05&Y!CPS4*=Z =2L

E

8%IVRMJ[<0VER:
\#FZ$*




MXA$(HN$H6-&390- 86EJ(IKK5+@@AL3A-#V[+&L-?#7_Y_GX:Y^?A^?OSK

MI^?GCZS_ !63FI#$1I)L ,QY6JCZ[P'458WX((  (:!4N3NE6JN?GYG\_;
MD9HPL;51(M6N8I(JB[BZS)@2S*C,VNC@A*)(FB$RM,&617B9(_%[C$9$10


VW
L[ZY]^
:









&]


M@B0











MC-&^1)/5$'&[P

M4JQTKI_O&^&Z@C14&(C9NHS6S/ S W!





%LQTN
$$5;M%V'RXIPPD0LEB+100-G
M P%=:OL8J@JOH?\ &?'W]S\G7

M)OU\YWZQ@[]\_/S[_P#S-G/[_0;)49AP+0)84@I.5^DM4)QECN0
Q#0.-2G[
Q
M*LT=(%7PA7F%$$V2! W0/'*H:P+.]4!1QE9FIDTLGF*B:88)6593AYHA@E;

G?\WF&4?J%SB5R7&_?


J_Q)&%Q4
ZQ5

4+
N@PX


MP/@J6=JXT1P:F4F;0X9K*?X%N[S4!I-M%RP.VS8FU[*DR0?SZPC  TJX

YDK@\BX[!2[
M7
FC9RV6Z;HIDN]:W:5!6HM&3HL4[!CEQ5=48U[




MOQ)N9KT]*PLB4WCB)F4%#E455;5W^_._S_L_3VQ\[WXW^WUXI?JPWMH31M


+^_Z_G\_GT?I^KVAYPQ':PF6P!SY 5)-6 #9
MY0'$=(




3  T(




M;[^HK:Z \+



DF0
UZ6$

7I)R+S:]C


_VYEUU






(%H-4NF%KR][/ 4)ZFI(AO
#D@%*XP@
MD%4(@U&!7C$1-F0  
QPI


1J:)PF* .U=6

6/\E
R7M=R

NF8.9U-X1ND6
MP0!*2D% +CA9;14H$$4I$)$0!L8PDHKU]B=7AJ O5-C4(@ 8'-ICXKE^;
M8PKQX0@XP# ZU:%,G(+,*H?A @2SWR4G0H
I(VAFXMRL)!


M\$N
0A
N5ASMI/

&'H.6Y9VSL8KG(MT4M91H


PCQ\8?P?
DQV4Y<@UCP8'P.9+FE)<7
4+Z7
V'L[^
M9\6;=1


E%NXPK






 F5%4R[*X+F




DP'=O%S F2^%A6
XF@J1:
HP#




(!\@M9%%@!5? L0N&@1=
MWZ-;.4)02\J0[% T*_ \ 'J+%9:J DEBTPL

MOAW1!'*F@[
N?/;EX;M27LQ/'1I&?&:


MY[AB

E\;R37W;3E:



96D1&BXP1X61Z
MR%5LJ4U@



MA@K/FU@;45D3390$P;QT_P 8]S=[U[Y711M'!S-HC*@)#P'D 5* B*&Y$M7@

BDSF9)+XX@ :YD7@8M1




M;'SK&-B)AGJ!
]C5_G9P#84H@7#]AGI[F.4)2X\F'S3'K9]7E0N&




M8=XIKIZSOB#W++C)V.O8(.%Y84(9SM[T7!?=_?QJ-XPGHN#

MCA L*5P0(@ AD!
!0] .YHE+AJ#\E(Q V7
& *NE5R6)PM4+(0;IVM1%8IE5

D4W#R3QEB(7R
B'
M@HY8 4BK 5:\(
T








:Q*$ T5*U1$'A$


M)$2N-01$_2%^OS^?Q'WS\_


=
T -4@
RF0%$D0T29W91U?+(M4#





CVDXHU;

SZ4?F;P._%A/KL6S#G.*8X
MBF:PE\;!3R'C&#@%RCY_I_)3OBUPKIO&5

W=
M.I/ *3YJPG 6YH&


/8H;RK.\
MQSWRV$.*RF=N7

UV*-!43$P9
M()DV+'$P 



**HBDLM0:9IRS@N
8%6 P$%D$U
M

9$P3@
T(@.(H 1 Q!6ADSK'Q=-.$(


Y@&W!A'R^@HG8Z









M2N(DHB\N$N2I7 3!)
JYMP=-XZ\\HLK@)WMF7?=?T2G[=]_&99?7%SLPS=R)




M4JE25 ()MIS#R-)

M

$&/&7A=0#*)(


M(P@(2AN2HMXUMA!C7V9.EQR%0O #:R8(J0!F*Q12LE.F%W@9M&8Z4.$/=R




M




8=!PSW:R8=L\+@TL^D0H+-Z\999NX
^3QP&AV9#
MS.LT


M3):A Z- OBL2BIH B[72AA5]R3C54;
;D)ZR TD8Y
7A7/5U%2(95:!5]P



X\K^SG%0]N.AKAW-F D


5)3[!HF8H$7B# EPQ S@%@K[Y8
M.$S3BI.!AC#&)R O*C-L*CEL; ?N8B39N5

M5! $ 0:.

 U10& 8C84ID48(Q8.A EWG#DX!1J9D
M*H#;&B0K0T(8+M-P=)DA V&G*K=F1%!(* ;Z9+K4%&!CBFEWI;@F%G*JH


QAOL4%=I1


MJ%98
$VPH!9GBZ
P:F)4(L&:5
5S6J424)+![HSM3;I!H$4)2C;%6C!
9P\J

AJ0*(T V
M6@
DJ6


M+@N93L4C=40
 Y1


JJ*

&#Q_KQ\?J%B UL] 7O(VB\!Q=#S!


D2I NF%=P&1XG9=RN#%-5F%E0))C!@M8 .C

M
[7)RQ$8+LC2Y+$[7QAP@Y3 9A!ROA
$B+$)=P2Q&LX28?T#LD5WJ_-WKZ

-W/ZGQZXIHPVK*B%LT !@@\@1&1SJ#)5


SU$3(&@ 8PQ,FFI,2O;J E1@S@ZP)$ N*X?H9


MVDT$0



M)A+A2%;-;!U:4RQ J/#H-D=5FB18H87*.%#DRG@5%.)&[F7!I/*%I'2 W+D9

3%8
MS



B!T5J

2F74+'!3!B LSTFF 4&S1



M$7B0AU(S.I%5O94PB 





 90&U&I@A
MD1IO

MS=







6-K-IJWL([E[RF#

MQ4*.;C#R]$Q&-]1VW@IS#A]G@[UZ&_DNN!0P98=7!!BMQ#,PCR;T:%H(

M^/[G






MIV6BR06^.^^=5%KPS%K]3UMW@4B0%Q86CVF7XV?)Q$:3075U=+DZ_8EX;A.X
MFE1/LWM@?!4$52&HQB\9*;MQ
(' 

M0H

L:AK%!98Z8D1C%D% -428I.
M7D/1




/L/=N7WZYNF5
2IV6G@7)W.



(#Y3 HJ)<R]^T\O*AP<!2PTKT:+OQR0 H1!!55D'S$+7RNEC4DZ*44I



2

RTF@+&
MW!IYL[UN\E+@%M;8MNY#X++ZKMPFBJVW:&)*FG7_P#??IV_1/ZYJ9'!]U6O


MNK\ )K*QUG#PM2P
8!0T:*F&&WFF\6HLZ#325/$V\L



&P4&H6DD!

WOKK%X+

5E-77



MR 1/4HJF0JYT';

\]EB8UW]!_7Q]MBF0U-+KS-:1DSSR78





.7Q\?




M)B('6.BPNGJU&

MHBT*9VR'V(+ J)(@GAP#0;A%I.J(IN

MC?8.1K
#DG92]1L2H3/*.Z(3RVA[9&Q;V#%J0SE\$'N+HR.TT^!*:X:

M1[2EK

!1PQI*(P*L!*!U@4


+1^4 J*/0\U,2O1P7$58 %*ZW-AIG;JKP0(O0*@






MX$V51:9@#9YXD9!Q!2A&EK09UC=[1X @&4.AV!X2Z\T1.MI6T,8QLZ#-
^KP[%,,!:_]3D:QC8,,$W5%%Z:QPR4A@G8$N$6/ $!<T&*C0;@!U4BT


MK
/.0+WP#K7
:O/=H

RPHR$.0
MP '$-8 33$COL@HT K&C#C:&.Z%)1:: !6T#P# O83Z 8 $%3%& *N#M74&

MM.IBQGT3NKVJZZ*1SA?3*@/6+NF*Z;6
Y:^W
 :Z#JY8SU[3Y3VL
V%F0BV9
MWF@4]/M0 5

M
#R*4O*4DYH%.M@K)F&RJ46%Q1?4S8Z2K^KF.%-XG#\P8T

TFYWR?!O1








MQX(0J)141



M8G44




M:3$[Q#7JHD'1&&O 7I0)J3 BPA&#ANI6FI:(4-.QA4X$&^8L%FIAK%!552
M O#-:3APV*6@N&#Z-0+X +WP$!!-FFA/4B*K+2A=:R4E2 E4E3J H(2 (IS
M(@#0R1%6I6@0KV!W%0BP'T%G8GD 41*.E!:&L:@\*N!42





F%.4P0YJFYSL-89%-:L%)!






M=

2I*Y) .

M1I?CR6_1S?/LXHR4 OF6CCO&DBEAZ+L/TK_U?'T?'
:$1M'M'O(&+IWJG&5$
MF[L67?-S


MFFI20@!
(N&G         & !@!]C \?Y^_\ '^O\3_7_  Z_W\_/U_Z]4M&Z
M_6JW:TJ8

&GIH-XH2@2P8@6@XTOW\\.U(=+CFE<PY\[.P2 HR[5?W


MQZ#1XB4C




JVWR
HBP7VNS&0/V



1J2H(JM%&(U252!4H 51I171&-3C!:R


MJ_?B2R2HH%=3!*0




H&L=P9:


7/5+(+[*[H





W#4:]FT[/'E<$ SX8Q7=N8F5XS);X'RK&OKWANY)QQ859U; [
M7PRN?5%UHM%- 41X/; $0=IF'H
  @$ Y^?GY^_^%2

KJ4@CV4%Q5[%PM%O3P%:I1'H%&C@A?M/\YD1#
M=!(.XD(^AP!

?J4'S[63(073O? ;-&!?D$[ 'TJ-

805FT&%SBJ BOV@ =0AX$0XWNG2PT6\+U)RX'8S588D
M5 8.%/ Z 9(+2D A6=C,KXO1#+AF(.PIX






P7_ #WW^O\ O^:;
M\/\ COJL)UVL*_E7SR;28(:*CU)6B=!&-851FB 4QC
L/$24(ND%/ %)VNE

MH:(
P)%L (K1VP4*(5Z(3)CI]'L^-X9(NL8H.F-Y()(E'T]$5[5=SKJL%3






M(.H'P=W#A-9KK4[






46+((K7@'7P2!$]



H
M




$$PW]S\]9P FJ6U$0@*GTB
QY=_2128B*WHK\%1G1]L ]!<\5!+D%&0NAH$3%W0AA6K416B

M/(U@'HX)0-O!\I; ZJ]'CO@!82

M.^T_3YSAE71JZ9/H^/

MN8P\[R;&MJ@&RE3

+



M^0V
AUIK@W;8$\=0[^/)H.6%.N27/I7 J&J%$#_-%#O^_' +/TOGZ?\ QC]0





0.BG?8#E
_'\^_[XFJJWB EPZ#[&@<0#A7HV</(*:]TO)Q




C$ZLFV@S'?6/EIJHT'@S



MKP
KU+Q9W

MT8@0O#HA:!UBC2,.E^MG%$0B%*X4[/!I#]C@E&A[XE0? QXZZ_RE:44H?(






M(-4:1H.F.


MU(4HLYV@A@A26J*-(F#V3@O+U4JB0KZ'T\[?;(=6X00!=$)TIHEHZB4!!E
M&X!0K!(!5AO6! Q@
H#U?.



 $4#&$




MID?8H:UKPGI@L58M!+

O+1('3)Q(ZX'




M#27Q(WCC]?($M*J*)

-WHG:


IR @4AT(#N
MK



T#*%-PY'&-

MRSM
$!





A_O@AP]JR

$HV51JBC! 04




N
P1TBTB)G'+ C#N@BH45SZC76
M-@HH@8CLU$MR\1+I(5H3R+G;I[\'$.8RU03YFD+ ;.A%*@06(+'$JFB8VF(B
M66$PA@I]91*8@HB&(U

M

HT$!JG(H4SIJ7

M-Q0BHO$4F8T;,T$$J23J(/!N@&AAP 

]'D



1)$X#0A)!;T@N
0

MDEN0&BU4@^%M



M)[_?7//+JAFWD%#KNZV]A[WBSX\05P H[-+\[QH:B
SHB^&L]B\3B$*2%50.
J5F!! F+ K#1&O&'!+.[
M:R@*]+17.*N@N^81OM/.*/&T35D7$*GMBK1$:_7\4U3(DCMU2SL6M*P%JHMI


7&PQ25_+ NBLH9
MNH#LIB0H$W;AIUJ601/))24H:@%E []KGE*^ AE$I@0!M%!BF''\Y;;:BI


R/


_U^W[G!$HT_P [@D(3M1P:Q$HOF)! R@A
M E=:8


+8PQ!T



MV!TJ%TOL5-!LO(@$*


=!\Q\/D^O*M2.2P&C.F2C7;
MAG'0

(BHJ@
\[CUYS.






*HJJ[6$M**($C!X)

Q^M5/OV=OGSRO

MZ6



MWU[^.1OLY]/MZ_KGMZO_/7Q_P!](?M[@G\?L;^TSV[G@7QG\WQX$I!!*$]
MW^_T\=?X-)/M(@N/9XRS/?-Q*YH


O7!05<?/Y^_WYI@_/VOCO\ )\RP L_U)P :^?/




+G(O:I8 F0,\*!\0\31!6E4,(49H] S7*JS4M&

M*PV+%KAVVF4%%


ONX'0%S$=5$*=:5 )(=

M

D$HIH7O3F1%1OHA#  HJZA'E HVA?0XB=VG?.:2H;
MT7641 Z$!%Y=^&PH@


 %&@D/*1@ND =T$J00$A2QO%&C6T0B8

0R:





.K\KGGOA^?[^
MW/7?YZ_S^?F?X9^)T7<=4N?,GSP0BA9-%*Y9^W@= *.:JVP%!2T'HM4.E%K
M7A1P'R'TX-ABC7L1'?2621J9.+JY#P%
WV^;_!PC=F :



M 0RT@/&E@UXB8#L
09.R/GE4Q-+8E[
&LN#YX_/C?T_X=\@:Z^3XO[7Z_K%6

B:_IWUV 0H]H!6INI$H@J/J@










MVWQW)YSD
^ ] ?H?Y5)VR :Z$J04R6+($ IJ2H% RA @WMC*?8).#
MF$TX@1*L.[8A0 AIG F4IV)J&T]@ HZ1Y0O0KX
@EB^HQV-RX9KS92$*E.Z

MH5(Q##@JA2PB2




_GW.*A
MA?S]^7=

;[M_;_P!^O P!//YW[X8!

 AY&0RS


MZ9M8




M?:?'@[OT_P!14&T=I &Q=3$E'NZ%C'T* *T4[/-.\5$ =@A@3!14KH!ZFJ

4.-QJC*

]_]







%5GAT5^ODW.^D@[TCN%?%[A#.I$ *:FO0NKFOGK7H






;QK

]#6@]$H]!@(I2JI(HC
M 2Z.%=5V ;3:G4-P1 KYM#X#MU!2D=! 9+&+B$IJ45';5/!T2


M4=W.0M6Z?&=?:=^;_@'D(=4!Y;R
4YB1 4[0GU6 1]W* I3 H0O%$WX Q3
MJP*Z%35!4M T! 'AP$R(4PN!#P6!$YUM): N1RDN]5M\(5')(4R* B@'%@Y0





\^_7!V4.

Q&]Z2W]^;':R^GY/GQSK\_/A/[Y


U2(HI,O;
MB.]_'??5X.!4 Z C^[]^?GZ_\#3+]K_'%L2+Y^OU_/CCZ-_3SU_%_4XXJ$D\
M?T_]'K@X7?YF^_/OZ\@B/Y[^?^N:PS?X_GWR)9-_?Q=XG82?;_OB
!P/Q_3


)!.QL]I

MT@8%*5


U0$T?BQGTD:9[H,(K\T7X&4(4^2V<#2@K=6'XK\X &HLG*. 50[B
M[9WH<5HJ[MF'4T5C18*TX$=L?#Y* # XU#8IHT:MHIK(5)+T2PGGL6&6P
7
MSRQ.VF9*QWY.W=_7B%KXU[O%=M3DM'RX1EA2A(&Q3H(4PS#;JZ5Y27?2= 
Z



PGI;Q(8(5-%%\6L531*$$0\#A$ZB)A5@
M@A!A.3(]B 1&B4 74[ [^PE09!UX?8$#


]+3O' C/*#G%IH$?2BH




JP*@O' W$L;$&6$
6



MC@PB)T8::+0HTDR


W ']B/)&I;3DBE%46JQ=HLC&

M09I9OV.-&Y'YHCLHF7QOI(JAHL



?684!T@4C0M
M:U(/!

WST_MQ1^(OW/7





-ISHB(*2TJ$Z#<;!
P*8#0B(6@E+@-DW69=/8XPH%I$K+ -<.BP#*\)5;+0I*?)J+D


M_KS\_/SO_'YZZZ_;^^-'S?[\_OYX%


M;]DNWV5!']O \L

]\ S1.^%3?J0SB0HQ$'UJ\\ 5'V/D^CB?;YY^

M;B*6

Z %^6O*0Z@\%NFW'7Z^#9QF(H8
MJNU4*B@$2'4YYEZ)V)$S


M5K!0 Q:!)/9+=!*

YTH^1*ENB&G7H



(O%*
M*?0)  ZM:2K891X0 *+/4:X*L8*

M# ^@I(E(Q\!@!F=%NHJ1Q:8

M8* 
%4 U
WMI@?CP\ BV-A5'FXA



A00[T JC!TZ@D
MZ)Q10%I.Q(O;)2.@QK@UD


MCB(2+*RP_4+SP/X0_;A #V+]=_G@'7Z3AHAY9]-YNR4D9HG?Q+PB#Z.V/A^C

1'





?'U^_#\_\ 'OZ<\?3K^_Y_Z\GI?(Q]&I_/.WZ?PX?&[G]=-_U





MHE$4(^Q9]WL-30B*.IY#S[//LYU7K/G#)T]]6/QS8:0')CV
=B$R/:30-I P

E[^!QND'E1\/A QU3M/*M1UM
M)-L$\0^8IVVJ#R$-:G:DA2E3Y+JK+_P%[)3T)WIYD^4^XH!$ C[U!EQFB5





_3@#

P:3BA-0
M#H'4\\@A=;*-P!/(+15XH;BP#P4+AHT$JNNNTA8!,%75!\(86F
!L$*0!








\
M?#X^AYZXM
BM'-#*%D=)D#MBW6T@-0C$LN N#5RT0=(0
1+%XRI$! (?1M=4RX

6-V5$4PD H!1!*87HA4 T-2
M .,DC!X@*&&02%HQ\-..Q =8856%31H@J\&8'A5
E12 +C6:W&;*Y!#0$%P
M$90Y

2_//K^?SS5^S'[SO[W@/M]5_WP 0 #P9_\NL
RR4CO
7SQB[2 $=
+ ZAC
M!QYBR!2%KR U2A0(\CP 





MI$!64BAAC@M$HWLN+2Z)


 C1B)HG8CY'_.$:7+CMQ!Y;G)2SCEG9ZF KX'FG
C9IXN?QQ#7




/7^2640 QP%\(P=GIZYC6.@0/'9%[QIZZX028#/ UVAZM%


MB4FI=
0$50&*H92(.QI39
4!D+



2EO=-8+=JAAP0!:\HO;%KS-^3_&D
ME SV9*#*594%!+P'%1O:BL6JX)*+5B\=YO3L!!4







M_3_T_/H^O\979/

E#N$L[;UQAX P(I%7
M$@_+THJN$0


M..C

M4Y[60#V&4Z?M6KP3(PLI:1PXPGD1*[I1K'9GYW@*0 2]49=Z;4]:J5T23B3
M@ G!B*"*-C/#$8],1]([QRK&+1O.FJP+P,N@AV4&FH$WL.,R(78A(%C'F(

M!



MRIA;VL
:*&\W*4HR&E3,^%1X!@$.S(X+7-0J2X&P&#8Q,JJ91JO *M=$E
M+P1J+LAUPD4CIZ/(1)]K#I2ZE9$2$\*CF6EXDPH*$27%0#0%.@!80Z(Q-


MA\I[?6


XI%L  :%A;6QH84@27


TZ90
MJ Q0*]%[$$



#3P'LW*'3:

MR3T %GP- 5&8BRC5+06@=0A#JXE4

5E'[WYC_)



MPH[1%&HUL%!@E
CB,G)*@(H1.8.8I0U.
M8=(091G$J3!&74)OAAOHK\K$*E8O\ P@-:V$%PD0126B.$,F@+;* @5:-


M(


VY$ A(3FC_
M $^(H%PS:0K(#R:?[JPD:+PP2@.VG^; U:BMU$B*4TCD+@L*IP1GGPMV0

M$F!#Q




N
^R&X-V^(QP.J2&T@+V#?Z5;ZW&+C
M\YOH4?7[XI)!0ORCW.J\6U4Q1&IYI?RM^SE=F[_ )U\'B/EO,Q8P28\0A)
MA_Q800:;3W8T64%I+P5A X1 5%#NRX%C9@@&-H

M5TAYN+&.9&!$M;0S#VFC.F8

.N(7HUT$)*0
M3)\17SP$&P2


M@-$;R#;TL8*F:7&V AO(0\+!$LB4+_@II5$G:G;Q-[[SDA]&@!N5])
$?D
MY$40\KK:LAM%.K\9RZI@257LC?5\[ZXU$N
0 ##H +UIREJMUJM^O^^^1[GK



MR;UR-3U;I


TJ:12*2!W'P.0N10&IBFJ+)1J[C 04?5CL






 !:NY5KKIZC0@B::-
MU(R12; BUXWDR!4WLI[NAP0R8Z1
7R62A#G5Z\?FKW5M8-QX*+T'38ALCA4)

K/^*
JG*@E6 258& CE46FH
M!#J1K8R-0*
B%E: V7\=KT5R 3B D,%,9IZUGA!T$@S17PU?P(2(M
K&B$0(*R0@ 018:L4@K+<Q<0$Z=+S*A.$;H@W0(J'86R7


+R








M/CI5$*H0326.T@[/&%#';'P7C4NIEEQWL+8%%Z.)#!;WJ1' *P,P(&(0KU1
MJ&H#6!KYG@4(!%=P:'3':XJ%+SK^-X(!$1!$T1




/QNV''3SEJBTJ $_:(!4]/7G-7P]R(9;K)'D.4O_(*(=I:$
MT%_SF#045;#2K0!6BM.3PP2GWA7:!\@-X_9'I. !5 7I'A!XYN-YG91K.LZC
MSR'=C0+(U@,TBPD3@(RSL-2( L 0B .- 13KP(- 8!2#V4


M/#2O)H.F





M

!(3X)?!-(\5X*U0R0IJ#PJ0M WY



7KSRBK*B
MNF4!AO2V5\LVL#LT($UOP:;XO$5I:N@(14^*94U*+IJ$B.($ .CT=9.2:=
M/JR.ST(3]3KF^XU@^%P6@:KJV\1$(!44=1=

MS E6@$F-?BL:[!%1=DI?!P@'BM8$.-#Q9#($8J^NT+F_\ @)$A8Z&)VI5A+X

FPT&@*5'




$#3!%+H'8)(-







M41^?(]?P:71:'Q9ZF8JR
SOC+304&M[J!')%9W. @FMVH


M?0YV\J-$(5:H?T
S$IWP$
'.KT8-VMO?


^?IOGG=RR
MZ1K*P1V8$0HX(60^B2@
[D&+F//5AH210V: 9T=UYA@L5)W$^8M38DZ-I )I

%1/ ]


![:8


ME/)/!B!7M($1'0(0)92$((5J\ K .2(
WO%J:A@+GM1LIK
0UQAG
!)F*%U0
MZ* .JE#4 '58?D^P2('JW7!H2 &$PX!-%A$5@6L!/!'!@%0!2X6@&(57.H:
M%LBQH 1%'=

MV%7PJ=*E
84F43J0SJ*L5VX?9+7G@XVNAJ:&$H!

M4#*#$V@@*#QW1?BU&D2U^Z3XEH EN3_  (!#
-14#59 $?\QIPH#-4FI


/I.QM6/
MU[?DZ_'XO/Y^'7L'[O?\+].7P0)GF)^?SPL

M

.




/331GO


DHT#;YO:K BJ% QY.E@KDG7



M%REDA=2*!
'BFZE-JVSG46T3Q%R2D+=E+!9$&.3;;5 UH8HGK/@A8!
83P
6
M3#B$S[O70!QH6 PR]=2\0$U?'



*N:/)C@\0-
IAP!H0.#3@.:ZW%N .]*!3#I08.P# FG
M! 2@)*5J*A0%%:)JJFMBC2E5&O+/@57011VH*[91&8E8;V!@XC5B5Z:ET[.
ME&'C@C)*LZ BH30\^2L)L%NV .@U*MG:J*B821D[T^OKT!KOVTX]'U/OIOZ


MP$IT:*\(=[25'B(*A:Y$5VPE 1T[FJW2H M(H+3SUW^'$$[/.8Y]_'*+
MRC W6GHQ3P
JV.1(M0!Q2 RN]\ ('8@8E@HH#!5:4'HB%5V!@8Q6Z* 0(&K1
MU7+10AC3




MR&'7#L/:#]



M 6 M:00(WA/H.H)45



M8%\7:)9%\WPT

JXW;8H:E?
*A$@U$;/YV@B$KCM;.#

I7!EQ'[YN.HJ;5P7,Q9TEP4#"O.O =U@=HFK
M[82S'3D(=B2X/ ?O%DZ*H92


M?

M!



49VX(!X^9P02A8Q0P)4#Z-Q+S9XP24:&D4606=J1(5 1Q:$2
M-17KI\.+TD 0P-

M*1[DA7:&+R@JU6B.XECT*; G)&*=KK)ES/67J2]\22:I4[JNDP SS5QBG:;5
M5$%4^H&ZD%NI%8
$@E@$MIA
?+PH **$*)^#RQFA*6(%H;2#;I3RY(1K?
M/_$TPH1 [*K.P7(55,X8P:#:=&SV!L@/!3
.(C0%





*H)8)&($%@ !DR







7QW!'OQSY!]

@)P



M0 *M-(^I84/ M B@1\*M%[WRMAAG$8&D%&ICT&
==F#9(J;816!'?1H*-'*[
M6@!(



W(Y%



MW0!E@ )G(60 @O(,O3C;, UL J]=D%3X$H-6OD16@^T86FJ@JGL5R]@6%45
M0;H/94FYP=IV0:*[1:[H&NA4$.(M^(/#8%0T=-%S@3$










MC:!!*@S-7Q^]4FB/?R3]O6O7P\(K2)9N@X=I 

M
DL=$Q3FWH$
M;  I:I:-<+ZCLH0IT*1=(IN/! H$?1)[7$=_3F^.?;^-_?^?^

_

$&($7TB&)P0@





MH6BE/ @L51EQ$4!?+QBBW=M/65G$CXK+^8N(K' ZY@G: *.A2D=LKL+)

M2% X.OR8JKH8X!T=#PELUCKP#
P;3P-5807&PA TI'!/C#$(I::)(Q%!$!





AT=5=F@;
M(FQJBNHB1Z\XLC!.3(U?#&]B..EU@\!$6I')W!D)U8RUJYPFT=Q*6J*K7P(_

)%RJ@@+OI&CC39#)@YK(

M8)*Z;$[*8NQ:ST/A\TT;ZXQ'A_;S^I?GE9U




M

M#=P8IJ@::LZ%$@+Q(_2GG\_G^^=CBF@8L


M%^YP/D^_\(@ 4  JA@ 55@:O



M*''^= OV8!(H C'2\% MD@00*B6K0$;1X9



MV$0A1*5E(U1&B$B5017MB5Q#=GD&[4W(6E'L(99HIM#$7XTXB#P5:Q
@HB


,+TM
MH[,@M@!2'-IXNM=AM473R]$1/'0<.QYJ$B16H*%($KI  D(I6VPZET?-G




M4-$VC:@ZUL'0;.(5:T@#.Y **@FT(/$!&34.Z6M#69NJ)+P%%9+IKC0@@*
M3@
&



G]N(BB(C(]W

MG

M8S[


M6


M-^.8AA:H!=N 1\$)0\NJ\3H;Z[8(P16$F?)$(I=!WJ [S0)Y&0DR
(*@J-
M4LK
[B\9(AV+3:&B'4Q5>$\61NRB]@@NL8H

B7L
M -(/8!.B2:T9=XB!'X[P4Q-@!I17U*@.XI2T+IH*Z*6EZ5L*FU(@@6JIP


MJ/376G
&JZ

MS]4;/V8B'_Y6JC=!!!GP(K4Z*.EJDFO3(HQ6!1051NI$5ISH)3H*H NN&](\
M1D540@*(J$BB
X% LJ^1*U 1 'Q &*082$(-*G5VP5=$J,#H*2XN#YCH
M.S4C4[9R285/:$'^/:P'YSWII2'7T]B8(58X18_\;)- 
=3KY;%(0N T!*2B
*9A?08 !)A=+A:R<&N56PF*\AGD$.^
MJ58JHK';9@$




P?V^/R;TOP\!@?7R_5;\_X]_3\_#^+S[^\WZ?3
M?XXN]*%+@*P%9UM\QU+UPC2+HH72 )P1DF#J+=5$ L

8^94J!\C@%=H6FBVJ#Y*!-D=4&7C6E$

T(5QHH*#




M!0SO0E7B6@ZRT^%#ERL/'%4 !'9'%\




MH**
U W

M01@P2C%'@
 44

*H(TJ Z\@]% !5*BHJ
M'P
:H+SCI5%D]H= 13V  'I8[B'B-!$\E!%944V#0@/E.(M%M6(9YAC.:%LI






1P?-\^M[O;SH
M?#C^_


0@@S1Z$(755E5* 0


.



MP;

JF2]##NQIS4/62Q 0HZPJ[QEJ;*=4Z!N)?HJ'Q
MC&J4*TI@L%QJKYA-

Y(*K&
M)34$5M(0&R@KP:10

R& M#726 #!$CX
M


M#.N-B)H16F5LA5/8\*2PM1&B;$1(![X @C39@0HCX:A9[0(H3H528[OD@GW
M3(R%@(Q S'!#V:'D11/






2\:


M
R*PJ6_*([K_ +]1Q82JIE)$(B

M


M -*+W 5580 L8$3VD4G2%OHJ)-Z+@&-@E=)!QKX:ST 0(#H%*M7D[X4&E2O
M6(QB


MCT'7=?CC


URWS@:YU/8[
S


\+\^+M<-]F\
M!)6=3U;YBPP?X(^0*)!I&H$K&$@-8H*@RK-@=R.JUTSF H*@:KX9! :8=VJ




(#0:L(PV0(B[V1!.Q9Z0@' R





4@DJ64P!
  )0@N 
*7P
M% NXZ5%1*C2I8* 

MAV ITA%.=&(@@V
4'HVA



M YJH 95
?:#1!)PH&*C#KF_)FTXD:J!4![ %CF8Y2G66@5&*?#$O.@KH#T!7
MPNB(H5AL-H=A0 A1@TS+4P.#$?S\_CT\*X'-3D\;[ $BCB8YUBX5$C4,B
MXIQM8$L#0P14T%8]FVXPBTK#5\8^&7NEW@!F('4
:!ANSZPGOE-#@804Q+2

M'D46MFL[CE @HF!H_5'K!9,I!WA;.&,4!GEA.FJ0:9 5.4E4* [K&BIE4(
MW0R5=!!:-0(E.0[JJNK[;;[[:78UV#GYCT__ +0M8T*-$XBD/8\7DC[B( %U



#[$+<GBT[==I2M41(D4H*598'E%!4FQ))$(H060G
M()@*L-$J$FC071Q!
JM*0L7)J]+6\^@231& QB*'Y!T5\+



M]@[4$*\$2QP11=;T6AI)69]58I2MHT=HJG0= &^T(A*LC!#/!8KVUC3L!3


?!J4AW0:AD'F6F<GDL<4HPA.Y(2Z=('&!X'K2CR?)%&B22&
MV #M$&1-2H#+HA&
1446]R



#W0(J#%=AA?( L::G,WL8$=@ZE-Q%+;6QFK3@ 92$$ ]#DT7\$
MAHRU0:5PU5HK 3A:9H$H8! D@BC;R*$$OV2FE*0%0=\&4%C84[6.6B,*C#(
MPC'!0K$#5% $:H+C_(D/AFAU;DZ;)UOA#$]L7,9$8,ZC(\LUF#&#T TJA6O



MVTWP]WG@ (=XJ;6.-LKRL@.0-T%\B5U;/'AA:$0Z3B_0S##Q?+2MP4Z
7W5J

4=:X5GGZX7[4J I4K=;G@!
MDGCBG4 B(E1 1QM)JA(#4  1\18
)
0+?;0XD 4!BT) =GP:#KCX'&N=.@@
MX!9 4  $(!X8 $  G1SO_'YCT__ +IVV-W


M-7?'+&OQ)*G;M#U=]0,52=& \KQ+VYO6BH0*=(6C!ICU']DXDA\8Z
#:4%


ME!**D@RBA:8U N0RJ@

(E0X@5? 5 M?):@6E@CQ@*U0G0(INU)&JF(O*E10K;-8@V=
M G8BU1[$J
2@):#IKVYZ+M0:BM:- Z*FM4*!;B  !WY8=G:6E 0JM6*=A


M[05054(C1 N#%A5QPHQ8S^ L%1V7T)TE%56![-!B/8K@T14UW!3QQ B1








M(6JV!0!(%P00P?RMCIT+(/FB=2BRJ'P   _Y*D2%.-XI$F+=PWVNM$\V2!14
M6'BM
I&^B$'I8%(\*+R@MX49@4: 2]

9


M.?O%)I(8JZ MG8=TUY5%1
0$12($@BWM@):0WHK!-@8-QIID*!  B IA5]
MUZ I7P)R2(.JN&BL7L4@6.0B(8H3%H3&B( V0E NJ! :X(@I[J#!@4/ @4
MTXBC?'F

M

MX*



M:T$FVE6



MDM]C(9P
))@QK#


+-(9:T2\+:W6


M8T:!W%:!\#4TRDYJ /:J 2
7KX2G:\.4FTA9&O1T,@XLPP(H!%
(P$03':


$O$DZB+!4A&@%$J
%1)=PT6A!10(!*&1.0$:JYE
M+5%J&MH)2%X=$P
!7M5


M0G$OH@%D:$GX=HWAP@I5#O:QB)%QNL.A)54$:$& L(WIAV1Q)D9!*BTH
5
ME*BM$B6Q2L1([BIK2(C:L14HH2Q:)AS:'Q)$=W/9*&%JAJHHA T44'0!



K
M-#XIYR/QFKJ_2BOX\G!H

M^KB2KJ2KJ: U9M%GGSHK1S*J0\:]=^8-[X$0RU@_3]OGI[G /L^(_;QY[S^.
M?USK@C%9


M/Q Z#GAR@  5$ %6'_G1HT:-$6/'CQ]N'_\ +MFS9LV;2)$B_'_GB/'CQ;MV



00U)(N@0
M=(E&PL!)$ZPO==#?DR(UH9$=EWE5A
*#V( @1

6#8B=5?F


M%ME7$L[B$)P1[&A*I2%)_169ZY/:[@CV1M$8UI'VEH$!6#$&%:@@@&DPS$
MJ&D1=3T0T(#=&;71$G=P.2&&J.(7:F%-DXDNB/@E?%=? !8)#:^E%G4G0H
M#/?PZ045BP




MPL&H($:A7U1.8M(



-[-
5


M/$N]$Y0D.X[ -PHJZ=*8





IY/R93R?DRGD_)E'AO_ (:LNWXW



0M![NW#*9%Z8
M!T4^3N!7-@1=;(@&HTI5%H91I

M).2A.NF[WA8] =XU$B%@N= 8$^!)F00M 
N8C@[3  6'+N=


(;K)H*FAY!Z6O[076M.$QFC'@U.J@(25#
!P/$(&

MZ@67!;41RBG)K8@0,@.25 ($D: 2W(8F FC&S8+!4A3S.2T;B+26@)&@9 [
M*,--2&!J@H+Q4C4&R0VV811FT1041!7$CH*T A$;J(UA4'IZUK%O%7 [F%
MHKM 5UP!M,(@3T$)0$%C30R0EK$*!6!$X7%#8FT$E6[J-I5 7NQ- 02

$%6 E%*FHH$*YF I/)T -Z&BK6&'/



M.P1E:*JPRC=*N;


M

M _ CBL; .D18$!N$+D)3:$Q0$8M$617*JA$8,)_#8KFB3];ASD @Z3'$M0#
M*B2HP-@XT:))0 & 18FW+N7@U67L74).EEFDE2AR +'U &APM9I8'J!3A
M5^6%T
64R21Z)A=_GOLJRYG1FH@V-+\SLQ0-@EBP#5 -@5. ;AY8 DI24!
MD485U!6H

M[4X)@-/+##


M4LX\*

M5!HZ45IH.QT%$BETL&) 13I^\Z0HM 0(R*J3X4$RF$MM=LE]Y)1LE3$F.T=D
M0(
Q
::)N+V3JA8IJ52H*O3$Q@@XN7.5H  -:2
A*(!'50+%64\7%LB0'
M@0T*E

M -!


*F+]4M1X^[PLU
MR:

I20+!UPJ.@: <=AD!3..$T8L(V)('?<^UO#S?:OG%W!OE_;??1S82


MT]%P31$@B=.]35V52.L
6 0
181%M.3J6H#6;R@
BTW$D=H[T
Q+G1$-/8E?


M (I)0DX%3DF\#*1BE



[.
(*%
ENH2%&0&JS2T^R#6&3L KU9%C4L& #A




@+O48MJ(3M





A$8'STA.O0YRHY &('U(X/Z
M/'4-F)IZ8
_VZNE


M$#;*.V;5\B4JZMK6!#$22H$YA#G*$B($$)#F4@754E (I;30+F)JEEK4QM

MP$%+;] 1

 3K2T:
:#T)&Y%(R(41@@(DY0B IBYN:I6C0'1H(8.HCNE
M3=HHCD  6'=3@9@#?-G@%HH&B#N0K@X5

;86H&]$
MHU4L &6JHMG
,WN2BTA.QN)M%8,:Q&)K;L(6+Q;P2^D Z1=(C*-(')W@72
MBB ZIO#;(4B:CE NMH$M$ *,!7=A@15&\D FDWN+ 1DFO=H*@AQ06A A1B
MDY12$J4BAHCX60-!FJ%;3N !@9C(O2JED00-I89O$W  7F#L#GZ!B%B)%5




B' E12K !$J+I7@[:7LL.W/HXO D'/5#889 A@!BIOXG
M3AMR(J!&KN\#A3.DDMWL&7ZQ7 SSQ@D@QT%=
ZBX(F'861:RL:O.BB+ 'BL
MD& 21$(4GE94'T)13+S[' 2-ISA:16L(E0=IE+&2BY9LH!1I0E50IN
[6%'

!RWGI=G\HA4!%VPQ



 -K2%AKPZ0UT6\[P#3*U8;4T
M!CT58[YDV
OJ#Q: R :(/:86%(%6P^M=NG8DGS&N..4;60(:4)I#7^^*38 ^


SG?@
V 7-!8@8!C3D


_UL&1!;DO4




#!$2

Q*P%$M4#A&RT7(:B(^MFL
;B$[0
$$<$U)DP3JD)^1MPX\0
MRT#+4TF8[.E(RJV'.O(5*V5$O*J@*E)A;,I1!:& #(0IV!*H4)2%!P]_ ^)
MW@P%)\
3!&M%

MJ6_0P+96_
 !N8@\5QHNH?R:-Z.LE1HX









D
' %!QVL-<7$:;;'S %2 /G52G230H&)-
M.PBBB)7:XC6@ 0X$.UP;=7#.Z-JC0#H<T50 BRBCL
+L!=%:&A;8(0RB9
=QJ1T0
MLR5N.2QT^=F3P)3:M/FFB:;3'
5GAF-65JFYQJ
:.!U#TVBL:M%FA&N



M$VAXU3#.M%S 7S&ECXF14=2U(/77O@; J%4&^_\ ?PV_5Y!@8$  CK8Q\SI
M(B+4H! 1VMIMBF')(:JH)T :A$X!)0+1XJ,)2L8.,'()^Q,1VD8@T5&K)#U$
M  N.B6:XM .9EO!B@E J. 2V3.?0%YM4HO%@D:-2R QM+)E2


0#W.)KH4758.;LP^NB[-MB^4@V*E







ML#8VZ+)ZZL)4B&#EA-8))-%ALG.\-%AQ9%# WTF$5R2%36P+JH 0V5@3$=

M?--G!((9/GK#S'&X


M!_*ASFDFQ
[/

MK98 (A2$TEJAD0);2E['($T=Y@I,8 4H6(/(4Y 9 K4 IM D(3200(2EBBY
MHNA@J)5\(G(JV95-*@U58A.)KT_1BZX*OB$*TFR0$!K@4:,.RI* XYY@ K
M+QTRX1JN/*JY3&43:NL\HR4!&-$X2G+

M@E2.R5=-OG

MUC.93R 

M2@I8+
4G8C^JG@O@/@A*-@B+J3#I
 0O'U1!V'==RE-D@4B^Q54+6*;4OU V


%=X($)
MTW>I:QZC G0HX+%PC#CWO>*8,B1FLB/DJ9>Z4K
M9BN:
:N
Y4X;E6\#A(U!-37R&2Q\F*E$-U=7W; I3Q75U@$C2H8D%LWSB(A4

MT
L 0O&5\P18(#WD*0!0%@SS&C
TX^P2-O-).P=UEHDCIDL@9.L*+U$*#=







9[BG$VN8(2S48E0Y8NTH&!)GX@(2%_E U%OXI
M().#9!

4V

MQHTCR&P3M0*4$*5,Z\&L@U%*'+



DW(^^_B&K?/
&S6 %6^)&ZQZ:J] W1@![H5T6O!VA)Y;C]W

DDV@
428*UR6DY!UU09NM48 90)34W$DN*A!4BH,!H'

*'R15A$@ LB H$2)VA22)N_P#;W3HXHI1] S@D
M5D'I:7]@3*F0'A32?5#),FN26U[O/_!D%'* HF]R!PBR1A1PA0:PP.16%VRD
MF)&U%&)]6]E-C&CF/+]&T? =A,)RRBEU 'Z!ZQ:[CKK^P8X#HS%9@@@C3 D
MWV!\!4%






TR@$7'U+&S9B@P@IRQ









-%B6B@C6410@&H*W0;- P( I0R2[!YHJ


M1;@;53(M J[3@RQ!8 P HI:L';J4GI%@*E@2\B+CGI)&68P-]F(8@K(=$J(?
MA

TD+:+0U.0%#&8_ O);\23.0 \FO
M @@(.9



29I4C@8D
M#5Q*!8]](

ML43V#L\R5\:VYL2##FFD. <<,HR!S,*U1QQH(R.[R2D0%B2L<71TH@'EI
MPSGK=;R=%:V2ZS:#
NP84
TL8AE:MA@
.V##2@(+6BPY=RRFPJ/HE$WL!&@'
M

MK]1BE-IUD&



MT27
X5L2M$  L5


M7%A)3LB095!L%0:^L76@'28 -@TTW1

#@4! !SY*2D1D
74N.Y%Q
50

0-
MMDS38OF6
5*@V0 LZ#A@G$RLP==G^!2+$AA^
?BO6-./Y,!*T*N$=;(&2QY
M*Q-*O(&I=PV:LPJ$,:$*[+2)*)F$I
M6EI2V8NTN*RL4--G1W&O Z2:398*
M#X%ADAR$WVI-




L2W*2 P05;]2*RX2^@7_ ()_BLD1;3JV@.5-M')M






34_W$.M2S3^]VV$6

M+
( @ 1]X3/8XKHZ77




Y)AYS4^48WLFG'/
WT!!X%HNR3L(B#Q_-CF
ML O
R
&7(L%^ZQKN0Z\P^!$Y*=Q'^D_3+798=[ZZ7L$(GE$.QXPZNXAJJ
M*@8-.TJXH$L=04D0351JLZ20$8TH I) *WQ:;!8D:G40($50(F&F#31 0O0
M@H14?(M
7$ E0(!9.B;(0JJ 
#]03$%0U9&) 4Z



M;
O1K^?/%Y



46K
8L( *0TH15K](1

=\5_^?88X9I76%9V%#:O%.T_MW6$S.=@Q6

M'_9Q_&


MOFG G%VEQF&U5KA1L-R#H_.1R@JU(4(!N82;NT\['LD 
R (T_4N2Y6*$GD+
M)!

[!OG7A9(A


]'*QB24+HQ$



?=MEMC&S\;'_4GPS:W'[F



MF]D\$?Y-!=&1
0NH7]#_  9.Z.Y:X%90K5/B6L3#)+-C6K


0=L:


'
10^Q-XZQA(8BJC,*T
C%0UQ6.5B(DFJ;I-[VJX0H@IV



MXM?D.IF_#&HU ;06X0$@(Y#X2HBA;3$0I$4#9#K 1V\*:9T#)# R( +PKR
M-P]EB\T T+2D %A048AA

M/JO4D21CYAAGB_*$T=G.\&8D&/A$ W'Z5\#0_+BBT#_ WJP'QO



M)Z(B/L(W8(1#B3ND DR:J!-+ E0'^9][JJBIP4#+$^;+M!=(CL%0JBB0H
M)!&UC5JO=!AH@AEN*()L&(4 JE00O#27=!)4@4[4&=UJI,\Y;AF2&M;+'O9


A. D]RSG$J
M]!'O$+/*YL&;NU4P1HI'-P&&61$(! &(,1$B,1O#D;/@J-F1$HQOF0[5@]



X*!5I&(%WX$B
_3?V_BD]^?

8:Y=)N4!'0
MP)2


M)U(=
LD,C8;1 V5NA-*HJD,HP&:;<,]'CN,&
M$E2O)ICF.H(3/X)RDH6BH YW AFE2.;J^I /B%7LGN:6E64S8W/SP/X$$




1-/

\O
DK!;< &C]229 K&0$=IP!12WKFG7<39N*G
M6!%(ABU$)4%A[=8



MG'XH8M.HA(1R42(=A6B*K+A!PV0KD#A58C6.H%D0)S-U%3K)6&R7CVT-R9

;#YQTL*YB

.3GU\^T^W/\ -^G?R/YDOR8Y$VEX'Y!=8!Q)4\XDS(+L:^Q.
MO4

&M
M)@+'VUS]K\
)V(V1U'R!T5RC5:: RP#&
;3 E D JDIB2'A3;10%0 #M;


GE_G!:&B@

M'L
6\3@$XZ3&VS+6YXQG89PQ0GSEK]=0* !54  JJZ -JZ#.P-RJM6 677

'Q-#UO
MV2



0YFK.
8RD&(O
M7.\1%9CC$A$71JJ%PIFJ[D;@;8@0Q!2LXY+2M1O%0= @ @ U$CM4 \ #=W=@
M!!*!?T#:H @!$IW+


M%2SXY&(FE@P9MFT)D8_.BA2B@:0RT71-R8O8T$C2FX;B)HL:G3HMM1)ID7;=
M6&O0FHB(N:#QFIW7I%)P&QV2IA51H5OL8)T[0E0#70 T-!X_P 4O&QTY%$8
M$@4&&&UP:#M1: 9N](
VVF
Q&0')@^;:6N&JNN3APCC-U#X;*X*DX;VE?;
M$\8IFPM[!/:O9.&+=E LW$5#'#X*!'@^OB%(+C-W.U&*1 K@ 07,+IL6*

M0ATEV :D0&PIP4M+9\I(&.SHH[!P$@-17LW1*0$9@1:7PBB8B&DQJ$!PPI


MC

M/M]YU?ZD:-WUG[_/WP_?[_C/?Y\ZP6&3LO

MI079']?S^OC_ $9]UT_M]]0+Z:ZSON/KO[O^OHX_I+Q9XU-)KCA6\/?R1L/Y
MJ#1S*CQ1C6.CCIR
6;)**4 

M7'Z/WUS3M_GK.K ],PH[@[VN_5 B30EBR565XNU:1J7'F3P

!
$M94-


M&JI\H61U:A3=!80,B&ASDO05&K1TH8

MBIL@ALD[XX_X2144)J*7%LU,Y2$KUZQTEX337%;.9


S;KR=RT
M7ZCC3L*OG^]MJ#;


MIY(4$4:2- RD:NDI, YI0=$/6F@66V*!0#8HC0 -!4+%1 4[6BVCX()V


A%Y\&[A+/([TWH]/3?YQD;^$Q\'C$68

MMUC G+

W) DAD)7Q^BM9('X*01YH,47QF*8'MLP60%#S/S7]=9P161E=
M''_UX)E9Q4X



I E
MH(7;2( S%\HT]-AL:*^A*AOCP:@




1!&V%8D!1(]6

+C(#BIL%UN\+S&3

M4:HV*@%:[]( !P$=G@7)%.PQ G-

U_5GZ^.
M.Z?:N?/GS^\W]NS?'KZ5SY\OO]S:9KY\?=_3ZF#D#^6
7^+H(=$N7VVU=;+-



M1@M' 05M[1W'#'1





8U# ((46
=B)UN&WMR@A



@;3](5F9AV&Z8U +SQHELPB@Q- ;03[CK)
:*
W$$


M]*)E0-V(I@ S4PX&2&LITX;K($BC\+D$0-85

KI%BR(


MLD



MH@:*+0HD+AF(#K51*@BP +E+36'08KF=S@:\+_ID0_]:].4PQF+.O$E9V6*
M&)M&?M_O#Z&!2MF/G[_?^.+BB'YU:K


@WW6/L:A-#Z:@FJN0,+0!(O)E0-V?!:1CDTSH4DM8#13859
8J$WT]Q<S

'?6O.EN5*OK%


M!GI2YDHH0T\.07C%!Q%;&0L[+M9U H-P0(W'E#T8%;I-Q)A04'3:GI



M:7Y0S



MMA'O-E


M!55T ;5T&W*S-$

BXIP_
9J;Z<URK1EPUL
30):[C9:*

M*3.L-64.W

\]



M]]'IN$!4/8J]




9\14D



)(3R 54X+HF]I')O

:


L3=6UV1[F)CI3K?J^&M@$VO(R3E#?/3TEU?3NFV\;6I]F'&^

MQ%E^S/\ JF6^(J7=GW25.%2:+8
 UL3
M 9!&2R4ACPX [4OAI1'!H@.@V511
WHBY!0#%
0(Z%PCC!Y



M)P%3$6K#HHB)*0VD





3&;+O& /I\+DV=CG
M

++(;NKTE!)RT

X = W(WRAM#J@ BU CJ@OPV@EHNQU1=-L!#
M0W[#W4Q'02TX8&^#:(L$P?D[02A0@:EP$CG%)] V=J=VVHSM4'6U!1FCF70R

M'LX#YD($$G4%#T9  HXJ/%-1XHY$*Y71N_CR#^7D[)WQ;@)+$?1POO$D=D4S
ML

MV@=PY]N


EK )8O\ _$%TTF11'3*%S&YJ:DA*XRRP[3N4/022*.*%2 VB

MMGP^?GZ

\$0R]^

?4D]MN@6R-4Q
M-8B)U!@700+! E;;'X$XDB[&M\L.%+@#8]!= FS;70O.H!9A3NB50[QH^3




M-


MLP#DB *4;F0+;Z%1/5L7NL%ZD=_H 2






MIP#M@0)'':RDN.ZK9U0D(9K%9@&KOLRQ5$W01VKM/[%W9?)Q=)7R:U8CDAU
MRYF(R


M2


8%7AH%B2



SO+ M(DI#R)+K0&@0#1NS\L

D62B#V
M2EJ6L$R&RH2

Q 1B1H+





3G?=5[
.Q&OO
MRJ
?1H@;X-BP9+8MF_%[O]'P&A*940Y+ S[*A+^V60)2TO((RXU36FFN-65/

B;
M5ACP9

M!4(5#!I&;6%  E25 7S% T &(I
.P )
ZQV; PAI88$/%VT2@VZVU*H+*
M#FKOSVF  #H8@^T%;JHSB!KL0UV3)0U&I1@5X$458PB]Y80J.):B![/ D34




MI+)X4VG3@-'0#_Q+A_?182[;2*=0'JM[?VUASUI\@6UT%06P20/=47#Y+03X
MX^#H-172EB


M
FNHS%T_!I%/9%38@FP^CCE[/MVY2S1@R[3=N.$2-?J%=%0$8W#K:4/@8_S[


LC&58DQ7HB@%TCK_ (

M_2



/
&^DX%DR_DEC\BBK
QR=NX;XR^B
KC%NQ





M

M()'O

[44ME5X<)6^0(HI*!0!B-&=LP-'-)YCB-AP
M


M^9QSKC*]B

P705


M$=L2I'5F1R)$VD:+[&X0$0




\ /0GKU^$H'


MKX0Z+(H@((!V7S-+6PVS!PQ8J' @&?(:O(/T[NG'M6?4.4PN!@(_ZM E1E!
M6O28*0'))0R;RRC\C*)Y"IM%,=\=;C,51W7X;@I=9OA'HF_08+FJK3^12=

5HZ)H2P1?8-V6&8*+3F@BD

 ! 4\Z_JH






L55?8HQG#]X0A6+\



5=
I(
!T

AU80JL%MGE/6+_ !^GU)G90/EJ
MJ7!\9B0&1CI316'0H7%D]X?M*D!AVYGQC[<DYHV 5:


*:Z5Y^DV4 [ADD
MT5


MB*\(O.KN%$R\JA$ +OH;#O


MD(7'&)1W50BP$




M*[F88P4@ V5=48JZ 0HWHJE'0) JX0#[=S:8#IE9*HC1L
$ #R4BC8+B$D

M]5F#&@-X/]YD0@U!RGS/W_/3$U' T3!('R@0&KRI90$N0X
I-
^RU7T15T.V


M  /S[:$ZL*




VPA(19CW

U&0$( *IE&A=\


KD[7D%ESB
UR%IE+
M9P!*OZK^UA@G
#:?\ J3 +OA8^+K:QAALAORF8KHWB4WL Q6AOWM4DP8



P-%^-N*

MUX'9!(2=(&5&+
D&#B 2T)$0B06'K %J%(!4ZQ#K)J2
@7AF+17DD&:9=*
M

M5Q$R
OB?C^M?;'7SY^GT_;S/W_ZYWX]

]]_?\ LQ_S&1.VOC$ 6LRE72BC+(6Q(EKC_OO\_EP+Z&M9
M 



M=7$_1V.];



5

E@%'O&BIQL1@@:D#P!P&( MPK'5M@HD&ZB 2

M]UYT9]^7?GZC/&X W#S:KC91B2@E:0:*W=;D#+XGA7+T!K& +*R73HTG9K

'CL1E&;7A
/?F0$A\89MA%U(7GO(5U8
Q8.%



M8C'='1H)G#K@EDHC2(


6O


M=^F#IB[J JQ2!AG%T4/J+\@&:P3\,I-^)4MN*@3-Q +[L6:SE_!LF81%

Z-4.1A!E6V7B

*1 QW -=5$R)+S9PNLS/HA#J.5!
@DTV85




%'79JJ[?
M8NXSHL
)TH)7(U
.9 61E
<G<E4VXBE


BELLS!-0=^88\4?6(K0XDW

MAH3:%-D25YC4)EY 
0Z&;G&:*(EL(;*3-?K-*X@ 


T!D*--#C;H38V1-:1 O)+






=V@J$_=A5L!4A2EB;GR9_ YRQ

M(?0=-8!2XKF B05!8Q)(4H[6=^]&9+ZE.D;;YMUD/-
K#)GJ3MJF5].
A8(D
M#M!7L2Z)B&'@\@C+9A!\N0:ANH$

@\KJ8
M5JB[8C0!M$=U2S,($2C44(%PII0PYHU)YK,4JH(GT4QPED.NFU#_ .6X


MFP&



2\F

M)PF6#+@O@P N1F=3R[F+9BX(ANT2XC$2\@8(HF)D@[8 !$L7@(6(0;! ;
MHBEJ@# &E:+N@(555\  $1 D(; J:6+6-6A)T3.Y%.BQB2/-_LU
9;SWI66



MS#LKP

(I



M(+%=QR42





;O6CX;!






M0^AA*JRR%5G ;5FL8[8240P\AO2B1-7TC7WY6SQQYDJ5%2$%22F]*5AOB








FXK




ORS1QYE@

M;3H^7A1HEN +@UT*DL7:0F 2 (VYBAT)'$EJ)2%% *^#=^&C]OV_PJ_+*ILI

#J-:76$I3)UNQAPR7(1?2:@. $GIJ@M?3%IW&+*( L!EA..DN-SCP


K





MD(8JA5+TBWBP8I!IZ\@J8''2%]2 

/*J!J6D

MP2$EQ?D@:4$*\_50S7%$
6%2@@



_7*(C7J R0!1YF7+

MTQX F6%[8@MP0N


 YL6
ME[Z=



N+/-OI$@2(A05EA$3AM_&: T1*6;*%W_)/W
MO?\ @!1C3OF@^C% 79QUEH]M5





R)!DKKI2



WU,_3\V/\?WWCB$9:(\!;
M( P* C=Y]- /+0 SUZX_3CCG_N.$MA-B6LH N9 
%:Y7;4-Y3!QHX&(+GJ!




M8_R$!ET?=S=MB[)MK00JA:F*?? Z'OMA)4RE:NHZ*B%%X$SDVN4




M0@M2-B'*] *W(JDQ
K12X!,[2:P1&]@C:@5

MVU+!$




MIHSBM4:3KL/;KU+_ $NSO[RW568HFV(]W&&04J'![Y(
WN\8NMD%_^59FE
MHYNP
/N< @O1+OE2??W:Z\8*HH%-Z(PXG[F^L:9D7 5%6@I0 TDGJ))P 0


G)Z









MA&50
@!)0:E5JPA +,0Q]8$V-())39P0&M+U5RYB
(!BMPT7.1O$B(06))
MB#K57*HTXPY2.7P9I0'@J




M$48CGP:)_D^ZUB)B,J]_P KU@YDHX2.#] ITL(S6Y P*:'U$)H)L02L(W&!
MSM@4VW=
!?4+[D\?



!865&
MD*W@CKUH+B=A=LUH.(ZR1!HL@
]E3S:;/V'31OCQY_P.I-%+4ADS.@R752P]



M;I&A@'B$3\H70.H:7]_G!&GEJQ_D V@.P]JQ(-C',F\RUBHR*H=HBV#BC5



+I0?Y(UIJP@C
M=VL1.FBN:\D@A@3)+5!@R*QP5:74/%A\CAT::-E8@@0F01RWC?./.Q#$U?S
MB8SS0:MAA*8;:.II)
75Z\5^_VUXG\63GT-VOXP$ ?BE[
HU6#G G,_MUC
M.RH06K8)$+Y=0^-N%S%860R#.#$)6;/U+'-/.
4AN-PYSW..-@H-4XS:5
M0S*T48V;:(#BY4%I[2B8DR6A10J)U+(0@Q 




UE!Z.V:DIT
MDP/@MEW&9QN+.N249TWRNI( YGV8;9HLP6;N#&,WED2]NJ2,-(Y!SN8^1G


RH)P
QC\YC2


MH@*.H% QDR:DHU%!8QPDV%@!4


WGZAHB:AB8!!@8
M8TY4B G$*;'8;UP-2@M@;H+*5XNWMQ2;VZ_AZU


MKB_59:?1IV9L





M2@5Z


M*)R90BL!SW!=5]C0#.C$ML7AH9U4!2.)B(RYCEG$\AO*2RMF3&(
!0=U(&
M[,M_G?SK6_UP*4JE!VN@3A?)L=\_2I)$



65=Y




MO.(\J




MH0&2(:31/KQ!7-#RQW1)UG+MJDF9JR*(L#$3-(6E-(R9AJHO&D .1D&0?L

C


M#^Z/1=7N$$KH0SO

4E4
N0.C@$PX4





H;ZI)6N*!
X8
M       G^

M+#JVG@ATHM!I



M*
#@2AL'4*G+40)I0N0AVH,F(5U;@C5*=PT


M_2:T8P0
%11! #7


]Z
M9!;G9ZTZF20ST;%Z:+Q[X ][V]+)YK'V?FJ2RHR:,!B:Q&%):!4+L8B&TM(
MDL-T$VT Z9=L(*44-BAK?*00IR:H#H!:LZ#HQ)LB%Q'0[03!A\7R&A53#G)
M1 1ELT)(B! 6;KS;H^*-G([-N$K838$($!2CD_Q/0@E_986Q..FJ:+TS8R
M.]D-



MK1@&15DBT==5#%1 8K9%H(N^R_XY 0+[ZPJ['?1G=V/0B!B:;F5YS^BJCT[[

M/VZ_;]\:64N/7S\H[3#^CZ^?Q]\^'^?B^GMA3Y]]*]?]YZ/\_+V^WWSU?Y_#




M!08%
Z^3?_/DR@B9P-W0.S92$Q2.+FW$N#8I9(6X
3JX




M87'5




*


=WG2YY





M2[&]$4)$&AID8I^Q%) D7FQ'2B 8;4A@.@ .0%!4T(9?*5  TNEJ PPC O
M25;+!Y(DUH;$#A1Y[F@%1_Y.V!
*BME D(I)M4)#!1UK7X=@4 *Z





\C%VW%!9@'3S*V0;+
MR%RT
$3HLJ5_8.(]H/&@UBMHKB1DWI^$#YN4'58%)*YP4F@7
8X83!F@BC&!




N9?*KM!.%?0@;




Z
7!C;4!
MT&3[.[K$14Z8[$@&F0X)?3$^6,4HH)+"X\A/MN6*0*JB!-%@=+P(.9+0
MFH-2R=0UB/



MD
!Z

MV4&*209UJID56L

.*4'&MB0C(N




-Q\)H(]83 FOAXX



M/(0\_P!5ZD!C)CAA8 W^FM3+-*


0J9+S$W:Q4@84JX9_!






T3L$##*
DFH2MH7CX
MDZL;C1(02@$4B$(-'0*%U4@0IL0I0R'05  
@8#4P)=B$HT^JH52V4#DA5




8+
MO( @38EB*M[I85[:1: @QB)H;4 -8% RY.)/


D


XZT'(:\.6_K-I2MF!1-..










M+V P1

OD1UU^D;57Y\APZ''B

^?;Y^_Y
MSY_?SU_-^_O\]^$Y_



*G
M

YN1
3BE5

ME040L=5$
%E?SO#&


T
@%
M-8YP70;2.@'DJ2+O53-,)G8KZE.#A+U18!:B
B@ @9!FFMBTJD'; 0M@((

R!NN6-^2SJ_HFQ

M]A29'D!H. D@3G9N%-@'XS%.5MJ+#AQF&
$Z5(TBBQK@8;!\HC6 ?A6[1.P%\XA=
M$2Z58< []4D2QEHS
=
$CE.
#D01P)\H1A\V9.S

M60B\!VLA*O2\Y :





M!0!VT0 !6W DB:B#(P!L@@*ED@4QTM42G47
BB C$PC4B1O8(H68]('(=\QZ
M X2ULPC0\-=_@,;4(@#)JU;0F641.JHQ@LXZ9:A'L)#AIRE?SW+P'XF%Q
MIS([1]5SJL!..%U(;D4Y*J&)3 -CKF\O(L'?&6&5F;7%NUR!VSR^9O-=(?Z
MO]K]HY&K!0B=FZMC(RM$NT!810,(!I8+ JJN)#MC


MF[OZ'BEC
*1'EVRJX.M!+RCZ



M@!I+_@D/T!  .#U6+65Z
 VH$ 32/%R.WP#








L:?!(H
M-6T!C57-2!EP=B8^-XF!JX83NM2BXF1NEC/5.P!-2@\(5LK9V?-B684.6J






H+E
M=B%+8MH6;]*F8Y=@#:FG1T!*





M_P!2X1PT*6C+R=D'4)(&AR03WSG'R 0R8Z'0:49WF ]*.:(&5#B8J*M2I T)





O TA+8K01J5 *J@5R%A*5E'=6WE!.(\*
4/HV:X^?;Y\








R02(NT! I03& )=
M&A3$MG5!N;1.#:22U2:MLAH(U*3'[$R8&)'N@



%Q%!*Q7


/JY(X



MH






M




M@Y([7  6Q




M;$:@+JR(X4#R/(


(B


 BYBD\K

M5B12(5 !D&!$X[ 118QU6EJ9(T


-5LB)PUDX%;T


M$SG^OL$PPAL!- 56S!&6B=#@T3'$%020(4CN0WZ!M0-N]S9Z)MKY9(.9&_:
M!%/0X\&44Z?I5W',6)J??WITD88FR]PTF'J@5N2#F,)RE2!2%R#I,\.&I4)
M+ :##74N(QG5) RP E'$X-_2=-Z8%!+Y6FMJ(B* EFE8A?
(9DT]5
!$ECP



PN%95X*.:M!K2 !**2DP0$$MZ
9U/7N

M@@#R)T)H4$:BJN@*N4(HAAL#CL [DP7/()0PTQE*A5@#(!(5I5&W$P!W0-.
MHT Z10?F.!(Z%!!ZP(I(8L(#A:I4AL \%80$=!


%01TS4(09!
M:.0N&!R[*?I?*3


%I!!P^R!7()!:P=B($R@(8WAU*+.Q:DH0WSQ68 1HDDH;EUKT
MB94BQ.DNPZ0C#PSFQ P$

)


M$R*P%F

97'T(PM)NYMU;G60A-0P 0=0E()L
M%0\ XQPT@E

)@U:2)@3#V3(M)@ M(BFZ0;$ )XR T\\BBH
)=K
 :4% L1


MPT3T:V$'*HPEJ
0[4V.H8H@#J*JUMP \((@D(C @L8VU&@( TC2)3=&VT'*H



M$! *&ZK
W4(!&
N75!'?#A_?OCG[@
M82#H/'6Y[_IQ@  _SBAN'P-IW@1&PFP[N]LT%UH'8 *DQW<R)@'+A%:#!BR

C?

M]QI4-%V.



JLCHG#/5

4



E[LU2O*W*(11$




2O?9N;:I?4.[&1QBT 3S\SQB626QN%H*2A/:+C


6G!R6AEJD
TE/#%7!]8FKJP$S
M:0
^7OJ&L-4
MHB)1&Q.Z1

M?GC5\=/VP$O;CD^7C?I[9K;]=?ZU
T#EY_XOWP[M_3.F1X\C])\YSYOZL X)




M?T/WUFWR]MOXPHQU_?KT[W_-\

  K2PY




MEN 
M]#'5(*2EXM2H)B/1A@V4:H2%;;IRTN_(V.I
M

MTE-([ (0!0R0( Z@J*\G5=1D$:H08T2@
M*+P'$YC00@VQN!P&B3 S2]$


M


M!V!UR%0
 $!^R&LF.F6#56RK8C9C10I6R
@ 


Q]WWY(







A3K'B*.;R_8O7C





3KZKN9K%3 HP(!Q4
M5A_1N KZP-1)5V$;@1T(U315PV< XR&7L3QSJ:%[;D4^BJUS2\H1B;Y-




S*0^Y$5%NX(I0I$#
+<
MKYR6XG . &#8M





M?WY\:_=[CG\'Z^?7'?@0W+S ]4@CEH




MP 96(Y54$PK':J1K

M5:-IGX


 :VG8HC21HK:KN!L,4X$UIA$30
MA LI63A30 E%6NPK3::JR4 C
9B83RZA#4 DA!(YGL&'?RR1,HH6&]DA@
M&.B T1ST]7I)(K2(6$.


 I;1B+866[81FM6W1Q9AT


L


DU. H#VN6#@

MT9:2(Q)10R2IER@$^D17$1'1$-[DR9(


M!EVEEM:[=!

VGA1

ML3%P- 6

MO5PH


\?GP!TI3I2/42?






G:8'!!H+


(CD]4B%
MX^I-Z @7JR O&&#V[W'O?QI)-0LMD-[Y8HA''@TM0%IX0\13%JPR=$:FQ4-W
M4T*8HB(-T=XG/0:]EMQ8!YC*00%083@+4(8$JQ0%E2
H1A'LH)=Z2:*






M

M 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P



! 0$! 0$! 0$
M       ! @

MRO\ V?;?\\8_^^%_PH_L^V_YXQ_]\+_A5BB@+LK_ -GVW_/&/_OA?\*/[/MO


MX58HH[*_P#9]M_SQC_[X7_C^S[;_GC'_WPO^%6** NRO\ V?;?\\8_^^%_
MPH_L^V_YXQ_]\+_A5BO

8BI_O'YA2ZI=[_ (*_

M2*T\E]/%_I1D(MU3!VN1AF(!'3U]JUK?Q]=-:Q7


M+K



?_?_P%

MR-ZQ*H)VDK;^8_'L7H5GY:Z^2O:_WC;:_P# ;KY=/N/3_PS[;_GC'_WPO\
MA1_9]M_SQC_[X7_N'TGXCW%_=6Y9+?R+BY

MXQ_]\+_A1_9]M_SQC_[X7_N8^'][J5]_:#7LB.%OI4&Y8
N 5&[@(!C:.O


,RS/.Y.UFW?NU)+8/W0N#CK6S:?$\N]/C9(8C=2ZC]C3B1(
PIYD+.%=&/&!DLO/# GITK1'BJ]A?5
MXIDAWV%I#(H?:SM$78')SMR..AQ2TLWVO\ @D_U'K=+O;\78Z3^S[;_ )XQ
M_P#?_X4?V?;?\\8_P#OA?\ N07Q;K&H75E:V4-MNGTZ&Z=I/




'C34

?_?_P%']GVW_/&

M&J-OE#CYW#$D
. 1\HZ8ZBJMK;^];_R;E$VTK^5_P;_0])_L^V_YXQ_]\+_A








?\ WPO^%']GVW_/&/\ [X7_  K!MM7O
M_#MM
X\CS3$!$LF<!2V[O[
M ^]UMY_\





1DJ-V02V=N.



M:W5(YYS

=WIYJ_Y_Y'2?V?;?\ /&/_ +X7

M


JP1AF$8)!)#

MB3;^:O\ U]YN_P!GVW_/&/\ [X7_  H_L^V_YXQ_]\+_ (4ME=I?P1SQA@KJ
M& 92K#/8@\@U/1:P7OU(4LX(R&6) 1T(4 _RJ:BB@ HHHH ***J:JMX]LXL6




/\ GXT[_OW-


S@R[T/RX^7: /3%

MUND4^V15\T(NT

/\ GXT[_OW-1]F\8?\ /QIW_?N:C^OP

\'^'[^
M'5C?W


/^?C3O\ OW-1]F\8?\_&G?\ ?N:B

57M_ -I;PK!]
MHN&CCO4N8U+)A&4L=H^3[I+
M._XW_





/\ GXT[_OW-
[6$7'_?
@H Z:BN4/A[Q(?\ F8/_
M GP?_%4?\([XD_Z&#_RGP?_ !5 '5T5RG_.^)/^A@_\I\'_P 51_PCOB3_
M *&#_P I\'_Q5 '5T5RG_.^)/\ H8/_ GP?_%4?\([XD_Z&#_RGP?_ !5


2E[3[

M_P ([XD_Z&#_ 



-Q+J0
\+Q]:NKX(O1I
=
MEYD.]=4%R3N?;L\PMC.S.['MCWJY_P ([XD_Z&#_ 


MC;CO@\T[_A'?$G_0P?\ E/@_^*H_X1WQ)_T



51;2WG?YZ?Y!?KY6_/_

M6ZWB:6XMIX%C

M
Y+[-Q+8X&



M]/[2.W^[#*WZA*7
NZ+5*H]HR?R9JT5E?\)/8=W=?]Z&91^92IH-=T^Y.$N8







[1(W$SN
MER&DB,J7J?*QS/VX$@C Y'.



P!Y('UYK6UFQ;299XM.$BF326=PC.SL5FC#/R22^QFY


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4%Y?0:?'YD[A%]^I/H!U)]A5/4]8^RM]GMU$DY&=









M !52_P!4M]- \UOF;[J*-TC?11R?Y51O]8DDD:VLL%U.))2
I'[?[3^W0=_2
MJ]K8QVQ+\O(WWI&.7;\?3V'%2Y=C:%'K/3LEO_P!TE_J%]_JPMLGJ0))C^'W


M/D?EBK


M))]5M;X

[G8*1DYX

:K#)Y9PHVL2S'@$C ZU1U+Q#

M[BBN7UWQ)=:2YB\RT5DMPY#^8SR-SD+'&2R+QP6S^E/A\17VK
HL(HAMLX)Y

M%& &.-Z
R9'!VD9^M:T4:PHJ(










MEL^O9]SH**I:1?\ ]HVRR
-K@E9%_NNIPP_J/:KM:)W.647%M/=
*IZ9ID6E

MQL!'7FHD\+P.DR7


M^\C=P1_(]ZH^(?OV/_7T?_1


M:QJ$DDGV*V;:Y 


MC)^]]4//TS71@@C(JHN_JC&K!1::^&7X/JC(N]5F@UBTLEV^7+!

8P
9$CHO/RX?KD8J[5&;MI;MJ%%%% @HHHH IVNF16ES<W*


M_'_
%I\O^!_DCF;/P7;&&Y=PZV
5N^QEVX5Q(2

MC
LCVGD^47$:


MBB@#&\1OYJP6@_Y;2Y;_ *YQ_.P_$X'XTM0WI\W53Z16B_@9'8G]$%35#U;.

MJUUR$S6S[@&*LK*PZ@@\@US.MZM:Z+XEAGNY/+3^SF7.&;DR' PH)K!U!&


?\ (K?\3'_G]_\ (
='_$Q_Y_?_

M[PD042D8YY')JE9J_1I/Y/3\'^!GS-.W9M?..OXK\3U2BO/-/L+'4KV6UTAF

#L*?+K;S2^]M?H+VFE[=&]^R3_4])HH


M]^ZO^EBM_P 3'_G]_P#(
='_ !
?^?W_ 


M
?\ G]_\@QU9HH^;^]A?^['_ 
!C_D5O^)C_ 
_O_D&.C_B8_P#/[_Y!CJS1
2.075J0LJC!!^[(O]QOZ'M6QINI1ZG'O3*LIPZ'[R-W!'\CWJE52XMY(
MY!=6IRJ



MXTQ=6M'NFLA*OG*FXI_$!QS^M'1KO?\ (';F3?1+\SD=0T$65AI3QV9:.*2*
M2ZA2/+L?+ W
G5BIZ@U4=9[:+4KNVTQVBN)8A;P-;EL

STM?HU]]_P#,YK0-.:QUC52L)CA<6I0AD9(0[MO





MQ-_SU_\ '14E%

M^.BB*

G K(TOQI::M*D




T#CHVNZN


%&?QJ6N/^(T9FCT]%C6

]5K7Q'JMZMK9X5)9+ZZA:X\I=L(!X0_+EL^E.SV\W^=FPYEOY+\KI'
M=I-'*6

CS)/X%C/)1O[V[LOX\5




MW0H4QAE/49%2Q:CJ=U-%:6URL+H\$_$*/\ -@# !& #^G:AZ7_KO?\ ])!2
MO:W7_@6_,[BBLGPKJ4NKZ7;74V-[H=Q P0Q7./?%:U#5FUV8XOF2:ZJX444

MO=_\S%\

V.!

MB]!]*)?%\D+1110(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBFNXC&YNE 2LJJ2_3_/
M%/LT=(\/Z\ \D#L:;! 7(DD'/\ OI[_6K5 XJ[YGIV*8_UTOU7_P!!%24Q
MQLG/^T@/Y'!_F*?3)77U?YA1112&%5[C4+:T8+--&A(R SJIQZX)JQ7GGBV'




WH:GMX
M_*B13V4#]* C\7R_,DHHHH- HHHH **** BBB@#(\21%8$NE&3;R!SCKL/R




MYJYA?V=JG_/2V_[XD_\ BJ/[.U3_ )Z6W_?$G_Q5;M%+E0_;R[+[D87]G:I_


M0
KSI&=JN&^;N

MY\#S)
96('^;'L/Q/%$LLMY*;6U/SX'F28RL0/\ -CV'XGBMJPL(M-B$40XR

.AV=

RRMLC'OW8^RCDTAI7=B72$^UWLU
MQ_#ODIZ;B0TA_#Y1^=7-:T^;4$A\EE5HYQ)\X)4X1EQP0?XJL:=8IIUND'

+^SM4_YZ6W_?$G_Q5']G:I_S





*E3GT6D5^/FPHHHIF9
MAZXGV6YM[O\ A;

:%$C

'@$\=.E6-1OM4L7GT^:\$WFZ=+
LHB1&0IG(P



M2_0CM6M6/=ZK-!K%I9+M\N69VX^;*8Q@YK8JS!WTOVTBBB@1'/'YL;(.
J

;ZO

MBB@ JHVE6S7BWQC_ 'ZQ&
=-Q@E$D9W
M





ME:NF:2FG[G+&25_OR



.HX((Y# ]B#R*Q()I;67[)=


%LAFE[JOW5]W;HH_7T% TFR2[NTLT

MLV



G!W1@6=XEXI(!5E.'0\

M\8I!!=IY
J_S1<HHHH$%%%% !1110
M 444C.$!9B  
DDX H&+52XN))9!:VN#

MP^7_ ( I^\??I]:VM/TZ'38]D0/)RS$Y=F[LQ[FFE?T[BE)4]]9?R_Y_Y!IU

M7:Y[4)Y%\0V$8=@K6UR2N3M)&



M?ZBF9M./FN_^9+134=9!E3D4ZD 4444 %%%% !1110 445$TV3M0;F]!T'U/
M:F#=A[NL8W

M4444%A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %-=%D4JP!!&
@CZ&G44 8TOAT0
MG=8RF'_IF1YD)_X2O_  $CZ56=KZT_U]J7']^!@X_[X;:WY UT5%3RKIH:

Y])+VZ_
MU%HRC^]
OU.:76K(G!F5#Z/F,_D^*
MF6^MWY$T9^CJ?ZUNO&L@PR@CT(S_ #JLVDV3G+6T)^L:'^E+E97MH=FOFG^B
M,I]1M8_O3QCZNH_K4(UFU<XB9I3Z1(\GZJ/UK=CTRTB^Y!$OTC4?R%6  !@
\D-PP.0&&V(?
M2

@HHHH K22VJW
:.4\XHQ0

 GWK?H&U:WH%%%% @HHHH

[$#]!DU<Z44!R/J_N7_  Y5%HS_ .M<GV7Y1_B:
ML)&L8VJ !ZG44%**6P4444#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

H6
M&&9O.XE^A':M:@;MI;MJ%%%% @HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

J7

RYL^?/
MH$
_U4RZM.G3J%.K7LVZM6NBHF/+GDV[=NS7N'/KWLV[M^_?P(.+M$V\N/'C
MR!D+7\Z\N?/GT*-+GSX\N?7KV+-KCTJ]N_?OX
.+_Q]/WNCV\^C3JU^OL;S[





\[*H5KW?RRS!;FS)5
M.M%\YGF(\AGSSCP;.W-RS/[\:\]$%SVKT*(9G7.02C?M-*E()]TTDT]7;76C

O_.2_MSJ\\@1SQ+&Q]^W_/78<]B\QM';?)+MSW/_?9S9EV\^
O*3H RE*$=)RE*:\I2H3*4J5\G*



M5)CO?*A$)ZI0UE#THA@]YEDRRM&.*M


J


8C6U @6*
M:^M:4\/_SA9'5PU*;@&ZU[WP];*PY65D6!N3VWZ%L)OE:%]0BA/B[FBW865N


 EN282E


$B:KYK.B!?&'BUQ@


MS]8Q2?!]9G7SAMKO5NNH P[E@?J[RJ96D[WOO?!]XYJW!\\WO=GK:X(#NM 6

KEDY545^(YHO6^;1

4R7
M^
2;Y727=YU!

M&?]W!ST\Z99WO


6_WL:V_

M+/6[E[-I!H!8 7^.)8S)WD#]UXL]WCL)V,,B'[1!WV]X#6)GJA-X&+-7\4

MJ%%)6(?:U'MX6$]K*((P-GK.

MD?AVHU5


*5=ZI=?FH\!NJ:)6*95

M



MT5*P)NP:D%(WJ.P#ONP
&P  2Q% N5$DLX%9NQK72Q/Z2Q'MM('%M 'SNR
M4A2R)DNR*&NP)KNRN)*R+MLW+!NS_O.R-#LV
O][L\91LSK++SC;LT&TLT K
M
SX[M+H3M$9+*T2;M%IRM$S+*$K[M&33M%+;
%!;M=HRM5A+)%:[M8J2M5XK
M.UP;MH;RM63+(&)[M@A3MFI;'VC;MO6RMG#+MFZ;'1DQM\@2MW@KMW9+0Q&[
MMS:4MX!+(/ZR-&_K$.AA'DL;N(JKM?IQ%8V[0(NQN))[.4*M# TN9@;.\&

J[.(5B&AR$%!DR**^[O-0K$10C


M4[1('

83P;+A \.0


=MO$9[7+GZBT%Y/+^!G+.



7MWS%$.''O[R^
MO'S
7N&WRNS*R-S
=;'

MX)PUXWS._E'.LXO.[(PBZ@S%[1S/Q_+.SRO/]LR_]

W
M #W0!%W0!GW0)W0KW0#-W0#OW0$!W1$CW1%%W1%GW1&)W1&KW1'-W1F[2!
MM^JO\;ASEZFJT%JB_\BFG0J3S'IIY7J.PR72(QUNB/^YKB[YD2#ME)6)D2T]
MAB$]GSHHT_)YTS(IJ7
GC7 HBS\=L T!U)'5K 4HU
]:TS%-U;6ZIU[XA!W)
MU*QIJGHHT_\:9F =UC%*L&7]G&

MUZ4XE^]9DCVMU\'ZF8!-I09*UU/JK5YIEH
-E#.:D0SVUXM]JHD=V3-]V%Y]
MH6;MEGAMFY1MIJQ&DLN)V

**PVGG(##N(A?N%#[MH?;JS0

(I0(
MON

MEC[GI?ZNF)[I**WJ(Z7=W4WILZ:DD3CJE7[JY6WK^JJ?BTW;BI[4+%[E?1Y\





&[HOHUU4/\_]^

DC]-!3R
M

DLMV[MQ2RE#1!)*

MPYP*FLK!OZ9DB4TOYZ03/#'KY.C)

MLU%'JQ-T2S[W'+121 N

.-Z64TTPQ-54S55_U

UV*!H);98!86%TSYD?XU+-V/+6Y;94R]\




__[;/!TYJ;+0_I]#O-<^)'<3R1QT^L^!#FQ@[K*#P B2
M+7TO2Z!S,BBN_PL^T(,?Q)C[*#A!!E8P3AWTV ;M9\+OB1$+X1AHE!XII]X






7MK3GUX+



M':3T!MS@!V^1?HWL480WW.$





M^ZN!1[R+4^S%N4O(KHF'?


M5*^G+/&-O_PZT7ZRRF=^] 6.?
766OK7]]+N!5!]\V+?^UK2?F*[_WWR9WSW


#Q$V
MQ UD-BMLDO,BL+[Q$[CQ%/LQ/8K14HTD4
1%)
Q

M/! H2TI
W$BEM(EEJTIDA
JMY#FC= FA;(D(VZ[+PS6PY
JS/
 S5$M-1
NV
M=+FUA$MK=
NY!+FXM$N4I
N\E+B[Y
N_T\N_!+^^%$RJ!





M%&K5HC4E5WDUUP_!UWQ%TWWU%U&5TBUR5Q_U5\(0V'J-TWLM6)-XI(6%U'YU



3=M!


G=U8'







MEFIA1NE
+FN(3A9@SNL F66./FR^Z6H%#NQ*K6S!ANHEM6O%-MFU=MA=+6R+

M$AUJUW[MDXYM-P[ML(52VZYL1^9E:C[FU?;4W)9M0!;NAR'NF9[2V:;MVOYF
MIC[BTVYAZ8[AXW9LJJ[N/H7LXLYN\4;NY.YN5F+N5)7B+29OPH;N275F8R;C



?\T]/X$I7<EW'HS_G\$C/)+=Y<%EG[/45ZRDG)V('

MVV8J=^

EWA5
M/_;+A?=)5X^L5NU1;UUAS]J)AR!]-W.X!FV2UVJ3?^= LGB5WW66!W2?%UZ8


M#7JAWWJ:#WRPI_(3!76Q!UVIS?NSN'MY7EWM^Q)*79XGF[%7WNV#7Y76.9
M/U3$+WN]+WS!W?GS=N?*_]B;UWK
-7VW3WRU__F*1O'6'^[2I_W%'GW_?%5]

MW;_\X!?^ZX^-(N;^JT?[T+_KO3]^SR;J[?=[C/=^.%UAN+_NSB5_M.;X\YYU

FPH$ #$B!(G4JQH\2( AQHW

F#)'KJQIL^+
G#IW\NP9X;0H$*'
M#O7YDBC2I$J72C3J]G4J!Z94JUJ4:I(JUJW:L7J]2%7EE_'DBV[
2S:FF;7
MLFUK


W#MLX]*S
[T:O?GSZ7^O:9V*G';H[^)7;


I%^!ONSWWGVL$

36MA4A%)=F-F &Z)FVX$9GN9A8B)61J)-)IJ((FG!

MR.F9;#+&!@_L

]-AK[D=IE4_?/74-Y-=(-KY*N4U


/^2?IH)L.H)P1LC:[


MD;!F0?!YT%@:#!D'2ZC\ZT,1D(;85M6F#00 B^%,KPA[Z1FH:Q[X(X+!@-
M[R2_'Q(Q;&WK#]IZ2

@APVR*VJ
X ;.:9'K*2IG*6(A%X+PP]\GU=+*$D)1DF
M2EJRE*$:8B:)E39.?A(OI/]TGR@C$LLMO=*4MMP4(%-).!S-
(&:# PH:RE+

K9)NNB+C6CPX2PFVDI=18V-25


K*[_4/

M(BQ+Q1=8L\*UKW[=H67$ED(=:PECU291


M-4MYR4

MV

MW

M Q=VP1-U\*XY?(

N[ER5)7SC)J_V_J;]\7Z32N1Y
M(SFM3RYSO$H;9!/_M


MA-DNV[


M&


M8)RLH S.( W6X ?( [FH [RB WVH _^(!!X X.(1$6X7 $_R$2)J$2 J$1
YJ$$UB$?]N&:Z2$@!J(@,J ?%J(A*M<@
M)J(BN(A-J(CQM0B1J(D!N(C5J(EEM(D9J(F N(E=J(GXM FAJ(HZN$GEJ(I
MUL\HIJ(JYN$IMJ(K(LXJQJ(LXN$KUJ(M=LLLYJ(NQN$M]J(OHLHN!J
PON$O
M%J
Q9LHP)J
RHN$Q-J
S(LHR1J
TFN$S5J
UYLDT9J

WJLDVAJ
X
M5N$WEJ
Y9LDXIJ
Z2N$YMJ


=XD
M3]ZD3O[D*_:D4/HD4!;E)0XE4O*D42ZE'R:E4_8D4T:E&CXE54*E5%[E$U:E
M5EHE5G9E#FXE6'*E5XZE(:E68HE6:9E^)TE6Z*E6KYE&[:E7HE7-8EU\TE




*(+FHX$N*# F


J W&*(Y*BHU2843LJ SF*) ^BH^R8X\._RE'!BF2
M

MGBFACD88H23HJF;BJF:GB!*&.F;UBDTQNF3IL0D*@:$VJF?2JF$H4^U@0G


YFK=K
M
XKOG[4$M;G
MN.:KO_)3IN(*OXKP394I+I*N1:LPF:3.A9*MXLQ)I2/#KLE4:LQ?[FQ*9I
MQ5XLQW[1/%+L2G:LR$;1QVKLLHXLR@)KR0H*2::LRS+KR@9*R[XLS6+0H++L
MQM:LSE[GS?[)P^XLT*)BS_K)S :MT;I/0 )*T1XMTZKK/OILSC:MU+;.0/;)








3\Z5K-AD

M?K$5]ZD8OV45


BIV5M1K$X/K(A'_)F3C(ECV4D^[$C9[(F
M;W*#8;(G=R44AW(GCS(I@S)_G3(J+[(J7W*CMG(J
S(B6Z@LSS(MP_(TWG(@
MO[)VV3(ON[(OAV8V!G
O#[.K%K

W
S(R(U5_-5

E*ZLW?_
V2S
Q1RXY@W



GA6@O







M-SM]AJ6NJ[5*3+NT*WNM[S2VNR=8;KNQKX2W)[N76_^[ZXX[@&JEN4=[MZ?[

M=NMII 



MTBMVT_OIT]-VU?JU(-WU=?IU5=XUMOJUB]FUPOKUX]ZV?KV+-EV5?KV6]E
MVH?KVNMPV[/KVV-FW





M5+F294N7+V'&E#F39DV;-W'FU+F39T^?/X$&%3J4:%&C1Y$F5;J4:5.G3Z%&





 #$4Q0P049;-#!!R&
4
()*:S0
MP@LQS%###3GLT

/00Q1Q!%)+-'$$U%

M44?8 NC1QQ^!#&#'(8DLTDC-@DQ2R269;!+((Z&
4LHIQW+2RBNQS#))*KG\
M3
LOP0Q3S#&UA(S

]%
4\TUV4PSHC;A=/*Q..E4\JHZ\41SM#SY_)&R/MET

P11MU-%'QY0(TC
;FY1
J2S-U
_---53LDZM%!3442DE



MEXJYS)\DTR&K8^;EY
@VK:T3B.]
9R?-Z4I=OL2?98IG(P6:Q%^^C98
U:1#
'2&('U(S_YHLY'*+:(N'21&2\K_2W<&U)'4VRA1.VK3F*(T(3LBE-[
M8CBW

M


Z*][*L-8Y^ZPGA@0!X

X
1RN#@25D@W&4+AR5@XK*[SG89+2V*QL+C!
XT#5N-)33#( H)]I4@5[J
M[PY[Z 0_N9+EV_2BOZOI#\:YN=!=2)0E;5366/J^;[;@GG%)ZI.B./_6HGYU
MF5.:9TB;^BH]K1K?NWF08O9UCDN-J*Y.NI'$UK7REYV=.CIZV3')M@_/1^Q


=;GC?;(O_O?J8._P\O]-7J?N'A_7O7 NQOQ1+?OW#F=6<=C



M!W706&^WP
_](D_(Z@_L[(G^#E WQ_7\D__WB_Z!K AVF_6$*XQX_2B.\!




VPX;Z0MIR0

^
1P^^(P SME5\;M#T6F]R#Q


9KTJAS-$1C)D!IWC^=(#Q



CO0





B$5$B@Q
^_+!['(O7[(P:?(PRQ J*T:B ),9_1 NBX@Q#=,GF0/6IO(Q5_ ?
MQ?(A-9,O@' RI\7O!K.#RF[@Z-([.+,L(? LJ_$NJ=(QUP_K3!,0KQ E2;/Y
MN+5P.
U:;
V?5
MUY(O1U
U_S(W=5

M4W
\W[

33/7T3*6+2NU40_&4$1N1.ZS3


M@^NV@4MX=6]X_CJ8BL45

52CX.8
MV3 YA_?6D3?UD^'ERUXYE

58A'/10;\8^5AYEW7Y!\'RD26Y


M69G_^
94DI^7&6


CKW9\3ONW$B. +7M-ENI$Q2=WC
M/=
FW=[SW


M*;_R+?_R
3_S-7_S.;_S/?_S03_T17_T2;_T3?_T43_U57_U6;_U7?_U83_V

M+^7YI7_ZJ9_IO_M-K[_ZV0SOI[#$ =.'N_ZMO?Q)C7(6M7_[05H/N?3[J3[\
MFW?\'[\QR_/\^2WP)3=TV5_]TU^0X7\^M]/9  * P($$QH\B#APH4
&SI\




'/7W.P[N/?O!D/_VWYN/+EHY7/OB\8'3IBHM;

+I!.D+7(\^O_[]_+&_

M980?=-6U-N%A *(888:;D@6@QQ:5R!


MC)+GJ%. 3LK2HR_.V1BEFG(67YKS-1FEFIY:2FJIIG8:Z:E;82KIIJZ.JFJ0
M6;Y*JUVHL@FKJ%@U%*JJOOYJZI' $IDJ4K5N^JNPF1[+;%JK(:JKA;G_2KOK

MN)C=RZ^7S[;[+\#S#DSPAN 6?&FW]O9;;[;Z]L5PQ
1E!:V@ B.





7KLZ*[?BWKMMN\7N^2L/SY[H(LR2WGOY=Y.?/'^ ?^[ZKP+WYRBS0;/

O?D6T\NO
JM#W_\6@__

MN


*D3N3(M+9;';*81/W=$8183

Y

?S;_

JE7


QHET_ Q;F='N-JF1_<MG49NVQ=8UM:8L[

OW?;90CXP


R15-')D[[T4CX]ZE





BZ'TD6($:Z($1AX Q)X
LR'PWV'4NV'N^=X T
M2!H6N(+&IH!D=X0\F'4^^(

R'I.N'/.1W))

M

M'/2)F_B(KSB'LZB'M6B+)8B+LEAUG3A1D1B!DSB$#BB
LTB
F6B
QZB
P)B#






)

VCWU




P.JK5(2L5B:LG]JC7QJLQYJKR?I7



MI'ZKH&@+HT^YMIHM%QFJ8CKM#?+MB%KM&YXN/,3N7*(KY1;HXK[IU%;F$4[
MMGA;N%-KN: [26[KL(;MN-XNJ@;N:[+NB$ENB&*N2X+FUIKJ+6;N[=[0[8;

end








begin 644 chart-7f482d1fc192d8d72f2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H





%W/&/Q%^$6O3?&YU/XR:M
M^RWJO[07P[UW\3_  ]UZ/3Y/%5I\)K[PSK7CW5+S4_#MY8Z'?65SKVKZ@SE
M9KN




MTGPJNL:3J^HFS\6WNAP0WFG:AJ/VS46%U

M\$B_$?[


MPA\*_'X*/J^L/!%)/#HGP\\1_'?7M?^)?Q(GT[49=!\0:[X8LM*F'VAX$_X
M)S^+?A'^S/\ \&XEG\+OV/\ 4_ OQ(\!?M0?LQ_%?]MFX\*?9=&\;^']9T;

VI^.+J7_A'Y+Y?#UC)91/;6- ']2F






O%FBGQ)X6\):U9ZWXBL;G2O$WB7

@D616#(R

M:LM&T5KTQVT-L/UZ\6?L_?M/?%;_ ((3:5^S7X&NM=^'_PUAXK_ .:OP]^

MY[RZN+?[++-& ?HQX5_:?_9L\=0_$&X\$?M!?!'QE!\);6_OOBK/X4^+'@#Q
M%#\





MVZ?3W_!6_P#X*6V__!*_]FGPA^T))\#O$'[0=YXU^./@GX&Z-\.O#/BZV\&:

M[XT'CGQCXBM[.*8V/A30=/U* :[JURHL[**ZC:Y=(WW  \C_ &K?^#@+X3?L

\'^(


OB2V\0^(-.GT)O&?]E:I_PB:ZHEJ?$?\



M8DMM


M;






M-^)GQF^+OPC^ #?'KX?^#O'7@WP[\6OBQX%\%WNH-XL\
Z)XCDT30[GQ7JOA
#-<\9Q



T#Q

M_FB_9)_9#^


GQ'U/\ X*#_ +#6G_M)_##Q
MA^S?J7AO5=%\?^
O@K^U-X]^









M)U#2_P#A

M  2IA^+&K?&/]MOX:_&/X?ZGX@_9IT+Q[\'O'O[)VL^.O VK:C;_  KT#0?%


MBE9?\+0O?#/P


M:L\(?##]HW]M;]G+5M-\+_SXF_#'XK?$;XU?M&^/OV_C+XD\)Z;I6G_M0_

M/BG)\#(_C)\*G^-L.G?VO-\'$^(G@Y_BK%I)M%OO[3D^':ZT?&:?]C9;K[8
MVCW^S
MQYGD$2'XY^ W_!6#]B#]H/Q;^U7X:\)?'#X?Z%8?LB?%32?A+\1O


MC_:H^''[

M8]3N]

M\)OVIO@!XO\ GPG\)^'/ ?QH_9W\+_&7X1^.Y_A/\)OB%ILUK'KGB;36T'Q
M7XU3X46UK'9VFH9DB/BW43IT@!_:SXE^./P6\%ZSXJ\.^
/B]\+_FO^!?
M$WQ7\;:'XE^('A+0M8\'_ZWNI[&?XD^*=


/PZN;Y?%




M4FNV\-C?W'AV :;%J%H+#$4MHT$/[H4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!XA^TC^T5\)?V2_@9\2_VC?CKXG7P;

MR6^TNXGN+.6*\TK4H+?4M*U33M1L[W2]6TJ_MX;[3-3LKNRNXHYX'4?@C_P7
M5^(GQ5^.7QX_84_X)N_L]?!C_AI;Q5XB^(NE_MU_M(? Y/B'X0^&%EXN_9P_





MMQNSCG&
XYQ7\*GP=^(O[5_[1LG_  0U^%_Q1_:0_:STCX5_&O\ ;#_X*9_#

VM:78ZV^EM)=VNOW=O( ?W=A@W3/'L1^&2 
CN.HZ$
MORW^./\ P6_8Z^ /[07Q(_9C\5K^T+XK^+GPBT;P3XA^)6C?!S]E;]H#XWZ


M_L]^
T^

MA\'Y)7TZ*V^/7A7Q/%;-X%-Q%?NGA$Z;J%XGB;9J5Q);Q6@C /

MVLZ3JN@^(-/TGQ)X=U[1=6L;O3M8T#7](TW6-
O('AN[./*
_N^X''7DX^ZW






?!-GIDNFWGB&TM_%W

'0IL_$OB  _KI_;A_X
M*:?L@?\ !.V[^%G^U;\0=5\ G]H7Q1J_A#X:W%CX*\4^*[&_P!7T*7PQ%JW
M]LWGAW3K^#P[8V?_  E^B22ZAK#6UJ89KB5'9+.XV


M.^');V3P1XAD@M=8O[:X-M:PW)C6[MI)?Q8_P#AG]G+3/VN?VJ_P#@DE^S
M5J20EOC3I?\ P4]\ Z+-.D;I8^+M:_8NV^-642AHUGT?QE#H.JVTI&8;FSB
ME4AD4U^+/[%7CWQE^UO^UU_P2Y_X*(_&'P]J.@_%+X\_\%$/7[.EE;:JWVN

8))/3


UWX1?&.T\:Z


'@W]HK]DS1/ 'P\_9@_
M97\


MFBM[2UAEGGECAC=U_/KP!^WY^RE\._A_X=\%?$?X]^
H_'7PU_8
\+?ML_$?

ML?$3W\-MX



 _OX54'*JJ\8



_

MQZ=K\VI&\@TZTTZX /[%8_\ @I#^R

MX&_;*_9K^(7[)^D?MO:)\4M!M_V8M5^%MQ\9A\4M?2[T#2=*\ Z?8W5]JVK:

M+H_$


MX$ZI^TW\0OB;X0\(? 30_!&G?$;4?BEK6I1VOA2W\&:Q9V-]HNLPWH222\37




H@TY_/\.T36/V@OB!_P1DL/V0/
MC/\ [Q9XK^,/_!%C_@H7^S!I'[9?PT8V'Q&\8^.?V*OA-XV7Q]X4-MIOAR



MFKZ=J%W:S6OB6PLY[#6Y])_(3]@?X^Z??_M!?\$@KK]CS]M/]J7]IO\ :L^.

M-+^[()*C!(#90\XZ%@1G Z[FX'7.*_SW/! ^/

 _V-?V=?'VG_$S6?BA\2_VFM6^#W[2_B[XP:?H_QY/P
M8^(7Q&?Q)XCF\:6G[,DWB[XI^)?#FGZ_N\+^--+6^-OI6HZ!8Z99^U? ;XL^
M$%_:<^)?PX_X)<_M^?M0_&S]E;Q%_P $KOCUX^_:C^,?B3Q]\;?VRK?]FS]H
M*'0I8O@/\;?5MXGL_%'BNS_ &D-7N9=6U?Q)\ ? $\.LZ_#I-U;6WP_LM0T


MM\1_M$^+?%/_  2I_:(^)FK_ +1'[
O_  4)_:2_:8^#C^)_ _A&]O=)^+'[








'&&YYP
G/:O\_/]L[]H'XX:)\51X$^+G[2%C^S

M?%2U_:P^-_A+XF1V?AV;X5^.\/\ \(]8:5H^C:-JMMK5_=Z![5_P4Z^/?[6G


)[SQI-KKWMUKNGPR-+(/Y]?^]'[0O@Q/VG/$_P0O_BE




MF+XM+J/AK6O#JZ)\7?AM#I%UXNT&Q?6;.T37=.L8M=TYX=?TDW.C7[2N+2ZE








M
@9'N


M=+7QS)J?A?QC\)=(^(.BQ:OH6K7%OHF@ZU#H%E?78!_35^UI_P %!OV9OV+]




GPU^&WC?]G'XBZ;IK_$



M _K6_9Z_X*)?LR_M



M/ NF?L4?#:X^$W[0&B_L\?#/]G :+\4_&%Y\*/B!XD\1^O/CSX_P#B+XJ^


M?\%.?V0?^9/[6_C+4/V[/B%^TWX[O\ 7?@S$GQ,^&W[-7PX^'Q0_9U^ L_
MQ#TS1?VB?&GPYTKX1/J]QXI\36_@/5+S78M?O;8:IX$T[2]1U_1'MY[(W=N

$9]UR!N'N
CISS7\8_PV^/'CCP9\7_



M6L_MY? _XM_%+XG^*=&^%OCC2_CCXS\/Q/XL^#?B:

M$



D@!^WNX8SSC..AR/]



WC#XN_$GX[?%KX
Z+\9]9L[
M?]JWQS\



MNSITLUW:S22V!N8TN#92



M2VT272--DT>!+9M]NL.ER6K:?$MN_P \ CME\ELF/:2


M[%/_  3W\(_L=^-OVA?C'J/QG^
_[2'[0/[4FK?#^^^
?QL^.=[X%;Q-J^D_





MIM!_LG3O[%


T


M9W.KQV%HFJ7%I&4


MA:1K#:V5C;PVEI;1+]V*WM;=(H((ER2(X8T0$DA022:T&AZ+:QZG%;:3IEO'



?&
'==NCHTUWY&DW\NVV
MD^'_  #J'Q'_ .<?_!3K]HCXT_'_P#9E_94^!_Q8D_X([_'SXD?!3X(_P#!





M1^UI^T'??L\^#M

/


M^T=_P4$^&7@?Q3^U

M!CQ[I


M&!R&!(8$$@_Q5Z5_P6)_X*._#WX9_MN? ;QWXXTV;X[_  K_ &X_V!?V3_AM



*HK!C^'?\ P2I_; _X*






N90\[X&Z0X%

_9C_ &;OV?\ _@I1XU_8IG_9
M2^.OPP\

OVAM0\0VOQ)\*?M%?%5=9^W_#KPKI-







GS





MOXK*2.-[2*\
R6SHC0+&RJ1T-% &=_9&E_VFNL_V=8#5TL#I::H+.V&HIIIF
M%P;!;\1?:ULC.!-]D686_G 2^5Y@W5%IN@Z+H\M]/I.DZ9IDVJ7+7FI2Z?86
M=C)J%VV[==7SVD
+7ER=S9N+DRS?

ME9&ELM4LK74+.1HG#QM):WL
]N[1N T;/&6C;YD*DDT\:3IBZ;_8XL+(:5]D
M^P?V:+6W&GBQ\KR/L8L1']D%IY/[K[+Y/V?R_D\K;Q6A10!AVGAGP]86=KIU

M?T[3=/TBQMM

M\M[F

K2M#T;0K:2ST72M-TBTEG

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
!%O9)1#Y\<$L7F?[+_\ P3_8)_8TU;Q;XA_9O\ V8_AU\.O$GCK



MOHBB@#\]O@/_ 



'PQUGXU?!CXR6G

]]^S7\1?VD_BE^TKX)_8OM;'X[? 3P-^R[9_LW?LK_#7Q[#\

=W)+:::$O-6UEK



M7


MGI'[



M\Z;-\.]9T31/ /@Q-\%^.O'/C/Q;XF\

+_P0/ &N:=I^H@'[F45^:%S^



/A_X0?&7X-?










MBBB@ HHHH *_/OXD_LE?'$?%;XZ_$?\ 9P_:*\*_!RV_::\




_#K





MK6/ASK.O?&7XD:F?&/B[P_X^^
MG=?![X9W&FS^'/#'PX^'$.JZ/K^M'P#YW
MB*TM?#GZIT4 ?)7[/?[/7CWX=_$/XN_&[XT_%#P]\5_C/\7M#^%?@?5-9\%?


M@E__ 
$Y));.TDD?]A/]DMW=[:!W=W^!'@1W9F:
LS
S%F))))).22:[W_@H
















M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%?*_P +_P!HC4/B!\8?VQ/AA/X8LM-MOV8/''PZ

MYIY+:







U+P\D%P-!TGQ/IMVMIXE_L;
M0_K^@#XR_PC?\ RCW_ &[/^S-OVH/_ %1WCJN._P4/\ RB\_X)Q?]F(_

LORC!8G
LVQ^#RS+L'3]KB\?F
'M5L-9T/6K&WU+
M2M5TZZBNK'4+&ZC$MO=6MQ$Q26&5"K*<@@JP5U91K;T_O+_ -]#_&NBC6HX
MFC2Q&'JTZ^'KTJ=:A7HSC5HUJ-6*G2JTJD'*%2G4A*,X3A)QG%J46TTS2$X5
M(QG49PG&
X3A)2C.$DG&49)M2C)-.
DVFFFG8=13=Z?WE_[Z'^-&]/[R_\











$LOVAO$'PQ_9Q_92\/

MAM_9/PBT'Q-HO@+PO\.O@B/B#J/ARVM9?&.IZEXCU;7O$7C+XL?$/Q3JUU=F


M_G^:H8:W_!*?0M#G_P8'_!.::?1M*FFE_84_9
EEEETZTDEDDD^!'@6222
M21X2SO([
[NQ+.[

M%Y_P3B_[





LYQT92RWA_*:4

)1E**K5Z?


/Q*_9.\

MBCM_[(\






ZU/ 8?%QSNCA8JOF.49?=TX]%'-:+JP
MPV


M_P! +1O_  5V/_QBC_A'/#W_ $ M&_\ !78__&*V:* 
;_A'/#W_ $ M&_\

M1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBMFB@#&_X1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBC_A'/#W_ $ M
M&_\ !78__&*V:* 

M1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBC_A'/#W_ $ M&_\ !78__&*V:* 
;_A'/#W_ $ M

M8H_X1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBMFB@#&_X1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBC_A'/#W_
M $ M&_\ !78__&*V:* 

M#&_X1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBC_A'/#W_ $ M&_\ !78__&*V:* 
;_A'/#W_

M=C_\8H_X1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBMFB@#&_X1SP]_P! +1O_  5V/_QBC_A'
M/#W_ $ M&_\ !78__&*V:* 


? 7A&ZUE]9CO(_&

M$_\ @IIKOQ93]G;P]\'/@W\.;WXJ_'K]C3X8?MF6OPZ^+W[2ND?:Y\
_%5
M;Z#1OAY\)]1'PP\;:E\7O'.C:GI&I6GBVYC\





M^W8


CW_ /^% T4F1[
M_D?\*

CW_ /^% T4F1[_D?\*
CW_(_X4 +129'O^1_PHR/?\C_A0 M%

MCK&K7C@QV&D:3:7NIWTV(;2TFD(6N7&XW!Y;A

M&PN&H4US5*V(Q%:4*5&E3BG*=2I.
(I-RDD9U:U+#TJE:O5IT:-*+G5JU9QI

D:!H.LS@0GC#)\

M+A?(
=2]R



1<-Y3P]3QR^




#A
RP&*A[+%8''X:CB\)B:


MA
^J?#?QQITWA;QYI\0#%[@:%?M_Q.=


M?\*X+Q]\
O GQ.TV#3/&WAVTUE+&=;S2+_\ TFPUSP_J$;1O%J?AKQ%ILMIK






CW_(_
MX4P%HI

CW_(_X49'O^1_PH 6BDR/?\C_ (49

CW_(_

M]_R/^%&1[_D?\* %HI
CW_(_X49'O^1_PH 6BDR/?\C_ (4M !1110 4444
M%%%% !7YJ^./@5^UK\./C7^U#\0_V8[3]GSQ5HO[5^B?#_5-6E^









M5'A[1KC_@F#_P $YIYK*267]A7]DR61RTH+R2_ GP++(QQ(!EI'9C@ 9.
M 

W3&+_A
/&JQ$I/K
Z[




/EN'^L8ASD
MY3C1H4*


:#_T#8?^^YO_ ([1_P (QH/_ $#8?^^YO_CM;U% &#_PC&@_] V'_ON;
M_P.T?\ 
:#_P! V'_ON;_X[6]10!@_\(QH/_0-A_[[F_\ CM'_  C&@_\
M0-A_[[F_^.UO44 8/_,:#_T#8?^^YO_ ([1_P (QH/_ $#8?^^YO_CM;U%
M&#_PC&@_] V'_ON;_P.T?\ ,:#_P! V'_ON;_X[6]10!@_\(QH./[-APP



QM+^//@M@=1\&_#CXV:1%LC:Y\)WM[\*O'#H.L__  CGB/4-





M22X:'X:Z]]B\*RW##
PI1M'ECAL34S7)


MC@\TI+=T^;+\8HK2RIU)8C8FK+=MU\MI)WM%*R7M7_
:#_ - V'_ON;_X[








M_P.T?\ 
:#_P! V'_ON;_X[6]10!@_\(QH/_0-A_[[F_\ CM'_  C&@_\
M0-A_[[F_^.UO44 8/_,:#_T#8?^^YO_ ([1_P (QH/_ $#8?^^YO_CM;U%
M&#_PC&@_] V'_ON;_P.T?\ ,:#_P! V'_ON;_X[6]10!@_\(QH/_0-A_[[
MF_\ CM'_  C&@_\ 0-A_[[F_^.UO44 8/_
:#_T#8?^^YO_ ([1_P (QH/_
M $#8?^^YO_CM;U% &#_PC&@_] V'_ON;_P.T?\ 
:#_P! V'_ON;_X[6]1



7BK6O#&

M?%M]X1T

^%7B#PQ\/];O+^*_\._$

/=/N_ OQ8LO$5QX!\7:!XO\+#3]2MKO5/!?CGP?K]C
M+86<^B^,?!6O6EG+KGAR;P]XHUWZJH ^,O\ @HW_ ,H]_P!NS_LS;]J#_P!4
M=XZKCO\ @E#_ ,HO/^<7_9B/[)'_JA? ==A_P %&V'_  [X_;L'.?\ AC;]

















M=#U7P;XGLM=T;7MDM[NR\0V?B'1/TVHH _$;XC?\$Z/$*_#7X#_   \5_LW
M_LH_MW_ ;X+_ +-7P;^_P /[#XU:E-\#_BQ\&_B/\-/#K^%/%7Q(^'_ 
4-

?A_P[X[?\$[


6H:7XCU



M?V(?B#^R3\!O'GA/Q-XN\7R_$[QGKVJ_ Y\%_%SQWX0O//A=?AYX;T/3/V

M:;^/WAOX=_#_ 


YDE_85_9-



M@E/%8[%3C*4





_AGX0^$GA#3O!7@K3C8:
M18&:XGGN)GO-6UK5KQ_.U3Q!X@U2;-UK&OZQ=%KO4]3NV::YF8*HBMXH((N^


HX4RRO*E5JY'D'M84YU'6G1HSS
MO/:M*CCN(

KPU24


M5_^3J/^$8T?


M5_^


M5_P#DZC_A&-'_




M5

:E/:7EI< !D='O6V2QN$GM;F/;/9W44-U;217$,<B
M][16.)PV'QF'Q&#Q=CBL)BJ-7#8K#8BEMA\1AZ\)4JUO1J1E3JT:U.4J=

<8F<

FQU23

M/X_\&6J_P#R=7045^I'TIS_ /PC&C_\\+C_ ,&6J_\ R=1_PC&C_P#/X_\
M&6J__)U=!10!S_\ PC&C_P#/X_\&6J__)U'_
:/_SPN/\ P9:K_P#)U=!1
M0!S_ /PC&C_\\+C_ 
&6J_\ R=1_PC&C_P#/X_\&6J__)U=!10!S_\ PC&C
M_P#/X_\&6J__)U'_,:/_SPN/\ P9:K_P#)U=!10!S_ /PC&C_\\+C_ ,&6
MJ_\ R=1_PC&C_P#/X_\&6J__)U=!10!S_\ PC&C_P#/X_\&6J__)U'_
:
M/_SPN/\ P9:K_P#)U=!10!S_ /PC&C_\\+C_ 
&6J_\ R=1_PC&C_P#/X_\
M&6J__)U=!10!S_\ PC&C_P#/X_\&6J__)U'_,:/_SPN/\ P9:K_P#)U=!1
M0!S_ /PC&C_\\+C_ ,&6J_\ R=1_PC&C_P#/X_\&6J__)U=!10!S_\ PC&C

MCXV?&GQ!\3?V7_A5^U]J?@?PWJ/P:\



M^%G[



M:O@)^TE8_&S6OB'X'UKX9?$GX*?%3X6IX
U'QC\+_BE!X.D\0V?A;XDZ;JNJ








(H_$G@7Q
C.G7P]:%.O0J4ZM.$X\^*PN




OP7^
+/^%0_$<6'A#Q-X<D\^-[;7?
M&OZ%K$/B+P!XM%_I&KV/C7QY_8V_;JUU_P!D7PYJWP]\/?%/]I'X??/PEX+


W@+XQZY^T)^T)^

_X



M2?L*?LF2

M[=G_ &9M^U!_ZH[QU7'?\$H?^47G_!.+_LQ']DC_ -4+X#H ^X_[ M/^?O6_



8QBKRE*3:48I)MMM))7;$VDFVTDDVVW9)+5MMZ)

M$M6UK6/&WB=XB5DFL-+&J116.CVK#.I^)M=NM*\



K;

G?B?7\1F5X


2)%%#!KFL0PPQ1J$CBAABO4BABC
M0!(XHD2.- $C15  WZ*^@R+AG+

YS:I14U2E


M )^];_\ AUS_P3ZVZ* 
3^P+3_ )^];_\ AUS_P3Z/[ M/\ G[UO_P *


3^P+3_
M )^];_\ AUS_P3Z/[ M/\ G[UO_P *'7/_ )/K;HH Q/[ M/\ G[UO_P *

MP+3_ )^];_\ AUS_P3ZVZ* 
3^P+3_ )^];_\ AUS_P3Z/[ M/\ G[UO


3^
MP+3_ )^];_\ AUS_P3Z/[ M/\ G[UO_P *'7/_ )/K;HH Q/[ M/\ G[UO

MD^C^P+3_ )^];_\ AUS_P3ZVZ* 
3^P+3_ )^];_\ AUS_P3Z/[ M/\
MG[UO_P *'7/_ )/K;HH Q/[ M/\ G[UO_P *'7/_ )/H_LT_P?O6__  H=

^+/P?OGT;XW^

M)PU5)RI8C#U8QJT:BORSBKJ47*+\

MX-UGQ#J\7B3P/XLTUS#JWAGQ!:)J)

M+3_G[UO_ 
._ELT]WX
\1R)OD59/#NI/-I]WD-_P$'[:W


MJ/\ C_[5I6GBKPSJ$1GL?$.AWD(=HS-::QIMS$)% +(9(+J1 ZAE++NW $9


55UW7]?\.OO&8W]@6G_ #]Z





H32=X

M6G_/WK?_ (4.N?\ R?1_8%I_S]ZW_P%#KG_ ,GUMT4 8G]@6G_/WK?_ (4.
MN?\ R?1_8%I_S]ZW_P%#KG_ 
GUMT4 8G]@6G_/WK?_ (4.N?\ R?1_8%I_
MS]ZW_P%#KG_ ,GUMT4 8G]@VG_/WK?_ (4&M_\ R?6W_GU_G110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 445XSX.^.W@;QQX[^/'P[T3^V?^$A_9U\1^%?_Q#^V::MM8C4_


MX$\3^-[/7O&'AG3[?5/%
^B^);'0/!'A?5?%GCG7+OPKXC71O#E_;Z:;B7FO





M]DC_ -4+X#KL/^C;+_P[X_;L&X9_P&-OVH.

*



1G9)=06)F@MM(T*U




^)I1Q7'4\/+ 74\-P3@*LZ^14TFG3
MGQ%BJE.C4XHQ:LYO!UZ&&X=PTY0C'*\PQF!PV=U.59?B






M
11O[6AM3G6I6Y+^TIQDYPM[2G?FBOCA_,KWZ*;N4]&7\Q_C3JQ-[KNOOB


IP.*S/

MOBL1*EAZ56M.-&E.4:5.=1KEBVO/S7.

M;EV%C6JTZ%*6)QV-JT





M]\1/!GPP\


++3X9&N;IT*Q1L%8JO@'XA^#/B=X8T[Q?X&\0Z3XDT'488)([W2-2L=3
MCMKB:TMKQ].OGT^YNH[/5+2*[@%[I\TBW-K(X66-=REHYU[7V%I^T^K_ %JW


MBZMH Y(0S7$
08@ D*9'4
00

MW%5:6X4


UOR\J=[=;;6?9FW17(W/C_ 





4WM)#*%]N

MRW


TP.!S##X3

Z5'


M.S;5R

M?



M%WJ2BK2EHN[NEJF;6O:%H_BC1-7\-^(-/M]5T+7M
OM'UC3+I2UM?Z9J5M):
M7UG.%96\JXMY9(F*


\




M67
HRPVK%D5+J5$MW=T1)6=E!N#]JWX6W$<;Z3H_QMU]



ME:6V_9WUU@CCS)+XC^/'[/.D*)68A-ITOQ_XE3[,8Q+/+)#
K.5BM)]H+X


M 


FFOAA%#J][X

(D7^?K]AC]K7]NWQ/\;7TWXD?

$\37Q
M?

M


M2DC:=\7? _B/[PCM_&/PFG@G8 .R;]2\&^.M!A1R=B
ZZ*ZC+2K#E1$Z+J_[
M2.E1N]YX*^#_ (M5

M*4CR1NS1N=0_:!O!/+%\?/$K)
2J/X6_8G\16L 4%4(TI_%/B/6S%



M6]MDN2\LD1M56$?.T\M\*J44\K^D?PYETXQE=T.-.*N+9O;WG2SWACBZDVE9
MI1I-)\L+*;4#]

MTJ:BT 5&?SA1G\#@LOCI,[B7XV_M,SJJC:NC?L_? 70I+=;F3Q3X0U!+L%

M+@Y2Y7^[C%8F7-5_=2:DY.)]3\0X13I\)Y[0FT].)
V\


]LWN(-2O?$=[IVM6WBK3OVGZI



MWZA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5^4WB2P_:!_9O_:&_;2\7^!OV8/B1^T3HO[5


&_#G[</P*^)_@OPO

M@UN]U75?#GPS\7WEGJD%G=VUC%X6@L]3U*UFETF*Z_
+6OV.OVJ_CI\#?A-\
M&-5^^L_GQ1^Q]_P3Q^)O[



M1:NZ]\S$@Z;_@E1H\DW_!,'_@G-*-8UF$2?L*_LFR*&Z@2*
2? GP+((XU

V_:@_]4=XZKCO^4/_ B\



\;DV4Y]DF
SC

U6
MQ&+Q7U:$
IQ&4MT*57%S5%XFIBJM.G%153GG6J5?D%/A3^U[IZ(;+]K#PAKI

.S)$D<MX!Y1^RZ*_;


MQ-A)*]ISX@S'-G=[ODX@K9O2U5TH^SY8Z.






ME14U^[;J23J2^



;R
#R6^MZ*]VGGN HR4Z/G#L*BY;3G4XCQ
M2O'F][V&.XAQ6%;?-=IT'!M1O'1'^&\PJ1Y

MWAO!8I+W='&NI*[M+5W^2?\ A!_VQ=0VM+\;O@MX5!G9FATCX-^-_%#I;X5%

MS
:DL[L_B1/&
@N6;Y/

MO/33T7)BJF3SQJE%6Y:CQ


MV_EU^C/[*O[+GBW7?@!\
K'7OVBOVJO FL^$/#6G^#M5\&^'_%^F^$O#^@WV
U<VWVGSXKG=^K6![_ )G_ !I<

M82G7XKR7B%8K%T\KHXG$8&E3A@


.9KV7&O%




HB0'
M9$/(U&! B98@;
DL2S$]*LG[!'POG7R[OXH_M.:A;DJ9+/4_VAOB+J-A/L(9

M-/B6

M\)_\.\?@.3N?7OC@[DDLX^.GQ*A#






+A

(Y?
M@L%A:&$P^&_M+-
+BLUQW)2H13Q&98S%XRK=RQ&)KU7*K+Y7]B?X1HJHGBO
M]H=455557]J']H *JJ JJH'QP%50%4#@  #@5?LOV/?AWIGF_V9\0/VD]/$


MI%225?B?/L53:E'E?-1Q.85J



MS@5 G_!


MCB2

M9!PHN?A;
J$D#)0*3@ D@8J]#_P3E\%V[%[?]HG]J6!V7:6C\:?#8






%OIK:??131W;W0N[:6!8I?O.[_8@^$6J
M0O!K7B7XX:S'
6:Z2_\ CM\31#=%]PD\RVL]?L[2(/&[1%;2WMD2-F6-4))/

J>:YLL+=/#/%4\NP&6)82C7JXB6#PLJ
M&74*LL%AZD,)];E7Q

MB;6$0-Y4.M_%7XI:M! [8#2P0WWB^:.*8H/+

QO-?\ $%BOABS@T74+
M30!HNDZB'BU2_CFN+O3K=(H+ 36]O:0R$O=75NY@:**1E^6_V/?VM8^!GQ


^./%U];
1]T
MR6MWJ\]M(4/S)YD3;' =

 0?\

Y




M]N_V#+_T'=?_ / VW'ZQQ70T5\QX8^$? 7@[DV-X?\ #S)Z^19-F&8RS;$Y
M?4SG.\WH?VA/#8?5
31_MO


M:2C&2B[+GO[!E'_
=U__ 

_P# VV_^0:ZBOI]MCR#G_[E_Z#NO?^!EM_\@UT%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !111_G\Z BOFC4_VNO@/I'P'^)/[2M_XNNX?@_\)-;^+7A[



V_:@_]4=XZKC?^41_P-7G_!.+K_ 
F(_LD]

CW_(_X4 +129'O^1_


CW_(_X4 +129'O^1_PHR/?\C_ (4

CW_(_X4 +129'O^1_PHR/?\C_ (4 +129'O\ D?\

M[_D?\*





OJ: /ST_9<7QE\3/VIOVGOVG[WX9_%+X3?#SQ_P#3]EKX

M?#_QA\

MZKX0\1:CX?DU/PD-!U[6/T-I%55&%4*.N%  SZX%+0!\I?&O]F+6OCMX-^*_





M['2Z7ID^I66LS:=8S:OIUGJ&GZ?JDMG;R:C8V&K2Z=/JEE9WSQ-=6MIJ4VD:

KZ_9VB@#\8O^'
'AW_ *26?\%E_P#Q
M9%\7?_E?1_PY@\._])+/^R__BR+XN__ OK]G:* /QB_P','AW_I)9_P %
ME_\ Q9%\7?\ Y7T?\.8/#O\ TDL_X++_ /BR+XN__*^OV=HH _&+_AS!X=_Z
M26?\%E__ !9%\7?_ )7T?\.8/#O_ $DL_P"R_\ XLB^+O\ \KZ_9VB@#\8O
M^','AW_I)9_P67_\61?%W_Y7T?\ #F#P[_TDL_X++_\ BR+XN_\ ROK]G:*
M/YU_VEO^6DGPD\




M!^

M?7[.T4 ?C%_PY@\._P#22S_@LO\ ^+(OB[_\KZ/^'
'AW_I)9_P67_\ %D7Q

M?_Q9%\7?_E?7[.T4 ?C%_P .8/#O_22S_@LO_P+(OB[_P#*^C_AS!X=_PD
MEG_!9?\ \61?%W_Y7U^SM% 'XQ?\.8/#O_22S_@LO_XLB^+O_P KZ/\ AS!X
M=_Z26?\ !9?_ 

M 'XU_P##F#P[_P!)+/\ @LO_ .+(OB[_ /*^C_AS!X=_Z26?\%E__%D7Q=_^
M5]?L[10!^
7_  Y@\._])+/^R__ (LB^+O_ ,KZ/^','AW_ *26?\%E_P#Q
M9%\7?_E?7[.T4 ?C%_PY@\._])+/^R__BR+XN__ OH_P'
'AW_I)9_P %
ME_\ Q9%\7?\ Y7U^SM% 'XQ?\.8/#O\ TDL_X++_ /BR+XN__*^C_AS!X=_Z
M26?\%E__ !9%\7?_ )7U^SM% 'XQ?\.8/#O_ $DL_PR_\ XLB^+O\ \KZ/
M^'
'AW_I)9_P67_\61?%W_Y7U^SM% 'XQ?\ #F#P[_TDL_X++_\ BR+XN_\

#_P#!&'P\J
P_X*6?\%E\

M]'_#F#P[_P!)+/\ @LO_ .+(OB[_ /*^OV=HH _&+_AS!X=_Z26?\%E__%D7
MQ=_^5]'_  Y@\._])+/^R__ (LB^+O_ ,KZ_9VB@#\8O^','AW_ *26?\%E
M_P#Q9%\7?_E?1_PY@\._])+/^R__BR+XN__ OK]G:* /QB_P'
'AW_I)9
M_P %E_\ Q9%\7?\ Y7T?\.8/#O\ TDL_X++_ /BR+XN__*^OV=HH _&+_AS!
MX=_Z26?\%E__ !9%\7?_ )7T?\.8/#O_ $DL_PR_\ XLB^+O\ \KZ_9VB@
M#\8O^'
'AW_I)9_P67_\61?%W_Y7T?\ #F#P[_TDL_X++_\ BR+XN_\ ROK]


MZ7;&WC^QS-JDHDD^V[(?Z(*H1:5ID&I7NLP:=80ZOJ5GI^GZAJD5G;1ZC?6.


B?\$8

P6 U.^B.H:

M=YX/USQK!HW@O5K[PMXAM;_Q9I$FDI!= 'T9\4/^@7P!^&?B?P=X.L['XU_
M&/7_ !U\*=&^-^@VO[-O[/?QE_:.M_\ A5/B;4KC2??C;4]1^#G@[Q=I^CZ
M+XOOK+4(_DVIW-L_B&/3-2N-+CN(+ZDB[[XP_M@? _X$SW]M\2-:\0:7=:





M;^'_ (D^'WBSL=;M-7U6?XD^M:TV\MEO=U?PAX@T[QEHFKZGX9N8=3?\
M*[7OCWXY^-[^W-^V_X#_9L^
7Q1LOC[\=_V7OA1^S!X8U[X%_&VUO)];^'_
M 


M:+4'T+Q)X9\60Z9+X1\2Z#KVH_-D'P TV'_@HG^TA;VGP=ELO@K\1?\ @G'\


_'5Q\1-5U#PEX1T7XB_%;4OAU\)_B%\2_#OP/^&OB/4M8T


%O@?X<^//Q+_:'\:ZY\0- \#Z_K3?#S1[?
MPKI.N^(M;T'2KT ^Q5_X*(?L[CX=ZOXWNC\4-/\ $VA_%K2/@%J'P-U'X1^/

K+Q_JOQ)T


M]CO]HKX.:M/K'Q;_ &

M]XBN+[]H+XK_ +:O[0/[-W@WQS\.M1M?BGIUEKO[/
/P3^'GBK2O 'B'1H_&
MO@;QM\0(O_B'6O#.DW&DZ1X_A\-_$TT[5=.TO4M;U+18P#[]^('[='P0\



ME)J7BG]IGXF? ;7OCI\0?B?X:DTW_A8'B+QCXYTG6?&WA_2/'/C/5M(M0#]!
M_AO_ 
%(/V7OB

OPI^(?PB\(?$K]G[P








^(/%\T\







^%=86WU-(XDU&!-1TJYCAOUC07L2)=




M;QQXG^!?COPE9P?#VU@L+_7(/%?B&TUJY\


)XO'7[7'AG]ECXX?M%Z=^S1\.M


MAZ#X2?#7PMI7BSQCXUUT+IZZMH5EH]KK^@:-/IFH:5'XA_X2[7-*\''1U\27

_@9^T)X__9R_8S_8?^&GP9^ GPHN



M


MP3$^&GQ!\#?![XO^












MBT?2/$K:\-(U#5]!T_1-9O-:TJUNY-1TNVTG4Y;VU@6RN/+\5^(7_!1O]D_P
M'XP_9F\%0_%CP1XQO_VN[?XG7/P




S3NJL ?H;@



?#WC32=/UB32=*U]-)OM1\-


M &!Z#C\L8Q^%!4'J
\8/N/0^H]CD4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 ?Y]/Y4
MA /7/X
P_D12T4 )M'(YY_VCG\\Y'X'KD]2:-HYZD'J2P_(DTM%   =!UZ


LOB32OZ-Z* /P



M6/Q#J-RYN;2\DROVU?V6/$OC;]O?0_C[XC_8$N/VY/A&/V/;'X.Z;8Z=XX_9




?A5X6N]
^#G[/W

U/1



MN==O_P!B:SM(TC2M TRQT;0]-L-'TC3+:*ST[2]+LK;3M.L+2!0D-K96%E%!
M:6EM@Q06\
4

M/[
?_14+7_PE_'7_ 


MO&5SXHO=.M?

MD/F



M2BN)

'5QD








+?B7\3_ (B?!?PU\/#_P +]=NOCXOQ3^#MYKMI


^


 !_0!1





1K

M/OV8_P!H35OA?9^%F^)WA?0/C?\ #[QK\1O@U\0_B9\
O$'P_P#AS\3]'^&-

MJ&69/EV.S;
L4YQPV7Y;A
1CL=B'3ISK5%0PF%IU:]5TZ-.I5FJ=.7)3A.I*
MT8R:X



M:52I*



M2^/X/%^KZ#ID.LZM9PZ!XLT@VFFW%V+&&Y
WB#0=)MY@]T?*\JWFEF4_.T2Q


MS

:4*52K@
VP.*R[&TZ=:G&K1G4PN

^

WRS/
MK3JTZ68Y1C\+F6!JU*


MC:_$G]G;Q]:RZA?G6;*RLO





/'GC+Q#K.MM'::QX/\-^'O#*W6J:IXDT8 _0.BOS]@_:P^(/P*\'?#OP7

M'PC/X5T_XW?$S4_&7P:^)/QXLO_P\^/CG6?%VC?#WX*_$1?A3\:I_&'AS4

&M/UCQ'X=BU'3[G2M%\60V?B+PYK%OX<NM&\0Z+J%_
MZ3;_ /!1;]GFR\.?&;7?'UM\6/A#J7P.T;P%XI\5^!/BI\(?&_A?XD:WX0^+
MGB&Z\'?![Q+\/? T.G:IKGQMOBIXXL;OP!X0T;PK!J'B[_A8<7_  @'B'PW
MX?\ &#)HS 'WC17YZW/_  4L^ 6DZ%XG;Q3X;^-O@OXF^%_'?PC^&TWP \6?







9__ %D?RI
#W_
_XTM% &#XG\+^'O&GA_5O


M5+'NF\53PE2K%59X:%5495$IR@Y*Y@\+AI8F.





U

M?V3/^;GC/4OV)M FUK7/$WPM_:&NOVA/AA^TI\$M7^,O@Z'7O%/PM\?LP:
MYIWA3]BCX

MN6/C-9+^OWUH  &   .@' 'X4 ?DYX:_X)]?%'6OVC?A_P#M:?&'XL^ ]2^+


MQ3J?[)O[.'[
OCOQ3^TW^RZGQSN?!6O_ +.OP]U'X;:+\8_@CI][XSTBQLVU


MX

MQO$UC!XFN-7#WHUMY!'Y$9CE83#UGX&?L\?MN_!WP/HG@&7]I/X+:SX?^O


3M&TPC02M$K)&TH

MB@!
#W_


VP.
RO-
%A
QRW
%2CB
-
MB*
YT:]K=*K2E*G.



S/-
9B
?C\74A3A2A/$XS%5*N(KSC2ITZ



MPV#PM.EAZ$)59SJ2C2IQBYSE-KFDVTQCU_
G^9KYI_;+^ =[^U-^RC^T3^SA




K_2_VSOA



;P/_ 
$M


M^&7@SPO;Z-XN34O$/BN3UCXK?LZ_&G2OCYJ_[2_[+GQ!^''A3QMX_P#AEX3^
M$WQD\!?&+P7XD\4^ /'NC?#?7?%_B#X5^
-(U7P-XI\)^*_!GCOP-/\ $'QQ



Q:Y\7OVO?VG[_ /:B
M\?\ Q T+2+?Q)J\'ASP/I'BC6M5\/^&? TE_K&KVF@0:.NH^*]5U&VOM0OOU

M=&X^O?'?_!/7XO?'75?C/\3OC/\ '#P#IOQR\1:#^SCX7^'B#X6?G7-.\
M?#0?LH?M$W'[4GPY\6^+/!_C+XB^(M9\?:GXU^





M#(^[Z*_






M8_M-PZ%_P@'A_P(_A6^\6G1]7UZQU5- T[3]7UK3)Y;WQ#%:Z9I]Q;+#HTF
MHO?WMK:.VEW
=D32M8\+?MF_LB^-]!\7^*?!_[4'[/OB?PU\/[CPQ:^.?$&



MG2^.6^!U[\

MOKU_+K/V&^.CPV]@\VK+8WK:;'=TN/+ /:J*\VB^,OPDGT31/$L/Q/^'\OA
M[Q+XZF^%_AW7(_%^@/I6N_$FW\3:IX+N/A_I%^M^;;4?&MOXOT36?UQX6M)


(?5O<07/BC28YVO?#UK-'<ZO%9V[I(W5^-
M_P!JC]F;X:6W@6]^(G[0GP3\V?Q/TAO$'PXO/%WQ3\#^'K/QYX?6UL;YM?\



_&.





M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




M^486EEU#A3ZO2P=7!RP];AN.7O+L13Q$
1B:N(E6ISK2Q-=UX5:=2G0=+[?#
M^





MPQX8N)_#^J65IK_AO6[O2M2C_5BB@#\#? ?[*7[4'PW_ &DM(_;GF_9STSQ$


Z_M??M:)^T_X1T;

MKVOC&+1?!&OEXK_1?$WPUN(M6LM&EM=7LY]
U#0I([3Q%IHM&U+3U_-SXI_\

M\%OC]\0O#5]X+_9WT;PS\&_O@+X567C2X\(6/AZ[UL:[_86JZ1J.G^&+_4
MO#NB:S_4G10!^&G[1W[$'[0/C#X__M9?&;P1X











M$

_&'AWQ5H=MX
MMETN\\9:%=Z1=:I-;?7=% '\S&N?\$P/BMXK\$_M1^#?V5/@!X@_X)\?!SXF



:_\
M8O'_ 

W\/OJ/Q(\

M^RW1N+*V]UHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetInterestCarryforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_NumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DeferredOfferingCostsIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerRefundLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=bynd_SecondaryPublicOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_DistributorOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_DistributorTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_DistributorThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_NonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=bynd_DonaldThompsonMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_ConsultingAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_BonusforServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_AdvisorAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDailyTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_AmendedAdvisorAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=bynd_NonqualifiedStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=bynd_SVBCreditFacilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_ContractTerminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=bynd_A2018TermLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=bynd_EquipmentLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionofConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionofConvertibleSecuritiesNetofAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePaymentofNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ReclassificationsofTemporarytoPermanentEquityShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationsOfTemporaryToPermanentEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseofWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueExerciseofWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AggregateIntrinsicValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentDebtDefaultBasisSpreadonVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_WarrantorRightThresholdGrossProceedsonEquityTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsFinalPaymentFeePercentIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_MediumTermNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeaturePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentAdditionalFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=bynd_DebtInstrumentPaymentsBeginningSixMonthsafterLoanDrawMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=bynd_DebtInstrumentPaymentsBeginning18MonthsafterLoanDrawMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyFirstTwoYearsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPercentofFacilityCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyThereafterMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPercentofFacilityCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionofConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberofPurchasers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_OwnershipAxis=bynd_TwoPurchasersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_GrossMargin'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStockWarrantLiabilityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationReturntoProvisionandOtherAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SalesDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=bynd_FreshMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RevenuefromContractwithCustomerExcludingAssessedTaxGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=bynd_FrozenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RevenuefromContractwithCustomerExcludingAssessedTaxGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
\ 'PK!  5    8F5Y;VYD;65A=#)C<F=B
M





KE0H!X-R2*94#JJ42D $D  %6!\FJ9

M:970HRI39'F\4

M+_.DLERB;I8P 9 )DB%9/B/0$ 1N-T[8^B\#;TOX/QAD

4GR)K?3%HG7:H$_]O:GQL25.VJJA




JH
M5Z^.T@:U
V#6Y*

M[?3HOF0H9 AC 4D\LMO7F=4YPF;5B4)#



2:M9$XL&8V:!=&FWQ
?;?!8U5Y0!
M#ET=0M#ND00QOSZ!^\%&$LH_4%I+(4S?;DAW
!R 6&V;,Q%**B!$41R[
I#$0%<B
MR(23N#_%A0Q@-B3][[9?AUL39C]_@1
!9E4EF#\@B=MM,I'&?3%B:=EA=Y
M+BW. ;@@:-I:B=#5BI@642F]LK1CP5N?M0AO+E.%W/Z Q(59'8XM7J_7@[D

MQH6+!2\0])4*X@09*Q8-=0C]0NR 6JQ%NRL83D9@VAT#8V!8532&Y*#!8G6$
M:4


M+

M0XJE@DQM#--D

 YXQ[KD_H@^K@ZS5()P
M4DI/%BUJ2F'.HH+T$BB?+X JC(Y(F3J$9E,R623]WJC#C:(6E\D V2QAE,_9
M]/& RR_/^^,QE3^2L)E+02:0@=,FL2E=,EJL7B(3B/J,,)#!99J /F2BR4 =
M0CIJ\OAN

8
EA9GA@
0
!0LXJBM%

3?-H?PVS9*&=-*MVZL* 3$F/)


C)
E:I#I$9






6SF
WJML70L)6)14&+
MA&4XN=4K16]D$./J6V.9)$U.,TJ-A'=!(G0PK!I3Z;L[GEF1PJ$1@EC7OC
MLIR'
I7E




MV)B
)$O^4J$8+^GM@HTRVK1!M88+21
@4239D#-G

5&*)FT

ME 5-&L:'9FYCOF[_2*% /ZH*1A1V@Y6^80\;(Y6?%@1PJ3A8-J$?IX=&B
M,Y1 2=+NXW-U(

AZ6IJ%$BG!A
M^J3
[)9182QN\M(Z0:.]$E/!9X*!DB L4BCK2,0$W++A&!:;\B9U 63/)8K
M:XK8*=\'JDDA[H17I(-V4D[S
-JGSF)^20!LF1Q:RF.DXHSG$%*RG
AR@[R




QP#$Z )0UQ1=@]5Y)G92$(N)@#B592
WS3A O9111E3405% 6
ML]R8)-&


EXW%
\&
!K5




&8Y:W\S(4]0

M:LP2/A-IAO2%= 3.1IBP@\2(5$9I#R5L1(E7
@5)5BI8

RYF
9<
MR9GQLO92.%[I<&X.8C1 2F7(5%%N.!**.

M#7*WH/4ZAG.50Q$NXD3-!BC+14B;6&Q1B8
.LY$!O#F+@\&+M4/\?CJ
@\







X4+01H(

M@_Q)'VM&





*:J($4.94.T!;&$1Z$B9DY#.2D
M$'\*M9&NIF@9?D2$W16[:'C6E08**D) 7IF
JN2U($I%2$K!:K/*X$([H
MQ#G







7%'K!AP%P
M09P57%I$\&GRD%<02]06X&B'F1LG(I1YWDWK%&2#&K*A7(E*9*/)'P.6 5J


@/);  #J8@I2$URKG2R$&*D=?MJQ7
M^/'F&3NKC7EDI

M%W




MHRC(&+W!K97#JHPFX]!Q/L&&!KT%%^BJM8LQ97F%$C GQC"AP9O.#-$$*4
M3\2!(D0CO#BH0Z2X,^[@^E

M
(&5SQS@/*XE

$(($P54D@J

[QD6)02+(4.J3L
M1N5:+2RH$4HRN%E#NO&PD- #CE0)MSD-0KW4XPOI*7&M@K(YP)SV/2R&D
1

D;*(VJCS4#F$%78XBRRF6)&)3P)OT4-

(\4@QAB4NIC:J9/X]#:516PNGW *N6, L&.
MRB)QV0 IQ GRKS!218^ 'Z6!&:9XW@8D/X26CJPG(5) G0TEPBY$KD06RRB

MXB :LR@
'HD6$XRVH$_67$F#Y+$(*^R[;+[\H!N



MI882:)S7I@5$K! \42G[TLKV5KG3N&94,Q%B@-)'0](2]IR)I55 8UXXQX
M

$Y+^U*SZ5;L[&H6Z%
MO12


MY\^A!64@D#('09A#
O(@S(Y3!HK?[Y,LQ9)+E



*&Z/E0TY7/B.3ZPI)@;#9@I/*^$@##@O4*''V
M)





M;[6)S? X2Y F;8U0
9BBPM52F40)PK)0E3R



S 8JL)E
M
%)%RL

S)$]RF9I(K6W'







M.Y8A\8Q(U*A5;3U/$C&A+!'*K3B/2R.4AXI$S5I%;RJ';BKS9(&OW90FF2IR
MM6\GJKR7&% )*I5(I9'


M*N7R*B&QNXE0_[#QGX1:WI9+9YQU/*OHM/G7NMOU2[XL$B'G!-H\]6M=:*9(
MM/Q1D:CS[E_K^OR72-1&X-NRK3?MIU.MO-ST+CJ*) ;7$O07^&\[_!-PTWR#





VDS?+-B
;?9PL^G-WFBVNMEGS;YM=J5YV^9]

MXDS+EBU[M52V=+:D6OZIY?
U?:;^N_:$.#3OT[J#I0'1XI,.K
M'=9W.-RQ2<?^'4T=XQTG=WRKXZ<=3]W9_D[9G;X[W?.OO.#._=W:MBI7R=3




/@R^!_XH'2@EI+.EGT.M(3TT#EH!G9:)9:1L
GGTN?XBS<O$Q%9F1F!=]1*8V9^_-/IH]D*O)S<Y=
MS/OR[Q;:%=CYN+ XN/%;TOZTFNC&XTF1J\=TW/



MW(2=$X=



M1+L3+YR\]^22'^[[8?



WXRY_9QQ*NS1]0]/_['Y&]CG<[VFN6/WPM.W:


MF?8;F.PW?LE'GRMN[!:U$G;6H%W#=J+AHGW[_SB$K(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=Z
MJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(??0X])SPW8-M^U-#[-]9K9



F]F]


_[^R-9O





A5S;7L#='AX3?U/']B
MR**3YK]11U[9



2$7@/69VS/


M8L!K$XW\C /'E

S8

#U1O7?0:9




6#=ZXOG^W;&I



MQ'05W77/NCVO4J8W?GSRD1=7O-5
;QGTT
Y'WWQZXN1M@P82P]ZY_]$NKYSO
M.6Q Z$+7(;


B\(*OZ5V:&Z)Q?6=]
MO.O@Z;
/#=H^;D1Q;/#1#X9/[D


M^)Z;.O(ML-W9OYQ4#!D[;\#6]SY!

M\D


\NV5





M.'V+'EL[#-]_27_R8'LUMG%;

M;Q0OV!\[W;*P_
J476]=OK#TAN@#Z4'C^L=NYNX=:S^_1#_+&[=?W\#U.[K

M%Z__D



=)-5O
72?




\[5%N;!


[V#Y_KIGTY[/-VUMYIEH[S:4/SMOQB'+T+\?
MW=DJT_1



L
!%2\OR]9F&!_8O66&?('
]L'(V\$_W<J_;ZO]_7[LT77OV@O:O<O&VE;%+:X%*X9N.??HTL\_
U.
MCQF6:5-Q_<&5:R9:TZ=?* 3OI;MB-3<
8H\O?&1H^NAH\=V]CRU2'YI8A2T

Q$S;#N5W3+F@V_7]$G/7%AU[9U3USX_

Z]V
MVO+D2\_O.(.]^$B[;+


&??CN
&+$CK&^!9OM[P1:)E?N84_KQ\XSDQ\.\[WV\A=S


52.:4\?O&?KYO(D3BO%OI=.G!1Q3



+



M\$$YY[F/9^_K^LU+





=.)==^S=V?WROF\RU.3![^YJ


MN;[OG._/V7NOO=?Z+L\Y]S6N\2._QO.\]U/N\3[OR


X$*R9R*PFPE^=N-QZUNWJF 9=JO0^8(JDU13Q
M=@J41\8@G1


W IO0[:OM_0HJM)W\T?690UHK^X-EHJ^IJ&YYOU]
M;_BBUU9SP*=U&ZW/JP%.*!==42'9+:II@B*BAHS/44\L^56_=N#DT;1F#$X%


M[:TM

^





O8'-K_&4V5U


QPY0F\@-6RC]0N'J(.28RF1YGAN



M:-50^9_?


6Y&PC&A\E9XF<
+W0O5./
;^V
C


M UQ2=LU&L+0^I0VJ49:-5I8-7PG&M1/BB_8/1T-\$UW-73N-DVIM;6VAXNI*
'

M^@5:M
%B@H?_REUT(TOJ5L'FXS*=V]G^#'* :](#TN)PPX&1.I%DY5S
C+P6
MEF[SHBE'5XTKC!C@M_(J$QL9&!_HSSN1%QVW73X+'=&87JUM)[=U!ZX'+';@

M5VT-8&


M)]TQ_VRO&)46+_&4_\K<=4;T%9B8^V-7&R@M9

_;1


G2D_:E.2=ZZ/R(XJ=2UMVH.(Z[:0?:!
XT9:
M]9C:L\KIPY6Y*WX[QY% +%%\?9F
BA^.MAL_Y5'U70;3!)[W%)0LOALP;Y&2

M%H5P/##77Q
C'TF

^RJ

M?_*6_CNW?_L7

M)+J2C)/^W-WK+

MS16UCZ



+SP0:19A!E$0%Q X(I&.O _Y\XKE)F5
M1[

UQ1_Z3[CHU(69^D
MN'XQ]EH?WXD[&Z7_





*^S^A-_EJT32P7BO3CQ7H+EI7\LB&AG[U?H(/#L+&]M&M$<C


M'WJ&=A99




V%Q@_@P
MQXP]B



MC8XA#L(60^Z.J3O;T[Q[\JEGZKZ9_%&








HVK)Z?%+SHP3NJO7 R]CAB
;YBL-*L0)
NNI$=*71<WO?[?[R+R+;-XWO
M]X4[OTZDGY%,/14L\5N\%<5+'P@Q?NG10[V-?\Q*Y+S9=\I94]156DPE? D
M FM)8J+A4LK6X0J/O+:XF)@X?+S\VA%HB6M]FU?A*;/5WN$; _.+WWBDAI

E2^20PS40%-BQS.&#B23

M=HOZ0V]O?RU=XZCAZ3]F\\*



MKW1NX+UD PQZ93$:CK^2R.\1V[2%X/L2*_AM?-#2U3Z'T;)6;\%E
'P17
MKPEF81MZ1J#ALXOI$UNSS



7'V/?4D= #N;V2863R
/S
6*<QB=Z__BNX\DWC^QX@
MX5: =J#*'=KK(--LZR$NHTSYCI8_#:TY5.Z,7T=;AY51E,!:@V=)^R[^41 



M=:HE#]'_$(P46S4VW%:*X]\@.;[

9$T&. U]GCL 4JG\)T3;8?1V;L

2U]Z9[9XAYE$M\$P;YY N
(3:/$%(




WG[
DYG/+D$J\?
M)


EP1[#FL#24
$:;MZM5^:1/\3!
M7G;/+LW'Y]QP883[5 1YO/*-I]E-G_4#M:80^1Q\K:D&22V-08YIGL[O=;_K
ME3E










Q2*FOP1F2
E?ED3&26;U7=J(=7N61


G_$('V6ECAY??3I%P(O[$H;(Q%V*9\-@R4EG!C] V+V

M6?.^E__R[;Q/=W@K#T#IMCIXC1\3'/3RH0+9#

6#PI

M@?G@8QB$KH/7C

MG[9&WSIXAS=Y5\ GKP(T@\\5_+:-)&VB



A;RLF;IYC7$0[R?HK/
MK3
2HM-F?3(U]WP31&
-:N]VR PF%K#;'@]OY'PW'CPI9=+4Y=#\*.Q5GOR;


MXD!&Q2QLD^^53_BG(;2??](38ZOZ=4S7V\I^)@X_.5&4Q'1/6BG1J.%I'X&.


\
M<2)25]^BX&@DA?:/

M

M(^


MNN(8O@[


M1//%+QV)L.?Y









M:!HN[6@UC7%5&/ Q:NE?-(5^Q5=%=?U'+ZKUN@&R(




*




MMV]K?_TM:3D/^]:N
C3AQYV1N5

;.Q7W_




M&!2(N*WHRO#U1;R1?FCK&K*BP3QW872_2EVHPOO
7^^^IDCD:ZU'.'C
*%20


8BS4^;ST[98XF$PJ4;4.9-_J8-]O#I8$N6RVA!D[&&RYH


O
MARI5%!]@U- %=[2*4^EVDF925][!0U@=*2.U0








F/K





M:7E)%


_85XQ'[!H)4I!



I!.;*C@I

8=A59%QB;4^6BOVB

#XN)!=XD;Z9A0B#Z,
MT-9@3P3D\DVYFW#V\VJXG
NK0_1 M20?AS8Y%?UU(:E*V %I3M1!Z:N#J&A
MB:F/4[&%-Y\+Q

_P4YYT).:_F=9/AA D'?X1$9N'?H6.@R-HGMF!P1R





D5#N:U


V^$LRZUK&L

+N N#\G5%#5=V-SI^'
MUQ48?M?)QY.;TG)KS1-RF_@G%]6V?;+LM/O[(A9PUJ^.#VJW$#XB1WE.[RY



O=+PA&3-M3GE

D)F1F=*1Q
GWQ\H*ANN;TW_[D_1IJ:
M151V!FJ'-AQGQ;5FNOEB2ZG8AMKJ[4^)) S*$)AS7KZ



!H84!
V[
0U[&J:Q=

RZBG/!XJ]
MI8U

*@XW

,'VWHB6GK5X8L<-5?B8+5QDWSZR!N'\*
MTK^;O;NNWC@

 M7]J+^Q9_-&YPN;)




*Z!X#M:V[H^$O/H9I#F2C'




9Y[%&;M=#W)&,I(?/R%&O4



V2=4)7J?4J:-%KU/2_:L7/\^X4]S\T&+@T6*

X%]\T]M'=.!TDH^ RNA72YD\Y=K:(B*
L)L<GMQK.RZB
M6P,ENN)#)+76<U\L[S#(Q$(Z];#I8$9YMT(P_@TX&&\\;['$9W 5 CQ65[V

MX(IV_
8\$I1%JEM ?^F;I



SL+L.[Y\4/TA*BC%S6


Q+(LF.(N8&W.:8:I6_HB2






=C&944^\$PI0GL:*MS$'G\F0Z4*Y


M*]O61=F[@TT[8AP(!@XF-=D8D1'L8]-@HMJ 0)#@TA"$P&4'O-B8CV60$


G[_
DO
^%6





SU=OZ%[+G3@:
MGM8$#XW1BN74_!
_;HQ/




M#2?.6MMOIP\-3N@TV-@@IBU


MY[5Q*VNOIS]87! 3M12Y[S!+U0;NU=:\G!!;0P
OAE*/WLQUR&IG^PIT8Q?6
M06G8 R@\8MMI.$DXQ

M






MD4;G+WF-H]=6F2'U-?.4 E:247)4J[XC!B3=:T=_E/AB_7ZY7Y4&*S:Y2DU6


SOF
HVR&'C=1
MIT-W6G#WE@+
16UAH6 88=X)Z;GMA\V$!=8_8)WO77\@MQXRQ_AYI=:F+035

MIW!+'F(QNZ*4^30GDGG%N7NI*=!$[%#Z3G])9\/C/





MN]CJT1*]SC
OOT2;S)C\^_[?ZPJ/:H UJZ21]?H?_$%. =0MF$FFAW7L'$AW



MI[5#VC^\]XC5L





-NM4


A*R/CZG43
_.P%?\):UL
MZ2N8


16AEE[



MG:#*#LF5T%=?8[[[?.2
#CX+@SO[T4:M\6A#)MYNG_6:C.;:O92JO\!
OCP5

N;OPAHWUGH:'ST9T V&P-(0

L84C'% ]P7$R?LY_Y%9BB2 D



MRMZ'X5?3^70W-X$EQ
DE
N/[^Y

M'Z\X::BLQ:

/6F[%

MYA2$N2D8.1KAT7)C:R




!M
M2FKEG)P35+'J-KHVL3W3LHHAK





MC)6#_UQ0?&Z*K?

M?2\[






M_ C35BSXB

^6H%L./)
M+V&:1NL=B
\C

![LA



S6WHYDFURQ-OU_B@#8($ K('?VT'L&3_P.VLP
MKI78@.T
OPP(+]VJ\H^\93#'OCX^




85N8F42,-MC/6GB.31)/%-#N94Z-R7H(UATI^BF^-V-JZQ52O2171._LD

-








@S]VQ!8JJJ+_



S
3(
 %[MP



]TG]K^P%-F2/[UJF,]$F=SDGE@_/%=;)OV2)]VD

3\VHVC
M*1EZM[+AS-AT)J15T5;==
4JBDQPF[/)4(XQQW/MSXFRLIG6ZK)L@!A
+8JRW\?Y3C4&MV6J7X Q7]=*S[_94RBZU3&(3Z$(

Z7*Z;DKHGLZ+^!=SGKP

M=3XRP^L;RF9LPS37O6ABQ\IKS)LPMMM&A;F@1PM/A81Q*;Q'XZM1AS8WQU=K




--U65)N
I.NQ3(4XA;VDP$R.T$=PU*ZTV&?L
.(Q
M(7K@C4YA2DG2H?N*F\-*MWN5N(K;LO&SHD:\QD C$[[462VP=A)3NV%(PA+1









+ZM:T+'.JL:)!
M_3
&

&;R=^KGBR^NTN:1TR





3.I!S$




MMZ8*N'2IY6OLKP4W(KBT(IC)7E?_=2R-8R=@O1P+17:5:8;)'V5VKYUX:+
MZ



M:B3;&-V[P\7(/G%U:S:']B?+=V+;EK$-2W%/GP4M_FWH8))V@3-998#0P]



$&/\*A

M




M
U41UZSM










\XSSI\
M4E 

^-:92@?VB5W*.X0M\AQ#J30U0?,21BBY0S



2@PU.QEF;EB 6A%;9DNCM2I-\NN3GCA9+&!\#3Z[





=

P;


8D;OXHCM0=+SWI'=
3=!+]@K.P;WK
5\R8COVNH
M?


MU:1



D


M:*@M*!+_)P 3Z:D=MEK==3L!.[4S=BJT7+#D@9?
J+!WU:S??[/AB#821B=^

M(1'5+D4@





M50;3*&2BH1-)A*6MK24B58?N3M:857_Z$V%*9^4&T5NGL*'_I8A4O?;@U5'M

8^-<0.=I

M4QL)]H-U98PY%-AVAZPAJF -L](7BJ&M0TD7X]OYWNNV1@^4Y_ P)L\;VL:
ME-TG?G[^D+EA%XQ.J'V32IZ=_OZO;M58ETQ





7

M0YGG$2@3L5.A5[PH+K-RHU34/U_:';5%ALO8^CFX1$NBF'%()$L!R0]H0#EH
M_MKL]*\


MREM-35+=1(:N-T.DQ?B

MC(SV? =];SA @?!H 73VLD3B]MKB([R=5N+;[8(+RYF6\\GX@U2OH;M;W3]U


POU4:)&/^Y4'@TQX
MAL76S.KQ-L(./?3


I@


K:J;?S*+7Y 26AU'@2N.FWYL*=NCR6

\JB
W@J=.2W&YY5/VJ@/LT[=BF],KQ458F-K<3%_MYFL&P!$,!9@V 6!8$

MMI3N-N-D6IU-]?3+( P9#QB4G9








Q'7I7
M!M)-- [ ZOA:R\52
YX&.-OCY_\J+E]N_S)I/[B7X-@QOKL\T7'KDO_Y7BO7



:1:6$;NS*C@C;#
M/0HWS0





M.Y:&&7JS
:DLZ2N7R;&9_2RZGO:[O3







5\SU$H$





T&_W'
Z@?U[[%D_01)$8Y0AQMM


[NB+]=RDYM0[4N&W?;%YKHBNC&94LE2L\:D0VZ);P:@=\NG(1-QWBQFJ






MU-Q1[?4A@KY)QXHD^F9L


]1)*K*HS?XF*U\*:QKWZ+O?7U-$.K:992T\ =
M0D \JGT;;2#X*))NXR(;XHJYQ8P3=#5[7I]M.PI6UB(^92
0B
I-UN?:VC70
M[S_(3&A.+S*X4*+[ANMQAA*Q.VU 7S6G.T
WU-\:'N=LQKSR2J0QG0B48:\A


L?SS55:58+D@AR$XC
M(BK[OD

 2$2 ()


MQ:/]))DRN?/MG*]C]G+^!#

M


MC]TJT


!_SD45I V#-+-(N)032MXT-FFV0K
MS18#M
?-8DA:L3!91JC1H7Z/RI.28PY4:[9I0KKU#0B7_
'!+W&$=ON6TWU7
M\6V-V-*Z\&.:2

MB\;10F**6#@JJ-N3N&0]GE\),V(U-H.[[]VN7.5MJ0'FKC1PP:5W(M 0:.




MARL
MV0.ZN

FK[=*:1W/(-M(:_A4?9_M@W!













E_S




SD_:85[-/.M?U/J[F1_8^?G-F0*48M#@Z
R3-!X13;9DT'7)W04S7
MLX]_Y7__ L&8N(\MO,!-^;A!WI]K(=G)\5-@?DS
GF-.!RU5
FUC=4WSFV
MO+86@LF1@UY?:$@Q%4/OQA.K^B)C -58R/;*#*EZPVV-H9*TA2:;LW':(.

M\]K?4
SO[ASZ@EF_.3/G%WY99R



M::VQ6ZVHY;S%XP9$7_ 8V&L0GG
QU0/7E-]0XV/L!_N8PJ[




'H[D5O1[VQ+
.
N+6



.%$SUK\$MKQ1^]1H2EQ^/4T&OR2MO
M\K!5!23IK

5*.U+C%%!A+N+^


2O)R6




MG%Y-XI\/?KVG%G0;#=I&Z'0%7+NF:)614YVQ6KA:H(.M?H0-\!TS[
=[.1H
M.3T_XV-J'$]DAQT;')UVB^BK/7+J(]WBR1T.8
R-X)UH4Y#Q94N[P5L%)M'






M[\@'X'



MIF)EOFJNS;=W!QO&3 M7EQ

M:VRZNTXYOH:8NQ+%!M41KE$P:!TN7J7\ LTEL'X ?FK\96503H.ULXE([6W+

M
$[MZ89(



M%Q[5 X?N.:?!FVNKVTSOV8=%V_1F7LV1#1E[*/QI

'2D((3@:7$@)K3.8RDD:-'V9<CI3D+6A?81@W(9I1A6)I7D=GA/*(29
MLG&:$6+P2RCF[+0?'NX94

M




M5#Z@

MNE7(]?$2DN MLTW3@


2%CB[;EOP@)UX]X/=:(7

A2N.MW;B26CD;



S

O$B^WM

98

M:+2_



ML\ '%6$6L9:K!.TK&-Q
2+1;3=O4EZ&L
#=R2V45+F
CR]D7-'6S-6*)Y@^C
MQ=-D'N\ FW2:H57:A0%S8GMINZ?_M7=VU1OD.,E4?#T+BU$E)30I#N

M
5IS'A$= 0+GL*8<I%PO+'J?NA]+LNDG'YFTD4!73=#J@^K I8
MZY?;O(N8T/4
M\[;3JFO*.QS/T1]9N]?*\89IN2:J\


MNR'%K_J

M)%M5MI^=$);+IK@N=WL[N5-V::

MJI=
.(_XJRA?:R^V FD_FJ21JU5&S.E] MN5YM;Y\J0QY7O&WCF;7E^W'%(D
M9AY2/Z^6%JCMIVO137O*PF;IJ9?7.C42_7E'=J8*HMU7.-FLI:?(W\;\.LO
MZU'-!L$KJJ&';JC%]M.*R@_=D05#NW/@%QS0_)L% 9NA$!8@8V:!&
YL?%B



TNE\6Y\@$+6NI

M1Z_\IM0S1IRF8Y[!60[$B5WA'6S&H?
!ES9Z9OB @^#@GB]S?$!/C/=J^8&U
MHD$K

MK

6:A/OG;?9$MU*BIBS:S]TI2\/Y
BO

M=L


)+EE;-?JIY^=GW87

P
*OLX?.O418ZC/.:X)S)GK@L^SULU94_JICXCG+P3:]PM9SQ)8#\

M#3JI&^(=

MD;I8!M2[5+6=H$G\-K%N(ZJ1*%F&\B,$5GI4M%NAJ+=,N!^[SY/!_X6L\!S
M,H]6L '@1SNVMK::]#]MT-H\+URZ_F#ZYUQE8N(B_B-UCVMO%&!J!20BYYY





5F-9XJ=#E
6U\0OSU.
AW?!F2JN
MY=1FXSH^H#S.)ATLWM**B5W%U[GM@.]B?1
CSMV9[21I9PFZA^*-0^M7HWP6

-8$Z?-/.1Q8\I[X4G
Y'Y#^R\!AX![\
R\*]=7\WA:-



.ORRH;F.AMJ



M*3&NW@(I*LSQ]
39BXN=!449.26?N]K77-?P(1WCAKY17:;;U):ATO31EL6.
MY/
+IDJ;8)HKJ6H2;1)=&ST./?G@P023K&(
#-A!A5^[0/
;XWJ8CCUK3S'Q

MWQ5K

2WNZ.:P0V.\+PBG

M? 3

]$U 3$QCF:
8$Y8 X
M%2_;BB$%

G
MP?4U3$*_Y5

Y
-66O4


K%';:]FT2W6*L)/0KLY*X2U=CS!3\0+C
M=8VRNZ)VJ]KIY<Y 7@-M*@AD?X,P'?J4UM?/;:O'+Q2SK':\VL<3$07.G0MB
M )F)_.N+J.






BT[:&+KVG;D

M[?UTV D'BJD]DD5D)Q6Z8
IT*!M/IC+W]22.O$^94ABHXB/]^\A+K1)Q3/.X
MU];0TG*5FWFDE+%-.Y



M.M1
K;0T/


M].-

KR2$T)H?P$
MF-D.$Q;1G_[T?WSR]]Z+D ZXXAQ0([D)MT< D(QI[UE<6O4Q% W.OM6W\K1
M
Y3]2Q:=YT
BU7L3$IQ?7$EWC%IL^U)Y 1A3%/?SKYXZ- '\+!1:?%.,%H

]A'UL[OWMXGD9!OSN#BS(!D_%
MEH*TS29**




MWD7!Y 3Z*%XK!2*OU2K&U++Z!!L$K3=D2X_]%S!IG?8DF5))L 
I6$NI..[E

HGAT\AA^EM:]'UQ6Y?&D=6
MBX)S3$LY%D((J/Y!2?7JS\0SKRFUK^9ENLM3%WD8K2U9*<PS6&A+?GTH$US
M=@+^(!!8S5%YB;G:


A*2U#!7/-J_WUA^ZN4C^ZH%5-?/[8JB.BLN@


MO&+'-==#KT7%:;:MB[S/GA(A6$KBTT)I:%]!IJ5=$


126#P(LSX
MM 2GZ44KMV7VR:K^UBASGO(M=J,\]=\J\QN^\ JN<# B9%KVOU?FWZ!T)\B(
M%1W]C) ,F7VPGSW]F$+O_F'T,X,ESJ3C5NUR!LQC3QCK!_\AWT *F#J.T. U
MV85&F-TU%V*)#0;<6. #

M


MPN



*9SR$-=QPVK%L
7DF


MZT1U.^/


PY#\%DO^PY$8Q=C8J!VX
S:YH&L\7ZWVF30




S1(-XT6J%_$*]-UH

M'^4#








MIV*E@.99]X_I\Q3Z:.QXK'1JSXIZS/(PC8C+Y@-DPI)WTT(W/9M^..;[)K
26S@,?0Z<+SWE[\C<[*<0'OAT\&E_S0P[9(:7[K'U[L
M_^4:W+H;;_ZV*%CJ^$)7XAUC^?\SKS(E&O9G1]Y_EGQQMGTEP-[9T]1N92P
MAJ$$T8W-?A[[X$I!9O]Q[:Y-4 )FH;P_SDE4TKX-UX*[L3%NNF.E+P#XOK_



MP=. Z1#%NH


*
'QZS;WVG
MF7NH5IUFS*#Q6D

M=49
R+13269-
BGTEO
/'H96E5RNMU%[8R91=6%_P369#4VRIB?O111S
MI1X'VKKJZ92,'DEW,[Q1TN@S(\%Y/<\+BG#EFGK5K-PE''0P@=\'TRM<ZM$






^35&:(9O;\C':'C&#NHLT18(8W^V-'6MHW?/TS1X
Q8
MHNY:B




MZ(*



MFO!

$Q.U;+*(DT-B

#P^\B<K(
M:45\.CP[=#\N)GU;YE]0)@9U39-G'S&NHL0L@)*G3+7HNF=CS;\GS
0OB/-

&H


M@=)=* 2;PNZS:0ZW1UPI).];#Q.*)Q-
93L7G.$EQ:WTB9SN&Z0QK5R3AF5K




MW
$LB3/QCEF8K&
M




MH%=K


M[S&@?Z#


M[WE.BKAY58W/G_#S4*




D]2A&VS?=-0GUDEQ#[F
M\2YU3N\@NOL8
G9V:EJ,^W4_
H;GO+O=VY!C 9D)D-:9
M;FQLGZT3ESOP0L;-2;S?]A*;BIL.0[?Y]4O3*G6(H$:Q!_8BC&P^./%#D)
< ^63QY9^W:G<O6/_X4&%E:K5((6+A9+?79]M+_9@
MSHV6.FTNN+=-Z!0F[EB@F0M;18(/;.%'B!%/VN'C^DL]#H=A&%A R&ELKV4
MHE 1T912H]-$=US6JY**\/#7@^ANYTSJ([&SX
.\UJ$!ZHUX\H6R$.XI8Q


I8''\INVG_YP_LDK











PH5139.8.*






M7L+O:*XT
@)^ 3JO0Y6=5ILJKRJ

.IQ*HO45.?<H;::E+4Z_6QUC1DKIK'W
M,&\)SM)['/W)M;N5O95^R]0;[2:G$ TSS@&G $_C=/)O=
.^YLM\O\MY\)[
M8I/K@VVW
2'G

MT?2;66$HA8%;^;




[:IB/IN


)=:#[ZV\M&-OH1J=QB .F1HH

Y[!RG'@5
MH(%RPRCM4^EEBZV9O'3C:DA?) 7PN3T 1



M7ZE


5Z245

MKJ
]YWFJ-R^


MU8ZF0@7&

;[2@?MGNIS+:'L48)RLS'?R+N.=PU!&&&&
+V&#U8N(#*_,<3(M%@:BU!9LM.DH!=#L#0_&$D]\0YSB+HYHG
2XX]N
M''3 GQT*(V(=2N\%3-?V2;KZ6.)L9Q/'4#I0%JT9;2IYG#?.;P7)QHT$7D




M'O&


3)S1:%8WJ0ID][G?EK30@B+-^OC9R3RI6

T6N[&EC
M7 +& '8

5C)16 \VAIV^<+T 8_J2M,Z(TK-;I1

MO@Q@5.A?LHW;+#1L=%5SC/269ORE7B2)HB%[8]..;YVU4$OVTWNA/[\F
MZ_6NN9W;1#$65HK\94.T=D_9%U-%=\Y@]M'^;?FON^#_2**






M+EC=;T(!%;YU30HOQ*C(2WQ\O^CBY;L7*YIL53BNDYY(1RGNR$


MN#JGE[W64V3HU4%+8.U$U2SE=5C%Z:!W8P6\?J-3&=HCRP3G@+W);\T8E]N/
M :ED:AG5^



QYTI

M[\-5A393VL8?37@7AWH1L?#5IDIO'V[N!Y?O\1'+MF=/)$_+8R!AOH&X=Y
M$GZ%UAN#22XI^+

M$?Z5''Y0


G6
$V=2-



4NF_=].!C-P3+\];SGKQLC6M@E\&CBEUW6;
MJ[.<$]N$UYWLWUM''#!U*V+//)=]@LIAC%]9^$W;2#9N %3OP3Q:200K;Y1



M&2'@4S'@



M@.HY4V5K 0-NT$!;I[TR+;Q.


M=N
4DJH





M9TJ*-AC5UP87[0O@2IG1
)5UL I

SJ
':,ZPI#Z C%3.+PW)U,@6B5AHR)OC&G,D<TSE94@TUGE'D\/=BC^\6[S
MM?*;7UE(ZQ<6MF8D\/;.0'17R01,@XG%S-^Y##MZR?7U/_/XEBH8':KQQX
M+W#?A=
*V+2QQZ^
BU2$#)%-H7B+W)[A4[B-B$J\&-RY:U?7'*Y_D4Q7ADO
M

MM)%&9C=O*YY^S=9IVZIC97-R*1A=R;FW
9G.B[;N34;\[U5?XHK-I?#6H


6Z7;&[&



Q//'RK@&8T^=
H


M,-U0BK0<0&W-YS@3'S9)OME9'$0!M;D4;?JFB?*1.G2%9;R(]M%:H<0@VHB
MFQ\B^AQT5IZQG$M^3\E?2&*2?4J?K0;[Z]+KIG4M!^JY.*[4]MWP/H&9E5^_


M.B4\%ENDSVG=0AA7P#='1T?CM-3\LW_!;^IXG.Q.I&HC'76-MM*2K-^'[5


A!


\/7
MK$ ];1D8[8:H


98A
M/6(#Z-J:T&N9%$;%9BVAYIB#$U9HK=CNV*2K3-(=73HK98ERH-894^YAEY
MW+O\9=K
CNQ&I(P8&I%#YZ58#P$;[B??%BX@DZK =MINGAA0PUF^TKT[9.









MV4@VYHES$[[*T9]DI4LI=T1Y99:WG=--\NU%)SGU.'N]*FZL=NB/ LLYJ@R5
MUTB$5ZEXH-NI

M/\31J\]EF6)R

Z?\?B[Q0*SWVYJW52
M#O'-.;

-FIM$YF8*MZ#?!%FC37VYDDKEKBLO:=3$
M1X'B)]W%G^K$NXP\%NAEFAB=9B_T/


M.%#.BPW12VDF9,08W,O&EWB\8W['@&\FXLW2EB-;N1($B=4E#

MK3*==3)1ILD%-N/7/AW*DM])]
QGUQ



27

?8:


M$S['5:E/O9.X1IR7YD3I@T5JIZ*;*1 [D&ZQ3LEB5]@H\G6]%NA\V[!_Y!5P

MCO)Q=M$K#?DN*5XH#^&B.ENB2^KSDUE_@))?2/QN[P[%]90/Y8I(P&]XT6-
MY-AT*F\
U9+X-A'W:2 !%*V\<^K6
6!.)EN;'6O*0
!E+HZ'


G-N\1+E^P1S^A3Y==QUTK7-JI



&3NG5-?8/
+N

D2Q9IQW

MW(U(^RZ'(RE[9'O)NX0!@OM71I8

MGTPX4?



-J
 KFW
M6Q@.S6?)GHU'Y:+W]4O'5A
[\2^*?ONG0\^_@IRRVT!?8-]N0^'C#:E1WQ]@


%+5J3B)KF:QMH;D-Y.;9D3GIGN2:CX5V,;(D+4]]LRL@:'8_'
M9!O5I9*./9X
/?E
M%*(T<6V4UF:]&R#7I,]S+R,E5/Q\,#^!R/5HS/@PV[[OG8W=#MA\+5/3=V4$
M7%^,WK<8G1=W*E7:NER]@ZGY .#JZ6




ODPEZS?2.! 7^8

M% IH*




MY9G;=0:V5GWWE

PH,V5K3#L
M%OP2MKZB/3+%'16<3A/KZ.R@(DR)V2Q+LRV$JS9];O[?P9\N<R[S:.Z/&()


MG=/]ZD=KU


M\B(.A'UJ8ZT0F7L(;YCY79)_[.%6ML292JY6L;


8J;I+PE;CVG
'K

ME

MJH*UETS$0K]H'K4^7'*I+GT89
G=8O:J^XNIGMCDM^':6FWDF*A2QM[2W3GZ




-(X

ML*=P#R9F77'%\;K!/5CP&7.Q34^]1!N$NV!8*B^)L]]7 6.=-PKBF/F5ZZ
MSLKN_/EQ*6V%5R4VT07Q1'+1=2]74TJ1_*ER:X0#LM'J^G\'&/TKR*9F7E]$

8]JC;F-NM)+1',PPJF7%#/AL 54_?WQ
MY;5 P?9H8+5KH3^N8!*?[CF$@_OU171U]5G?F.E!3\=UF*J/]TJ&&UD_'4+

MY\PW[BF_B]IHKP6%.K+H5HB%;9Q -_(#8F?75KFJK:57MC








MO.WJ98MG)2NE9PYE0.DQ&SE\H*
/&IHW-AJV-07&6NR)_LCZ1NIOO6
EEVVJ




MO990XQ[^

MG7%\W.[QG*F41*QCI:2[]J
+


M+0+2WRTW%BL3JR9)T8?2W!


1JOF?#I_6OFQC+JNC(

ES3C;++'%7(K+KS_]O=VG


9[R-M7J*-!*]N$
PHJ WO40.=7IUOO
M=*L8

LT_!FBTA
^?+9$!34I;(?:=-\A#[+W1Z7F9K3G5#J/E

MT8F]CUK+FCWJD#L#-%(CPCB; 83U$?S:X[H;[8RYP%L
-V/J@(!W#&&1RX


#+!A*\FB
MHN1V892-[(O$#HE8F3A#T $^R+.M0YGDC0Q?V..'L9;CC'VPO?:]D(3LJ2+
M]:0/BXZR-:#&-7JUQP!D=7Y #.B_O%7\Y=MF+$H0Z#ZELV(\BES5RTE9J)8
M8KW   VGO03FH]#;DC.)


M[[V#VLRV?%%Z.C@;TQ@#)AV






M@0

M.OXX\ AB_U*61VU%6UEL@=N8I#I@VLAM P/#*7]GOOHI)X#@E5'#'*2]!1H.
MY1#QG/H=:HAMD
'C&OZ*__M?B_P?^.%I6/R+9K&7(H%4E*(6P'.#E-Z55H/-

A]G
+




'Q9;K

M'RIY:;L@^[VSF;4RY5(9J;X3IM$4=&(]H$*W*4=Z@!YQ:8_RH*UB0*5QQ/PB
M;-,0C$LM6#LL0)QQU[\@0'J#0Q1!E:8O\X;0Q%6ICI;C^.WB2[D&0XQI7:
MM3D\2NSFZT\P@GNG?6#@E7CPO-PO/MQ&V6FASOH/A;BP1W;!JZ\O4AAMNH+T






M^BY5^AP8]X*3KH$R-[E3S9M!A%?);4(6@=.EF_


M*&U:Z*L^\*86B(/9&8V$36=!DW


3L]%
A4UF6)OI&7:I%43CD0ZS)CW[NP40KT3
M


Z/$4A

VQOHTK[B6'I673 N31XJ%CIH



MN_XX8-)JTTWOI+_+PZB9YX
7(


QN]77S.QGVN&[VE<W5V<;_?E#6L[@\3

3]ZCE9^.C
O[#7=?LA?


M7*?#&O4$R

M6*FW

5KSWEL1N\5JVH#DRZH6EV32Y#B

U(@5;&
0SFJQE$^X#D#NDF


:W $@^8^YD\9S'JIGC]6;

=3BP

MGW*NI\7(-A[;M21+8X[H*&[%J=X2A_?]9XQV .C
8_
V^UT6NQO5KA [Z4NQ

M1==D'XT-_D1YZPFC2N!-FWY?%AG-
.7\^'N(MQCG#N:0Y2[[40INN]R[L
M##$$\)14=IF09Z_^JSKTYANUG(A3@Z-

MV
][*=UR
[OY1R!=J2X5F7++R6?E6Y'Z-]_IWX@QM1?YX2&
HJ+5^:AR*=F5







M5!A1?/N

MT7B!^K!!K_G6;


RURZ(Z0


MQ7L_\(5.

/_0XA
M^55.W\
0 FI[^?



5+*Y,V--YE5@4C$*H6S^M(/ \*
MCOGN]?W]5*?^P3H )Q=:N.Z;79=F\_R]/2J]D3-3P4'?V/S@L+G$-$B\346








N+;)7?




M X.=O0_6MAQ%XDWN^FTY7M[




M6B]P5.&6-N_DEK;M&) 329LZW#YVI

@=


9O7)5JGP6
MVO&S)+$UD0&$F6&&(V8)UYBSE).3DYN0


RO/;\'[.FO;A(#/)'[T
MC
@05CGRU#I%N1$TPG)6F@VUUIVG(U#KQG6MQ=83LPCJ


M-87WA*8&G3X46% ];A..K^L-%


4'L$+P< 





-]BKN15[#5

M!\%O'I9AJW88N]P\EI:6=ME7_9=)\^N1G3V

#Y87O4RZ+CWO#%_3S8JH
M)^RTG4TOJ++M6E



T-GE1Z







M3LZA(YPR(&J3IUZ4.\F2$@A.#N42?D\##K&AIW)6YD=W[DB]P:DN\GPWJF/1




M\Q&1O2B'YD^XR[?0=KK9B55Y:W[MQJAWM53AUL1E[YW7.IOIY;LV!Q73YSRJ


MS/!S)YQ]V_K-=
WMH66&@H
M+3:S&QI24E)P^5;&9B$-976KFQ8#ZLK[$J-R'N$_C^KW\S






M1ZQ,UO;#;.XN46V, ?LI-



H4ONNH%;037
M6,1)X'YKU.OFYGF/;?W-QZC?3<:;M6=3U7UNZ5E&9.0?R^S*8[0_*%2_6W/

MJJMQZJE/E.C.^7

SZ'%*MNV%<+EJ8<!$G_QCWP\W9[UA=P](^PFHX8VFNCS
M3GU[HC$3O$&3#F(ZYH

U]1=SGE\8^1_.DT@5E@YCBV!CSX-2PI/
MV\^UC%P.M
Z7B\;K2-%



\:9




9GRF:G\WE*!7GK3 ^4477-C
M$$KF<78SX4.M)Z1/;6*MGKK2CI@/J4]1/J12FKNCIWT4(W+Q0WGF#]0
6)6
Z 8%/9(M8H+AHK?+Y0R5OQE?EXOUEV=/,!K*S.C/QDDX6&
MZ?E:$DEI59:OF!F-?J.:O WPWV^![]4'-)'T6TU4!]AB^B6/#J&2E\JQK 6^
M%..90&5KK%(%%(00[,GSL7E6SBL:!,&UM,X6)+0=:!^=.(N%G3)F:G2O',D0
M.M*EJK&%J(4ZGQUB2)ZF46( :7%Z;99<5W_:3\0T(PS.1/89$4B F'Q@J'K6
MWT*3,)[%]-0NTIM@KSBV^PXWUD[,W&C^\NYI=*Y8W#5UJ9GT]!8KI.UR+W8

$-$Q2ETEH.TTE)J63?TB2A
M%!7!-8IYI:G^*N1D(%T=C+EU_1H_/4)W=X=;K8%KX[208_5 D
XO%_YY=E4O


P._:

.9:3TPDN
MK=:3@
)=73T0IK1/GS[%R('-S





M71&RH:GY'F





MLVRB(O6OO8TN=GYK]=)(A/D





N?9ASZ0E+;2N4W



_!F
M^[-6NXW!HE+H$UP7?N4VUGG;A?4HUP*MB:E8)B U\T4*7NBS0KNJVDB




$SC

G87ZP9D69/*$O%W

FZ7%[19!N^9QMM1V
A%

MN4-V^-!^&#'#YKVUG5E[%@@3T[MPEY$[HUWIEQRFM[PZ*E#_'O/HT*1;#:=
M?CAW
GB]/2Y#BLU]-6C#S)&^913Q.+ 7X+EB8P+T(YYXMAX\L25%DN$1'#R
M1WOWM N*3OS+1/K.

MQ;^1&9G\TMW\;VX

MVAGT*-T'^P7]H.%GD'6%^N_@@I1)$]]-;%K1$+?Z@77IQ2
I9?!+?W% OW9[

R#)EE

 







T.+94+[;QD;C$E [W46'J_KVRYP %T



+Y('EJ2C!^EZ9
B
FR''(22*37L@3*U@:OA@';!V



MHN


#SDVL.K!1M?0=

I2!3VU/:*
XV6!+AK @XESM:Y#:
MCE8GT


M2U!STHOH#CBY%BOZH2[$N@ZZQ^$O07F]QK6XS)?W'R/JG+=^
KO4Z_#N?:DU

MT\S@Y65;9B@!A 


MX-4ESNXF!Q@WEK\_F]3H&EU75*TXO*!GU*%'$5F!;]^4963/6HA81)JA(R*3


MQ]2/Z$^








M7%.RHF4VNJKN%J.=PXK%7T5#Z-6BLY'_+9!PG2ESM;#MG.=J\).'&UM03IG+
MM8BL/NA*K-9

:LG8U



M!5T79
5YXBE[^H&6MEJGIG'.0^'- 0P5![;['I%^\]*+5?5=]:QL\.*$(S#R



M



=J?

MJC8Q1Y.NR0?E6_

AFEVU)FSX]8:
%!K4X8O<@3N*UX[






MI\D@9$O#KZNCV':&[XW[%GAJXX7% VR+_M ZZYSU5%NZP^Y)L6O%W+7Y\F

H5A$&X!T-N:XQ27[[W.TP6&J= W$TLN&KM6'$7S/L+!:C:Q


4@5GOI834H+CT%+'''+

ME4R&!



Y6[



M=-.839&Y[B/Y&-==R4..O?_



MBO[Z[&;
]/%5HV.K-4&

MOK^MZSA)]
MS'4ORNG0Q1GWUB!)Z^GBGZ;AVD 8U'Q&8+'+\HKIX:L=BM='W%0-RV%YC'RW

]7;6R&AC6?WLE7[7/%B&93&0[H[XG1.$VF9O6Y5+!DR

MUP=MY8SZMFIB)6\.7;=K+K:I3







+(2M@\0=97;!V6CNY6O(MBG34\:3EGE*B<'M

M/?2&
B:S@N66;'*62T;T.YBW-W3T\O?4&VWW 0;
A-,M8)4_TZ8GU8YWM,,6N.LMBZ82
M0F_FSEL@Q/V45L5_^(



M[&H08T4

M;=T;-RQ3Z=


\^]',BM2;V;R&R)G#H]0K2#W6E:T  N]M*//4M3-U7.WT*ES'N%7IQ(


Z8A(5ZW]DQSPKRNT5TO#//+E:XH&+



Q6




 1THO:/D64F9+)G&/B%8FA/T
@-
]:4SO8Q5-OZIAY:8__-H5
90
MRV9KF(OGI1+IC
CLQIN)#94L_/EV-K+$7%T.&&H^+]/=TVX:I*Y_:L4XS1.%

MY!3)=T5TN4ILM$
/

M[G7N \@^7G*\F%MNJ+



@%1)J.WF=
]H1':7
M]=?D(2'(U*KCTF-8R_*K6(B@L;A;KZKN#0M/TX7@^Q\ @$AQ@A=C+1$*'=-\
M1RP^!NY7T4G
:*JQ2X<D=$!NBE0I:-3;%)/_[
M4Z)=S^B)XW\4OAGW?T0R^/^%



M98W&W!L-:=4#4Q\DT1Z\1KP0R]2YD=3$YMOC \X0?1:7Y$S=K7=7%#I,LM4
M*ZSHTXRBNUFYS$IR'J2]M*/ICRMHR?EO3?V]+6$=8;=]=%6!P68N&/
F=47

H1'

MDAM!JV N9R)J'^ ]V67-Z7L2B#'NO9*N4N^!RVQZ:_7V0WDEOI=HU;Z5?=[6




6

6HHVSK#O3'O
M


M2:?4N8!ZDD9J]@&P-QS=@34WRW18/JD+SA@ZCPB;P;J8%J A99GVH
/M%YX?
M51

MQ;K
VJ^3$NV+]W 9
R

8EU&$B:3]W[





MI;!=S3:19!$C*6H-='#STY?*](ZC!0\DAP?!E[K'IOF.8QJ[YGL3VW$SQ4YH


.#V
67




MCSFSE1W(S'.0;\M&*R

M.JV([C%P(QZZNHKGU7T8)'5;4M&A:
.S6+SN3W6[C0





/$JDU)
P.L$3G
M!<,OY858)CIXK 'M?[J5.=RX=D.OZ#\\SU .O9J_U:\WMD.:,9QVBT5+9%S(
MOWWT<^8=K1(U[,N'37+B3I/9IX.;KAO)DUG^EJG(VL\@OXN3W.$?$@YN#
M1#S($LZ&PUMLB= HLU/HT/=$$3S-LJAR_GH0Z0YON=N*H=2IUS99O+V-F-J;

8D;L-Y01C


1'RO/I&^NZ877T_M#UQ%VQ)[T6AZD1

M\QV0XK%ZQ%#U&

MF'?]P\0*TPFV&-7
\-1VU;76ZZT_ 9_U3[7\?DZ=PRZ'LVM)SMD'/!)8-:']




$

%:.^I1U
3X\O=[]?JBQ:-*I(^I6935?WMUF$[J9M-;11QZ]1[7 AT\YA+

=4Y!A%7].Q7A'2U2DA7R!I&]O_2Y(8TY<8
M11JL]U59,_5B6!=^FM@M<'@5OE/\,VF&USG]T9&.)NL=9V?'#2A$MSS.S_E
MH4/ZBQ6]6WH


;:[WVMP/C^'ME

M;%&DAJC'!

ME6[+_%3CSPS/^/
64@Q12KRRP+
'$D-4+=/Z
M*$C,P&HP0WMAZR;J/38,;F4/]#(^]5C(FX;0P-2$//KP;^KZYMSF+_R<O.!C
MP\F7^3)US?2]67#;3GK'%K:ME<[3Z@)U]1%A^;#^2U@ZZ\P5$9VHJ%V(5;=5
M]UE$4- $JO+2_24S_9$G

IZ W.VVM.7A?)V

J-?6Z*IE$IHEL





MCO=



Y'@^+)P

M.CIZWT.;:566.1Q[4F%A-25OA?S)/()-

MV]O'(%IZ2@]2T
6UE

MM:#+(\BD
6?!CXB#0[



V=



8S?(E'&AJJFNE
9#5K.KI/PXGEVB<G'<;


H.P^LT!F_
^7L,C4F.*7#J!USX%X? +:F9IUVL2CDR* 4R QRL[9J4^;J3(2N
MAASM*

M



(&8&Q
M#0D#6_
NRN?S$V5:'BJ.N7ZT:)_E/.!\JD
@2\GU2_2J[
8XHMGS&]^

=^O7^$M?$C^$:AU:\0EV?&KADR]

MJW+:S
BFEQ3P

M'QF]V6^CNR)W-\_





L718KY*R82G
M9L\Y_PR8'FHJW:YLW#%*0W708TFO!MZ-.=&DUCBJ+BE] :G7-_P8P\PBAT^+

R=

:&V] 3.P:&H@D3\6L40+
M!!Y'=J@&!2O<&$4#3)GU6^<$'58=):=-S6#C)9UA
I#P$

MQ
6T5U2%P?KA 3FG'TB4*G;'FM9/4TEF4YS;O1I
LTERG\.TP4%$:88

MVJ/#J



MIG6



74T!$H
M2#27[$SLO/;KG^][L
8?-#P<]DO=:75YU)XYW:+?$U<!O$^PJ&X]UN=RD*RGXRL0EJ_A+
M5U9K-S3)C9E;7NFK?0UQ'! B:;Z

M3[  A3U^2#3.I7L?T'IH






M5 &Z:

=Q


5C56&.+ 
$1;I=QQ8IP''N4




MJIR;@]#/
C.S=_GQ=;?)L3)33VF6.7#
KZ+E(@ZI#;M$0.C[ZW:%QXFN6J&)




HR6#-US(.MNC:=IUC51(8J7?90B+(IJ\X[5HCV[]9P-'N?

/O V@6


(4Y-HE2
MR/Q[3_ G?3R?NP8VO FWA-PC

M4^R+L82HSS@(
#C8WE[0XN=\OMT#4[P8;TR:V]O:W)=&QZ8CI6EJ-4HJQ4
M+(
S'J8/Q^G@\%9AV!13:114V!C0UT%+9=JWS@5INHPWU)6'DC-@6'8HHKI.
M+$'/IZJDA('VZJFKG$ Y+Z:OC+A8I7';K\^6O**WF1X&:@8JZP=RYH3LJ[9V
M%[.=:=):XE3$M '.J &9I1D1


MHIR0PPU]KBG

#YSFM
Z__



V





M?/K\0\DD21?L=:I)PEJAC3K3(%$

MF4Z5_/+


1S6*.5I/&N0-BUZK@S_1)_H-L


BZ_('3W_WE

MKE)P1I3##(_








[/1L:&UG*07YH0G^0M5


MZ6MRBWA4

MG@
S W;M#E-W!!!VX_;N2R6K=C2B8X*V*@@VC76+=$U;7;Q4K/O(*'AMFL


M]!D?*Y@=5QJW_4 DH_2?4IV/73I\[.RYFP=%^F[1G))]G4$UPB;(M.%M7L
&
MF

TOMR]*(V3!(O&2[$/
*T1K@:9

0M]9XKG]7FK_#^
M_TQ=%SIB_83[#M
%3^S:#+4#]M(6




7H3L92&[+X.3FL

MWCP@N14B;

M\]DX0M;0)BE P8!7H^$07SY5JJC9H&8XYMW
4U)I1ZM+]R&2A=SAUY(^%0?]


JJFU[C$Z]3^B$QD[

*95N!H-33(A3?GH6V858B981@^HTDI'8

MG+K^RQ+!5VMU%W\D^

MY]M78QL].

%S[H65TLFCK

(P6/@P? NPO
(]

M+ Q!ZZZ!UJ)G%90.S6K;J.1N]C(H
M33AV[;XDP1KW(F5\4S$'C1U=N^Q4/5
MI(!1;=




M?*IQ(D1CU TG0[
#Z504.=#-G(M^[JK1!MCY1=+9J#
@LQ2
+DEFW\-^XDRI

L%!HW
MH]


M=;'R2HM;


M7YX_PK*

M/3 1XW!UMB 9I5
]3ZY!FE=OV0N@@ /QFY:SDU/#@]#ZD)Q]LG%
)K0K^)
MYIC75GW]AM9F[.&W^B01M6=+'SG4HO


SW%/=0;??M/VG'^7.Z2\(+^75AG&\9




PU6'M
MN#['G!%UA;R-[&;H7]S[/D?4!-2%8.EL-(0'].M;36ZV+QN$47Z]@MOE#8H*




54H5C^!NL)GAG3L=)@-

D97S16N79MMTYBX\@8


INUY0


#F
/


<0$)%M+#A84/ ;9W/;SD25;00Y.
M 0VI61!



MY7RSH#4FGX
-TF2DN7;0)LM'LJ6EX+D:]/%I^4]7*V:R+Y

ME6S(!:T2EO2M5UG
4ZGA%WDXSR6LV:2'.7O32N9-%3:;
C9E 

MMBT/K]/NM4P6J%1:K'KJQ0U+; P.PQXI2\Q)[#L]/R?$\=C_[C2!
V'[(T?

_V2FG*U\T(H* *</URA;-H.F#6)\OHK2NZVJ7J[^V^:
9W


MK]LM6'*]Q_H



#=-85

9XZJ]^\T3D4[%P3&=
MS&CBBC VP/1$%M$ILCM/884E
\(.QZ1@22[G[R;
%!H2SOD_4FX#)Q)C/9K@


U+]2XA:H1_I![!%E&C3VQ
MI&[I%L2WF%7@VMV0ZV8^QY



W.Y5UW1;BSRDPKSH030Y?PC0M\_

MNCZAE\

+Q?R9;\
BQ**^E

MP+J






MYY+&GA%5TB=.1T;=WS[Z&4/^%5UWT'Q/




/M_MABN$GUJ7-GGM!7$ L1!7\[&NYJZQ
MG


!*4FW%C%!U1-P2+0IPKD=P( NM4

+YC]6T_YHYQ:^D;RZDQQ*;51;)KOB#SW6I]1) ]S]


MCYO1I$^E8#Q@N\@ZG@X*Q%1HJM%)Q@G%?\


MWN7-#\]+'[P_]'[?



U


M2^YGM6T\TDL/$'J1(A%21]\3:$UHQC@&ET0E0961CIJH!A@:P%$SM_Q6V_
MJ134'D3\X_ZL/](=NREYS-9,];=SMX1/4Z_LGFO!2)%ZLL*0OBG$R0SM[=
M=*5T=6W23SW-4*D]Q;*Y8D

QBRT!!3YP?*I\?1*6X% ?SNJU3CW$C+B?W


C*C7AJW[9;*I:EK4
T(B6X!M6 3GMR5WN$A#G2JMX3/O7PVU4NG5V
M_VD+\,+$IH^!

M2!S?B4Y''M*^8LB23DM+#KJ5M['?IG=D1R8UE'EED?K!J
69

MSJ:


MP;&G+0SVN*%5\2:6TQO[ATH$D&!RX9I!+B.CU4%YWWY2BUKAO=)K24Y5
-_1


JM:QSSOQQL'V2!%]T;D_P=H)+64$VZ[2
M%G*'O=7Y]D-N4[UX3/3MHLHRK4^UD7PD@K$Z3$?ZTT9:?&X 3/GA=FQ.X;

MR71)PODV-N6U/6B=1%DUM;HS97T S@Z]END#S1&226+\C\05W0O=GF4E/S'*

M:*?6AE6C0=F'6F;SW(7=M^LO_M.BGOZ_N@MEGS*YNY:[ ?=9+;CS5=Y+R%K!

<W!H6=5:C/;F-5W+06TGY@I2QE(=<D1E/W\E
MF[;U**;XP&J5TAT;PF[6#US338[__O-7QUK5_2X:3A,Q(I6];**@T[F9T(N


M\I%#PA:N^*S
K!7='_-ZERH3=I_JHK?I1



IKITWCC+D(F
DSS

4ISZ8

MCXNEE/&+)X-EBJUUE+;KODO#_#+
-GI0=SOT

MF-







M(B@!&P##XM V&7=3)D%EJ7Z[D/!CPOX!A'P(9R :4[(=.5&&H5&XA=3U2J



MOU

M#8=5TPDXJ-L#3-.

MMO[@^GN7;&16:-8


MJ]DQ6X0E3;^R *JR+5==UQQ.D
]B87I^7*.'OGMZ[X;/?LMQG'=O
M["QOF%786WK0X&O$&JYO?3RWO//HC[F:5'OM6'\V&*B3.,P,W1I&:G
I?]





!P.'2@-
M/=ADR.3UJKDV2


M)J
N8S6E?GX\=%-P)K7-X18UE
47SS!FTS(BKI
FZXB!GN:; 4#40A%*[^0J



M$TF!M1

?8S#RA(1^\*1W?E:Y!%+K$[04,KJZ\I7[Q6[OBS.8AC4?POS0[5

1):)G\XQ[4FNIQ]9W65
MJ?YR+Y$Z;S^S-K+[ !MS8Z 4W1MPY

E8U3=*G






VI+9<R<
M/VLFEH6V-T@0R]

M=4TU_9:VC(K(!6-KOU[;Y9ZFE2H,V '1'@*.@KAV/&_0
\\+\&'SY-(N0Y


 '







.^MC8)AHW6UJ4A(LXRT;'

2

_.T$]=ZW7A?58#




MPQPL;Y4
#B55-G
EN1[KOMT]+Q2$K



B4V. F@*'L-XP_%Y X(V3EUNR+$[X*


MO819ME0J 8WPJ*EN*)!HQ0(]4+(9$E#


[]K]J]S%?@1WS$!
<CXCTQ59

PWL=



M;8
'.TUYA%


U:[?CXUOM)O'G6:8O;!JR.BKBQ!84W.M);A
O



0L7J
M3_:-2'J_4J\F(%.Z]#K)^6W97#E==(LIWIJ===$E49.,L'T;H*3&)30:#'

_+-
='@%/RY7I 44R'
M9D!2@L% 4CDZ\5I)=H$QJ;1AF?#I\;1K+IMZ9N5@B'31V3!L J?V=ZQ\Y
MN@8E6?)6#3 L1\=$!A@@_CT3J@YA$.\CU5;KH

+MR&V?-K1K


MFS;I*[-!

V9)
DC?!'WJ3PY28S#OG/:


D=1
M6'H:&:!N20NTX(FZ3Q%YU


W!PC9L.MF(*#
M5DN[6$VRM

M3!'O^W\




M+B\T)O@S9P'DE_EW_XL0CG$=/A%V@NH]RLU9HGK6IU:EZK =*0UIOT;X]$$R





FC9IB





-7&])Z+2.OI




!
_&MZ1BY97RRUKJ:B

*.L0#E%.!

80Z1!Q!9[


I%)U1DY32/U.




M%?ID





MN)(Z]SKR





M%WK)6&')2O\7O!X;4!5LL_-W
W]=H&.KRZY;Q9JS6_)+\V.QMRP:EJ79%G5B






YA7



333G0/J SM2?@N$\=++%PA04_







M-P/KT'C-
L]-Q)M








MMW64I^-2?N#[1W/7DU
=+M;QT$#/J3:/9B=RM3PLT)UU XFX:BD+Y.5+\74Q


-4LK2CA]]$F;



_N$[8P#B7N)?A_/ZM/UX/+:CZLF$SMFFXAL[&(#PI)3

MR+-\.WL.=1KSDC.J5L(U&O)2[)6WMIQ+XYWM6NOG9Z7L++_87L:V..!&-!O8

XZ4)H-V7

M9.^V2W:)CR4N&O9AK[.
19^53]T9\U)Y9S



*M7


MM53]?M-GC0Z%5S^:S5W_D0XHIZ=CBD-E\W-G&)V=
:&^SQ?*ND-\C)YWN0\9

V9::L+=V7X=\4KMOJ^6[]^-';I


2I#.\HG6^6U&-DR$R;B-$PZZ0:F!6&/Y6/


MEU*6UL\F8+


3
C
]_&ZV#;@&;F+
M2WKID:!;&LAR]3(78\Q$,OP%W#OQE(08;Z$UFLTK2T%S*_5^E=N B/WWTT
MO!NJ@L#OJL\_


V(J1MAU \V].




MLAD9NF?-40ARHSH0H#K[ZHN04=O0:&-HJ??ISUQM(0U% S
AL

M8&




M
BMS1:J+F+.+=7#:[


H[1_T ?S'

BT.3@N$^(40QVT( *R.B**#
1 (D^NJ*2)

EV)JB&3/@KI%M*@$(ZWM3+2*@ =P\H6+0\L%R(?&



_]JIX5.






_8O7FXE(J=)^H6_$NZ7_F:A (L+K?1W1&=@T
 0IRN?.*
M-EJZC&2\%M[LN !YURZ
'M
;:YM

OIKO8(1UYC\CY\!90)C07]?&P4**9:-$ECGGF+Q6%D3_K75?XR?CMC)0


MA,&.2W,O'L+_
Z([:XV7FINSAYYGZ
AF)'




M6!8YS&B]:-R64_+L#A 
^;Z,5LC54U^VXB3'%41H$F_N:PBD.)1U*XW,YU

1J9@+AG!O;\0IK

M.$

A8


7$;;\B1L&NF-VN:&

JZQ<HEX.:'Y
?:XYRHX\ZB3,R\2 EW\O<&A8*\]3@M:YT4(TB5494'BE%:2:[(


X8Z_?1S8Y')O.ZA/ZZ

F6?^



M#FF_Y

M;^364@:@


?PN2FD*[8PK*ET^C?K?(VWQS(+OR1]
M+



MJ]!\HA?8(L
7ZJN7U9T[.'0_5^:@PS5-*UZ/QTA9]%C]V]=!!PL)^XW3M/GF
M


\@+_0$0_6/RW)=KUJ
M8KVU4D[BC)QI0OF@@#DFR 
G8)!?Y

T')]Y#GT[3








MZO:74RHF0/G=8NCD4+:FT]RY.IL



&#V!G8(_HZ((/O1 <%EQH=AO@[ ;(N
MJ\@G5O!*I./\96\$2=7S0_FS



^LI=6W_TF'B
MIGSR1ESD0J*JU\

*5QBS^WURKX<^'0AQT^<[D94J3OZ5X$Y5\?
M.%^A?ME,V=UE\PZDJ.@]E1^@2!NK_FW \SLT3SU./9,;ETTKS'R7[EIJJL@
MK^FUM%._]Z K +E+.K-P*G@!


SLWZ_^:944];[:BN(;)^%NI]UH
M+4!,?Z4N#ZD#8V*/=UHWXO9\=</OB+B( RFBXKA$?G;P8,I+[55QI(I(*NS

Q9(




M+AZC@ZF.WCHY]]Z:4^

M9WF7=AK$?:B8Y#!+S441_




M: SQH.3KW;ZY%8*#Q^_]O)FPYM1\03[

MZPBKG7:

M^EKFF.&]4\9:U_1)SU(K]^9-V@R@
P L
&B'J(EXWBXK D83K$Z;1L%ZL.2'



MF)LIK]9UK

MD#00/Q&L2#-

M[$VC
..)/ 9B@1




M\LQB.1A$J
C&B[]&G[



&
ME$5*%:2SZF BC8([@O:MCYG5'T(:U:\D(J!5%

*C-97@U5;O7


M_&O&

E\3





MSQ7-L&6%$=4A660I$.]3B2YK*^^_=A^5AA.*EU#AX)HL+IO=I3)&QM5DS:84
MO

@#J]#[)+Z [U3
M,P;=9(!&1E6_<_9&O=P%

MJF@:;KYYMG&G3

MXZB.YQ$?BJY]%4S_&]5S7[;VCBDB^B=QJH\\F-(&\KP\.K JVQX1
+AED2%6

X.$]Z0E




MJIIJN1%
:779)24#





M=!D

J
N[
M6HHZ9\&6$56^S!#/ME.C[#S(?J&YYW%&IGW]J)\(AG)G]1?)/5N)7_[^*Q%T


4[KW9Q@=55K ZML %L9V_


MLBFU3.-KUN\2 &8M;3CQC\NIKG5N!1A6O@[[^I:RWDN!G$JOQ9VJ;;^)D'P3



BM[JBQH6)==SP(@UU&PC\@E'TX#9AJ[?9


N9_VG_*/38J_?P/I%@A;:=9T


M!2_0ZO)^$0^/Z+^^*FV@K0E]:M$.''0N7



E5$6
MV'






M(NUY[NM



/5FZ& 0TC_\+ICY@Q_=*!48A:=#5^'D=5;_$



-UX
M+Q875U/59B!




YI7P8J1R6TW3
M+





MKG[=


D%9#1;G
MZBXM=-
PJ7VA<[XP@98X#N1Q),()


N?[KW7RP[
=SH5RR!


5!Q@

MNNYW!V8'U4'U-FUWGTU&.9X?39SV/_I\EQ &8\ST

MXE'&2943:5.%OA8YO6M/:

5R0:9 9C)E9;18QO8COW4
MS7/OZZN%57 @,;KY,C'_!3N;:353#;7J-5^Y'*)^@RLF!]K

M)FX9


MA7N^$PODK&L#_

IY6/T;LYPQ.7^W(\$5%R%




M9V@%$JD4X*CF-F=



M&O#Y_=IT$DM :[@R25\Z7F5T) 

3W+6A%?%N=[6N8@Z'P;

M9 5CTH/FOCCOVSF/2]JLL%!@O/UKB@UT



65+^2XDW/8@2/)V5F?Z;E4@Y*K%QFM?CDI8O+QR;8L+0DE
M?2D8H;21FSCK:+U





 (]M+E7]^N$_




0 !;*=3_7'K1B;U[NJZ80*T7[N
M


WX_5\


%01AC:EW@

MFX-%^*0I5=G$NNJVB=+J

?OA=G-F[THO

M%!YC\D*1K2BYSG

S7UL-QUW1L
3BC
M?B(\8]@D2)-GT9NEK80




M

]?WOM?%OZS)!BCRXY^_

M-2M]2JIFQ-3T7:[XKGNYJ^S!G+


+ZU/7AE9U73EU6'^B;!_Z





*D6_7D_MK=1^
P1Q\S!#^\.


MP%_^AFPF_&DD*F1'#M2]/F\AU^S7OF/&)18@XN;LDL.
;KQR
0\)VV09]7
M(\ZM#L](R/C[*

M*(VE@3'BV@+6

+EI0RPG0S


J:72U-



M*26/E]T5%] 


XRF?
MRN2LKJWY:+F05Q^K(S$&%:'[H[QI$D@'#:&D'UHL@#M%DG%E4T40AXI56COY

OFQ#XB

MQ7MQ][ZHF3-:]


M$FA%47#E^T8\-U^':K]=M0WW$7%T&O7-O&

M6@

YA*3O&5C=*G5@9ICG#3AADR?%

M^BX:J'98U94[

N73(B54F^VRC2_F )K@3P!
B^
M-K/



SB6PK+ CJ/J60FWA@
BZK

MM+Q+K&]S*U+TOH






M4%8$2*$$X]7EXEN(]1AAVWY)E]:-)2T(#-4^G#80^YBD89H_M/TC4FU!I_GN

? ZGVB^]GS@\
M6B$SIGQDB9)$UX$+6^N3GEXVL\%WSG<3)R;T;
& Q/
XG6MW6H%7@V04W#U



*B
G*AF2GY
M$V[D6:'O7\-JB84H[/FTLLA1ZL/RKH\K:N






(@8%.@-C7#--2BVQ


M]7KE#U?^?-@*NCO\913V9S@IK)8=?I$!(?$%$1

MO&LPL^ *NIU57.K63JO_(PFJZY]S




M4ZN!Y]IVV;Y']$:TC#9BN?:JQ')4S4Z.R


GG
C;MYF@_=9JA
MN
K R?2BNAPI
;^'JICX
M:Z]:($[&HY%FGI@X%-Q960%<;4^

?\Z/+PCYX3]S]Q(
9*P\.SOSV(V;_L
M^V.E_M9Z4W:@W.]5R52=[S[S%\
'-:01QE?OUA6#N8^T%L=YV08_^IB %R-;
M?


?G^(2N_


MN%LQ0J4
BV88G$D


MJK[UQ( SLO7R$O=:+%Y9M(J0(%6/'+SU5R/OWY^VPW%

MRH0-371!X::RT^MTDC5^:7?AV=






.Q.BR9Z!-A /=S
:.%;PF@57K


M_:)G!-T1Q 

E\PWNM2T;RD9?A#L<.RA;DK7/UG'^=PF&;?[3Y;^B

AL+9+CJ:2&9\X




(6*B IPL!NPY\L3EGA+-
:BHL?
M90W
WD&K4!
]$I^A5
U.F8F4@Q3N!?.7M?F4X-+T!_WEG3:2WJ$?5%*B))UQ
MIJ]L6

MGSA&A

M]JX:7W=EEAZDFS]+O&==/&L(-'A0/3(
=]ML&5SW)@FW!)P8*YQ]2I@%5
L?

J\C
WRNLZP3&ML59?





MJ:D

G3V7Z(Z5MI^EG'FY'0GBNC7VIY.7=(P+
Y8&
M$V

E89L&M5846B15%\^S)Q)Y$$#06X5\OB'[^J/H
M/_^AE*?/




M0+IY4!85%BV*TE



MOUF!?R#MZ5#4)#:1=?DY3;I=H


MH2P!4
_HQ%7O*0F3=.: AI2#0QATUW7RY7/W&41]XB61FACG'!'9)@-_UJ

.;3
T
_'



FZJ





  S^20MG/T'+U4D$*O:T7KN(OV:.['76C?KWK^@_72?@L
M:RK/BYR#!6
?4%@^JGQ1^*Q60]E''?:
 C$O^ (81\IA^8&]4Z3T_#+:=Z[CKKZB<27-$^L<
M;R]1 ,Q+!:F5H+F_JXL:_W*=OUA9'#6TZ[@&H]XV#=-6%F\$*116FM9D6/C

M'GA




.\@@_.$FIU!M




+@+D%J4O%B:M!3IG@

%#T:%GHWH<]9^\P56*<D8N;= .C<L*T/Z\EJ



6&16T$6.*SFUP__Y^J+

MAGUUY&D+(?RH)8PN7/D
6)A G&
\J$=3RP=BE+@JQXEG?;ND96'


8\:Q$&E!2!PA^


M 4\WSFN3)^48Y6-X?M.A'W%8&!YT53YBL&-0F/'V2GXB#9*#O**3/P)0GQ



M7+H: 5%0NC:HJ(TSJAAQ5:L(6HH3X[
0/0VK(8U\WMXUG[?W'XM'^[P9 D:7



M%PTL


_K;[ZD@







Y=V8R.21F*

M@^O1:;T193GZ1N2*1L 1K9$[8)J*!H. 4G)UXZ1M$!=1\*%I_08CRWB^Q
MI.9H_IPU#&N]$.?Y,+G;G]=T(3FN[_'1,N3@LA!+*27;N=POT-MG_4S[YH6

3B+A%6W+7;

0/WS=DS6'PO[Q!&W4%BY &<S[N7Z6W9G:+5Y]RO,.8%.%]S?D._T
M=:C8NS
EET#\6R;#7M.Y92?'8B];?/GJ:0'/5[SZ0;:9\X
6^]O*(G[VG2+
M)=56ES26$Y1^J

@CK7:.5=\C8EX8W1H]
M$T!!/




YYDR 

EQR^81D?[


CT' 6Y[-E@U


MAAV&Z?


MV:OD


MQS7DPDIJWO^R6ZR+W\BJ8\I&SMF_=IG3IM\M;$W!XR0GZ^3HU)?]M()36050
M[

[K+:S2[@\



MM'[MXUUKPE

4
4ZK%X93Z@88TU5ER80\(HZ22JL$RY_VO)=Z*C[2PS'


M61 5F:$I0&0699YTL0$B9$R8Q3 F$R#R$H:H$448-$#!(: IQ! 02
(8

[4 :!%=ZQN:4DU
F CNRYGM#A ;$MZR'9O;ZJX



BAG0#PL*;H




G4K9D;(3

0Z#*8W.IP5_M7O8WNWC

%Y&R&?'YO#


_6V_3(#1F1K;!P?6CY
M5KML306: $HQ .;WL8;H%GFN5$8GGU8X1F#9W(IXCN^+B:;I4[Q W3XPO'5Y

MY_OYK;1E7-+G*7ZDX@!0Q;LW'DS;Y'VK%QSZ)Y!/54[-[;)//UDU3-'6GV\

HW ,I9[5%EO,[8@_
MK:TJL)EB<]A3A3VR/04J/;)6Z.NF_$W*CY%AAY:,N[+0\CL<.LC[MD+^*('

IG]AUPD D.O:B-?._V3PS=.\@A/?
MG:O(8*FFBBQM&CCXD'@*DH;C;''8L89+? ]464!]6_L8FQS_QD0.WM)L6=










MFDTOAL_W^4=\(R/B-SP$_!1$_Q[\XL/!F9U0Y@AXG9ZWL6GJD(YO&1@:9]L-
G$A5'Y
M'CG;;)[ I J-G3(_

MC+!
6A
V=4@RGO/\4)!&S$]T?6.)=BN24$3)$)2?O70./S$Q@@?L@*Q8
V


LGQ=K*IYWLF9.@AUG%1R







IJ<!JLGQJ+H4Q4


[SC'*9%8 *B?)@+)M@#XM





#

[*Z^

F$'RLJ
M@2NO'\D(6 @XE',A9T:W O(!IO^^ 6C5,^KI)BHIUB*LDV/8E%VS4!/QW6






V&78OQJ6QARD]%/
CE:RGHN]\+ GSO*^(*Y



I+
F/H&
MIFD(*DN^ 5?;UU^]/G4J*..&AXI/WXVQ_:GT\[Z!/4

MXQ[OHHT:9EI(9XX^D&5_;_XRQQZ*[#@+*X];8Q3IK+$VV^] TD-'&S?XCY

JLRQV#BIUA!/QL%A2S36/#=I;9C=)_

OCQPJTKK_ZI==XS
L!V^3&4FY%A!(!ZJ+$R^GC<V[G/R3^B6D
MOD]IT]4G@V3TH(+(@Y=+V3=N/M7RFL*8?32S;-Q-;A8VKW0G$M=YHZJ6*\A
MG:$USTE?5=:'\H*(']L'PO#S$=V2*)-JH3CKO

M@1











LD(:TY40&PWJM'#=5NL/&QS.*D
)'NO<VD&9B%P@__:[Z:(]X;J1T]S_NS/T0]KKOH6W]=J:V<(*Z?

M



MR'4SZ_&:W2S?'44L$LD9SGI'G.VN:)PLG$8EF3MWV.D7EC+!Q3/VSH/F8E]#












P.W&JP^;23L.#QN6J<R;&
MB5=

YU0-?3R'
/SI03@_Q

=B



3:[GT30KZ<5+TUFTAQ[LP<5R+6HJ;&EI4^_I5
OB7BUL
MP]*J8LOR-H8#5%S7QLYWF9^JAHL


MT+M

M:$*3?O33V:\Z=[P

R*N0%@S0.-/^Z
MD,4U4TE%[0BI)\,92U%!FH).6S$[M(CN#57%J2$'8FR8/X(3HE(V#DF+7X:


MA?KX^
!]?)24%.683&8?WC\PT-\&B\C
1*]?QCN-C5& .#R( BUK@DRCE=&0



K
5$$.T&HRL[8 R:SI-K@346


M2(_I#BP

MXA_#0K
\RH6=J




M$''FTS



#5SB




M=^@BLTV]M.+*^46@4V-)8OK=XS;  @-'\V_?WFV:LSM59F]P\=70]T34XAS0
M12BNQX.E8H+N);*G3$6.51\@$#RYJ#]P 0*C+#F67$$$B(!+@$VTSPT:1.


MNSKB'Q1?7A5E/)I05/S8KMVI+F^-XV9'WN\3*_':7L?HR4!NRL3W*I8
G++R




M*79+C]OK:3_Y]*#=KB



M.XP3=IV92SY:
70(Q/2





M_M'^:






[%RLZ9=HB^?/*H[H7:ZGRV5I#;H5[C
MJN*:;)5LLDCOC0RH)YM[26RW& Y G.&DU[A+TK6 Z9(N/
[\)1&YS^L4_M[




&+'N

M)-6D4Z03Q 

M


M5][G&@
AG5C)4MH)_7

M?
H1$J[*?
=S0V+-N7C;=CP'5K4AT3ORWNX'P#_*?P
TRMDA;53X;$TM0H6]


*\%)


M*DEQJ4AFD&&))I@:@P(F
22@BT!^@CCW(]T?J9^N*?VGSRNV[Z(PZH%E08F3
M91V

M1\I



M)Y&^D-.YF3IP^CS?^)
JA_%&8N\];\H[$&

M1QE'?](2WXNOOKFMM



MSD_K*C04].J=+_X52
&-Y;XJ
26%]MW1;#*R0ZNMAH FXISLT4&5/M\QV#;=




UE' @H9V1A

MY.R:R-Q)ZUIQJ^NY





@0O?)I?C7\_Z)%&^KTPT'36 ]=\[K9R]^KW!N83^IR60-WRUILXD

OX$


MUBK
IXX'.'RDC^Z@-B(;H\I[U2MHC
\U.RRQ9U2F@]U(O[-]#Y%20B'B=4[C

]W382*0@-4N!YH41#CJ
M?:TAU_=S (655-7Z0;1E1V%4L7[SM




M7+J

M.\^_N]^C=XL10B0T O[5LGIPB+!WV=3F0__J

B#I-M[02#%B)MOOY0@R[=O!&H1
BNC%'S4


6FBF P.)CX&0.9.&//


M.?Y.).S\+1Q^&SB)'RE&YJ!O3)-1Z#%%]6?#]',% U-VOR\JT&UAQ*H6





MG2X-X_;B))V(R.H9E%TXA*9 )Q$M*\M#?D6P=)^*8%:

MFK!S*:OB=/S

G4?!H*?D/%.(!LD&W?)WBWX
M+*AFU29!QB*1DV5YOPP%!
MO\ 4N%#0TJDBBI







@Z







((8YS!%$-;4:H&@R!A
M#K48$

@0Q*F@ 4A8@S(3!(29 J2
;O<*:6 37
M9Z0)]*C:!*KM$E(S/SM;<


M.B:$\-RQ5*7_Y42 IER/(WQ


M%6C#Y+*

J[CJW18H-]4YYP/!3:K4VD&Q2EFGFE



MMQXV.(YU%S35[EF-033EXD)60!F!O_AUN&E:46H5=J*0:!/9
S8#'7$?* 
\
MNG/W@E%+3X2*:@;HE@90I68OB\!\47%3\Z@K-]7YU\:#SPRQBS
A_#5KCG_;
MKI@FW1;Q=.F0CDG:J*_L&3E'V\ZUG)ZYT^7+978X

MWOO\^C@)&;

OV*)_#@CE


X]-Z_
Q*4'RGXD1







F/^=_^?HTS3Z9$2'!



M#Q?A5IY8RQ1MB*$[^+A9_HE !P09




V+72OVQWRCZ


R
9$IMEX


MMS]LLIW&SM;6-P2%FKWB'S)




4?;B^*X7_=


KMAU= O%F&A^^_*=&_
1C[
M5ML(

M._

M





/ART[70





B


?$$O(8VB7TU\






M[2GK./3]2M 
])6U$4RF34DTFMFO9&]Y.2+BI)F)K]CGO_*^&6OGDD)-D^M#
M\CG%&55W&:N%F5^2H++(X&*M;DW?(3ZFH4 ;Q ZR.HHA/P2]R7)3%JIA]MU+
90_*U
M-??.7R3*$X


5BTDVXC44
MMM]I0#H

KS*Q)/W]0;^2M?Q%AS(580Q3F
W-5!%G/
M'7'J#\I7; #*




+
QDL_;8CE(@$5




Z&O!SUR@162
MY
($O@MM;D+Y7TT6 OYJED4H,6:AA?0-)[2/XMV**R9(GF^^=N'Z\50JS0

MW\_H

5&JQ]


2MM./M![:+'*QIX 1*CEE]WL]'T%CDC\$?;_=U!+EH[\KQMY'

GBI'G<9%I/[




K7F]G.$2\=TC&MUT#9 )J
M&7W_\3N4KS0YVAL[MVK(6]!A*4_.%= 56D.\^N8866[%WH2[C[KS: _'4'D5




-JL:8'WB*ZNN1NE:-^O(J(6Q05SO_MS;H.7=WK['1=S75

3*!@ K([IY
M$1.188_IYI952)OH(9ZEW+I%OK^EYKAP8ISUTKQQ.18:6K3'2YDQ9-LH;)V
MI98)!
6OPD4_A%F@_5N+#=0PBTI/HU8C&S0^6)U?'VKP[/9FQ
6K99Q?/7AA
MU ];^:
]_
V8M-9RG/4PVWLB?+XB:).QTO?$9F@8#VC1X& \0*4K]15SJ7!QW]H

RY)MSEC3N:-=

M

&&)'=^8GOIIB*U87H:+
M')(_664EI5/)@^J?.

MZ

M#GV(RRCXR(JH^7KE$%]OY=J





MXCI/^*




M#S
IAZ(.(\[:1IC;H.O''(?TX;=*

Z:2L!6%4'JL(]32

2BRLB1.:#K
MVS/?0C/ D4_W'OY_0N&2BTL;'BM#8Z08
W
UXD#D1$BK7[A@CB^!-J WLQM





MUM'U&-O0CUU\Z_4
$1H[]M)45+HK=J
APG)7K%R)0;/?^AL^S$)E5RP$P7M


MR%:LPV:6CA?


5%^'Y\JW!J+IBKV)14H/&.=E
MY7GHS0WF89]O _VSZAH:*[C/8+;N@D3G@XZVXQENI?FE5RUU5[^8V?L^B.:K
ML^5K^@1^C)(OAMN.:C&7BO7+JKUKR

D7-9\^ZUE#F:P3

9D_Z6(+IW\:&#\

3AWAVY':EXF\+[]-5+;
MR4_KOF+[/U]+

M)[]BS
8;@%@%
MH6)!W&0<2V,RY#VI?BI75CE)WCWUH:+*Y.+?@^&#M V'8J=/SI['=_AII_
M.M3\:T3\!PZ#(61,=//9=U@XUD'B,)AD4#9,;!6V84XSR^<=<;$.S\#XTS]
0J
/
8SK]JI[^M-0.^)QN'51#5RLS<WN*
M6D%^$ZZZ;*^8GM(BZV^2!%%_\LNN6%8R55^T*\82GW'\5N3R

M!Z.:QC+)QU=.P9S\
$_5*%
-D .@OO+ ##VJ(7!I4U)M1]IA#VLG&.Z99\+'

%

P[-M


U9&$P

(;L$= @1W


MGO7L6OMU^74;@TG)2L%@/O;F.8 (#7-8#$?Z[^)^W?(/_3


M_].&&JF=GY?^4'(@[6O)8G/ZY;&(:\8H5M\H#V]I:9:I
X3TEMK/N8F85ZUJ
MA[+D7J^D);LLC6TDNS4)F8 AP7+SC:5


5
]@WJA.9H-12*Z4M

M%H3T9

%7R(_E


%F/=DV@BJ2&L;C




UO

WT:PUK
M7[I*7*V5:HT@_UI9DPF]R%KZ#X%8YN^7Q@R_X13J0X=JQ]^%KFVW30L_(_U.



F_DC]8PCTZQ;UK#T=L.^;K^1BW[
/F2GO
M6P^%4&^!N5H[N9VD#R0J(.M.U/=0@YBA^HE.?)JRHHNSE([[KXC)GN-8Z2]Y




+A2_*+Q6DRL:R$EC3*W??8IF8E].WK5&@)V




PX.T8Y
2-@KK'A;.#[
V\
T:-^HZ#P0Z+



M18_[Y



MS-Q?K_%7!Z:PZ5MP&1M





M]?S\T.'MK5*O5
IV/!I@V

MRL1F[=IY]Y]WR)^U\;L9$TNA:ET
'BTDPL(TZ\A @?'L-2]WJQ6JWCNS]8E1



$K^
/
Y0:N+C4?_\F+


M0@C
MFP+;FR:Z

CKVG&AK4[XEI1
GJG/'H7Z./AE

I^HKX2%5)4*1/MKIK/S6TJ

MYG=YFMI3XEC90J4559LJ@NDCFF+@3*_O[7'U\IQ'UH*'8Z87Y:YEF'S-23YI
MVZL396IOY&1\1:NZ\I\T'X 59'QHP::G+3UCQO[H'M0JS.92T!NT=;
0[B
M22IJ1Q5?^6

M-0A3^7V(AU@C;9WBU%.6#B_9
 TBOUF.3K7%:7F%-.E:;%RJ37O2Z)!^VNO9


MGR
G









M7F



:W^D\E$HNZ[A;LZ] R%_)'.+

1(1[W [-;@[++E&+%ZNOP)VGQ(M
 H?;1 P#(A/CQ7/8-!&K462WRE^%A<D9X9T_





]%J]S6E 9(PI1+]L:\

M


MYSMCN%C;:^7!(?R8Q; 29J18E9D?6(- 2#PWEQD/UFRI[;AY?C!8F3[T=C#*







(U$D314F7=N (RYF@HS]?T(:U6
R\W

1

#@N

PLO!(.6M*+ &U[O

M@UCAQ&KD%?=V@W:C9_V?WVDS$S9



BVPH%5((( LAA$HM)ES^@RLL6 2@
M&

M

MU_72:RI3YGR-!?C/'S]):7SL2*)1XR[@7I@)#M7HP4?ZP_D9H5ZZ1WKIIIF'

S-ER?Z@
=3FKI49U2HN

5WC.K+H]N31Y#]^\.X.=:82P4LSJ35*+S7%AI,6=?S
M0 77_%#;!\\B==Y5M.*68:V7SQ6P B'IJA^D

MT-*93/)O(R-[.8)
IK#JJ%DO=!MG#U

8\QA
_ ^VX8_D^O=4ZCT$R-Q Y:4W+0\^EK.:

J9M;8IOF7\\(H'.=$(L)(


M-YV^LTZE @!@/DYQGM)DC:3W9[T5./TP'8I+L_
!N5MF;+YV+J&@F-&&-=OW

M9M1VQGV*'X


T3Z
Y
M6S;L];?9P


MX\9G\T&3
0X29O I-QZUDLM1E:IO[N^5/=
T!8P*:SW9* **W=6(MJIOQ+L)



M;=+[(

M %G@LN?[GC+[39$G)C#2WT.=



MS1&;/M+DJ 0YL3QX+N*L=#/W;%

BT(=
M+


MEPRQ#+)GKL^%CW/6;)CSU.=EE2/:NI3;DT@=PJ7R_\
W]M)CK)4\8P1EOLX%

M2?3




M#N)&



N+ZLY
MN_L+8GO


Y@$EQ
M'LNFW8-CX
?)V[:


2+L\UIM*_F-#;(5@V42$S!(-1H7-XE63:V3EIE+5


M@R%3N97-&

9L$6LSV$ZFR

@J_7Z%22N@C)

M


MFO3L?TA0AQ!V\F:[G+EJH8H$



MPB/HD=[!ZBN 9T





.P
M([.K
&3\C;&<<\=A1?IE,]X])1.P:9&970]5W

6A7?@7=

M)C-;OXSFCG/L

M+N)3%;'H!@N^A*WW% WP/F23[N A-64/QAE(








E9VJS7G524V&^LBTC&RIV#D.3@*K\L^G\K A=O?7
MEW@(BWY\2S^OY+MSFUY8D2'G-QXIN5S0*9,]9'BS(6LQ.IA[L\@7.59!+

3' 4$+[9W$MN96(R7I\NN/7C+
M3QB+.-E 5B5K3B[)1B@
8 P*MFZX%'-IGLX]7J57/3 %9^\/'9__XJHX.N)_


MZE]3 2UN%VY9M7GXA$!8S:3#2/;Z(*U!I7=
0#
HY*#3ZT?+#/234%@9[W(W
MNCL-']R
4ZRRY


VTI7@X1Y18V[GHZ*]F=*8LS





MYXW:#URCT

^D_RCWT(1RY2*/R5_
M^Q3;1%KE5!T^0U:4(A[Q/D*B?=)Y1CPQO%^/PA?A2! R
(H$P7SQUF5?%8
M&]')\4-ZNL?X;[I%?!V0Q:69YCH]I#!TO1#0XV';T,.,V8A= F.5UAP8^S

0?TG)E/P$P
MQ!5AVK_\8VG
%J0V=ZZJ#*&KOK2S8D+





F!=Z%GA#KW^R+T+H*FVJ/
U'17Y.1
MYD($
T@*]D\ZW8AE'\8?](D^.1W[;ECOSTPS7-):F23JG][[$@$36Y6FM!;V


#Y
/\^C@SO])


M(&'_UT+@XPDB_QOMD**QK?]V+
!*_A&C$/T7)=Y%]D

(MOP;Y79;@\A6S


#EK+/:(W6

*^ XBDT3FX+?88$G187=

\'AM'P
%!?
MS!=&DHL51
I%RME\I)\4A)B-F3\C3KC_B][#M:/R7-%^.O53=E.2:'T%&.^(



M[J@R]H%:1(Q?D0




-++94=5<MO0T_JQ=EMG!/%J41D*80@X,&VH^9VZU8=%G
ML_&/-^&:OT?V3:

G:J?I5\$XLJ@GQ6\N_







Y.Q^%EL@8.P0:I5UV
BJA*G_;*G%
MVET@!:
R@J]J%
A4M6KE-B&JF531%O+1RZC?#




MT-PIPD?5,=BI2$3[ZHR^9(%O;*!DAV95*.!
X_6*+/]F@TB\%!P:.)BLX?

.5UV
M#9-=['6I0G[$F1C9Q9N#_I!XH1N] J*2SNVRB?Z1_2$*TEL^]3%WA\5%VAT@



0VHOZ@72U




MVQKB/1G41KKJ9S*%?V0&[5BS+Z8DT?&%M/P'SP 



M7U4XO%[YU
IU^90OB/

CTH6I$?

M
0%S8_;$VH[*.E0N'E2W!*TPN!PLD$$7AJPR5*':T\.OIM.SKLC[WQB:P[









M











M+_;=$!/^_MLO&/*?;#1S42K
=3X9:65SC-(3]5J2[__&R/P+L#\=&-&2[V)U





11T&L\@-D+HJ
M4)J&X;J.K353#0D72V(*EAI
@$7\LNPR5)?61WJD/[T*C.Y;?FU=\E\+:OO/

M320


F
WIBIGG@]



M\(B'$MG*I1J#6[I2C:_OZJ71F3+^P1B6W#IR






83'

B\'=00$%






E1(6<7W
MCD_%-&R)_VF []@;X0 *[H$ML:LQ%A#]26I0;.Q%&K\J=$Q$/*ZU=&MD+&5




80OE$$TY7?.\7ZP0
M]BK!!#
U#Y:4#
UXA]\D$O51[B_ W[H%PR/#7N!F3C,56\^3U)%Q_#K56@-V([B,3-$+A

TF[Y.70K)9=S7'J

EK[JG4GK/

:V



X8*'A
MDC8Q/:J;D]9BNSKG3S0HS_O:UWQ/= :UV\JT9F*G=^7$+75G*^BPFQ9_/$L5

D9_2LBB!4:AXY6\)])*18!_1VG0(E
M($DI0HURT_MB9([]/
M^@N G#S+OJ:1^]EXCJ* 4H I*%$@
\A*LPH5&E2)M06GPD43!:CA/98I+T-:

S


C+9+((ZL'+7C,-&5U,O-

M-(=.-JM?#_



*YR=[;N%YI4S7[


;ITB.
II%



?]]V*R(^S'U


C5






ME9/H+(B8

@'NDJ!9E8S\T(E;6N.*FNBL
MB 5J1$[2LP
MF39?L(HK4K:\J\56S2X^#V/4V0^W.+6=J!MY=#Z7-P&/[31;
MYK0O



MEF


]/]
U?NDN:1N_TE<)UK5%*D6D@:G0D^]K6Y4Z(<^C4=-

;K7#K-C



E









S


0@4O-&VB#?M[_F

[ME


M5D5]P9;^M;54'W(%2\]LN323#F

M$0'3:A7#V1PBT A^'#:X=
%SW&F=0O*)VE3B5'.%MFW5?_Y:.:K)PZ/-)#?9
ME-



M7QJTRQ;:UJ(X8WR-\\B)U^^:_B40P_H 'R3Y*\B%XXY/]\[/RD@?$O0*ML

)ET9%(D3K+_

\%L[U8*YP

MH=^Y#_?BA+_51(VQ5T(BUT2%BS$E.I&B@ !NV+S4
$DSJ1HDJ:'?;K':Q([5



M:#KF.(&


*+3
G\!*@X5U=W%07\!




)SE+B#Z;6^[2-H.+%@XJKM==(Y*KSSU#GK06=.QR
MF!EZ4NI7SR8&A3'=P[-KBIBZZ65IP
W+ *N&E6HK9U6RVN]C%$$5 8NU
6M4

;G.TVJO6JUT=M [T_<H9,[5 YRW0C+X@4Q!?U,Z=O6[COHW9





0 K[;N


 )3\*9YR2?




MAPJDHG\,:LN_3YM1-P-V5?465N2O_B'HN(OFW!_!=@5:LZ9Z.78Y^$YWXW

X]S+

MF:'
U!6#HJOL\28
EP2E

*+2SO;19-+ZII;EM&RSME !W

M)@Z4@E%6K;I9K
:-ZC%MIVX^@FEZ^VT[



Q5J)7IK1
ME
7W8(N\XDOA2YDP'VN5?/Q^/H\U?]
XDN/VN634S;:Z5[)E=Z^-%;L-0W[6

-K)[O!F;

K;0_O8S_69)2)Z9EWQDDJ5K

R82
9.Y=6


W&8[

4[)A'XS=6J?;Y
6EU-7< V3P(99?Y<=EZ _J+S3V[%/

M4OT+V';P6!87M*4[FO-L44'RB1;8B?;02%\Y24


F^KBNSL%&A9=<!L5].GU%9+I8JEE_<
MO%X5CA74


MN7Z^-I.Z66RPL

M 6N-2':MDT$N



CN::$2TN5
/RB\@FPE]D\ACD%EO;D
M*5R1+68*.53


94%OI?&(XLB74?)J'IS!!2[R'+]#O749XF


O8%=SKT4

MQ=0('FH.JAIJ)W2-]0.TGUWT(%*Y+1=/_-9L@&=T.JN1


M7VFD@Y@KF@[

M&Y+^Y/6[0Z/E9RY/4J
#;2J


M



2@6R@'E:3WAK0-3^21GJ&SRU,
MRM$_I<7+PLAU$F:.(1B+JF.Y4!5+]

<^4
M39M]_DT:6ZYKNG#&QB.7!W\'VGV-R=H= #ZEN9^@@20*'AW.X[(*E$]N'9
M68;:MP%ULGK-79RIL@M'._O*5AYSX$R#86^N@;BDA<@_MET+R=6GBHTX-X4

MWDF4I&1-?M*_X(N2LE0FCB4P]?5'&RZ\[HY\MY]'+C]
0O
TKJ\;M*&IXC_5

2X1)
MR_U(A;A0=L_-:. 99DW],Q,9[



?V+@RN



4_
N3WBB9JLE3K2#-\F@&#BGU2I[1FKBZ%C5*CA@9;K@
M\NJX7@]GECU 1RCC4.GI8B/[8D7!NO&
Y@?WQ(-Q2*+$)Q1IJ '@1+-?.66:
M?J_@DMQX7?/

I
M:=9I7_DT/JWJMU/4K?7?WXGZ.DYZ;
?O%
_ITS



MB.IS:I.



M;#Q(;?P+(+M!^O(9+IOB83=A%NO(I#PZ^TM_?Q3IXJ]=#'[Q34E.-ZI/*&F?

MR0L(S$_*W?T9?F-!MR


MWY*.[]90].\LM4QMIEFGQ?&V)[(^3*1+2!%3 9NYT:M9IX]-

2ART5C1*CJ<  E 1N2F=1;].37D%9:;]

MAM7GLIC^


I/4D7ZZ6+(TOU[@3$WV/'W'#P^/X*D*::D)KSPUXW-8]NOL:)F8G

\IZ7K=W!B5@2_.%I]\DNX_%G
MTX
_T 'KU#CO

XQ2^7#/

M\OF

M

IB($
MD#:1^(OPPLL8?UDH3#6<0%MP[?35A&*OK<7S
8&V








87-'DF




'#X2=WZ#6'AHS^KT

M)FK\

I55D^SPO:ZQSE?;B*[9*Q='Z
M!_R2*FIKJW!IG34N%K5B$'%6KRJ8PLZ1?/$*WC4A)1L'\QT]U(6.$^DS[7A(



M\
(TQ*?:'W/X&'#-Z\8:S-1.W0&+^1F@LB=L $%XPAD2?P1)$KYW[/SB8?



=3Q7E8S61(@[/;J RH

':[


2P0K0;P7


A)E[$Q&62&#


D33)(]I^LBED\J9YP;J
]&DWE6OY)1=PIZ&92WT&:H1\I_RR_#=;W$

]$@

L^C5V4 5Q-XM5._\R87=
VUDS8CP]*UBRVWDD@F





MOD.=-&CJC]OF7:E+@9#A@UJI5=JV6L7:(+7
8:LARGM]I@X+
]GV'M(*YO

JTFK


MD4!%=3A#F0#\UZS[XGI*87?U[PU!,4-Q &]!0\LKZ#A80P7@+7?.K:FVEP
MT

AL?8$_.[DQ8NED._-H
MWXL0.E7A$+
7'9Q?;#F2G==;:Y=*U4IX



&]_


M82![&8I.%WR#5N-\Z5JGI2IT!CSR7ZG5+38@@[D?L^ 4G8 9(U^DX/D?/U
M




M/N?1;4
?9G*J[=MG



C:


R[2I
M$R


M-

MEE3#Z2



MTM1-A%&;!ILGX03+AEX_4=9I;4O

MJ)BM2+0'-XBUFCW;64PRV!&T:
1LR(F(7V/W

M//$3LD:&@'WN]?QAII7:^HIO;5


XR4Z'/SU%J4G=[SG!-I1&M:


MS@9OM$]:O





M)[_\HD\-CG/A.C
P;=J;_P5CS;AI[IVE9=49-]^+15$*!15??OV.8@)G7:?/

?6/L\UG?VX4ZY=

M03R:JN\]FFN
@HHP6T8H&EJ
W'SD_/G7RVM;3ZYK'F_VX@O?80LEVNM
M\7Z




!NLE:0&



MPPUP!RM!O8+K%5RV$R#HSO



MC:52PA6$C-(S)5E*].Z\3!8QSH1S

H;7%0*6^
B/%CBP\41#





H MX9?






M


M#6TC
6%C\0U5\@N1VFL4AI&
/[)$D( 8@;Z#UB;-+ 6JT21$U7#%Y+I/@DNF

4G
)G#$%J9C-WZX=*WS7
M
P/=NT;U&S#[^#SK1K@3'



M-8J#M^$W.



MP^-OJ%



4)%WK]4








M.T#G]AM8F

M
08

MU%F! I(FBZ^*):3$)]G39LMJXQJ]W%QIJV%GR.F__^D

M\8

RQU#D?HNNQ_[9PP0!K=B

ME'6

ME40A\^FZ# M
MX-L$W949VHN


MJ=O(+480.2P8-K%,]E
N(2\UT
MMCK

ME@9:)HM.[Z'014C2/#K ^ @^.9(;!A+O!VIQ$&+'E?KCAZ-24KF
%7C5P%
M'\
VN
)(^.G9A-;.0]H10UH25=IWA
L9$+PUR]$_%3KI?]9/[$S/U]9I[&?E

&2


M^:[;!




M[++C 0\;HK=G[[*6

J


M&T.

MQ*H8&W






MO/@ +%/

P]5J
MB2'\C
MJW-L .TQDUY#3A:C[AZ8LQJO1]]4=CX 6F3W?D\? /I5IGP!# 6_#AU';C_)








MJZ(M11+RL-SRQ6
8T0%)]_
'H/P#




MQH3L)[S+$(+G8[8




MX3@I48



MZ=JY $V1:+FCB;*-F_3YT5?HHC-1 6GBFD?A)$(I];6(23GV28B:5N:KZ:BI


;2SJFS12PF;$TB\]2UYA?^2-,KUT\
MWC-#




F)?@S



M7_C/YE?:=^F=5[I/ ;_N_P'A[NL_@0_/79!C'X#XZ
K^CO!J4\7RI^(WAL^
MQ6HO,96[+Q0/'U=B_H/3O$L?/RX__!];^M?ZYI@^GT*._QE+^ H^0S?=[T8


NX_VM.*AF5B:


M'RO-('.R*\

O;0[#I64+&EX2?%:UZ=&L_6L@GVNBM/I/


MG;&-8VL7B8O'J)IVPR\PD/B#_ 6C'2#BLMH'O3#POU2GNZ74+[O/.N.J59K*





M CS- WZNOCTCKUPW



)D

)[@B#'?
M

M+#_7W15*00'#]T8


.OWU





M+OD]Q*@R_*)UZ)?J$HBJ+KDXHO%;E6.*62+SPG2#1[%$ZL%=6B23+
^$Y6-B


M7GB
\M


M+:U1/?$)^OTBL7S8VDS[F[[K*ZJS]8M\=_U9%]?P-0KXA:FZO*CZB'!G]0A[

M@M.\/D3JU= M[TB=S=B+%$W![TWV=:P7X*_#M@-P!\;'3UB].RBOO*\S?C
]
MK

MW\W_%P W0






M_.JE]A_[(&&J:A_.GF;]*5S];8N3SN?I^\RD



MP11$F-0=V?=G;8#O.Q9FV51SW^^#Z/?VXD(3\D7\6M_?@RJJLYY*38$GE?
CI-9\NSZJU




ER^I'[P[197)W;\/

MFKS\V!V/S^2[04]+4J0-+TN;93.A'B#%7-MUWMZL#L/G9TM5R93ER[$O7YOE

=10-59H?8L$
9;^C\^!D^0.[QTW:RG+

UHIB8(G(BSG)JORBF5MNZ:

M=B[$EF+
S







/:%.P'+W]_UX-OFQMB
M_OZ_[L7]_P!N#@8_4/7X8/+KT^O!/3W]?K][X[?^Z.1_P#E6_W\V,FS?.NQ
MW:#MMVPIX9,Q[/?NQSS)\^RV%M,L;M5RS9;F%KH--3.:8N1W1(8CJ-0C19A




MO1M5H\=LNPO8_\ =?V \CHU)VPS+.*C-B*ZO85Z-'0U43HS5):G!:KED'D




2QQ))#WJ.-3EF@IP0

M
7&R[+8#\T6_O]?AM
M]XM[^_O? #MYJL?T06^KEBBJZEK0PR-O8FQ &W6_P#?Z

M$)T(9(V)N6[RG4%%[J.O




G:#M.&D$Y
V5Y*SE:O-Y&)85-
M43=X

M[LY9R6/A[

D74E6T. 1J1
MPKK?O(67KC)ONX]CVRY7S.BS&@KT3XRE@IUJXI' _\ #3B6.ZM_\0L!4]V[

O$J:ID[IGET(!&EXX401JSL9)).I


M&

<E.YNOIX<GG?VB^W%+505D*5%-(LL

MKAH;EQT!*'TN@W3UH&7\U1B.6.=.)%(DB'DR

?M0:JHI





MIA




M;;Z
344L)NA

?8


M;EOMJ !&_1ARVYC&;]N.S79JG




YJ*5/)JM9/(]05&82



^N.4?0K(/]K'[IZ


M--69%305$4;]ZJ-;#VAR^OAIXVX_DG%:S
@5LC[895G8B


E73U-
M!610/FHSTTD
O47D4]GZV*K$M2SF.)U/QA3
NT^5Y;FU3E+Y3Q)*:A\N:5


MM93O


'
Z)

M)$!I30=*@M&A[]M[6 ]77G8X13YVL@6) ZW/N





FS 'Y6FQ\

 VO;UXK//72#KN-+#8+ZR.GS]
1RNL:*P(

;BWO=4?*]0?5/

\HFX
MB55'L(D\U3:YY[=!TW)\!WAL8*P3I'3U%E:5/BYJO;NZ6YZ)$:Z2*=@VXV

M&7Y?'1QI;2U3)^

M[[GPY8



7@O$OZM\3KFAMY.F6;@W:HCG7?]%&)MZ]_$8SLJ
JIY*W-
UR.AI8Q\8
M[I)!&2+G0&=^([L P6-/C'Y(I;&:_=IHJ61H\GRVFS32;&IFIYJ6)OSHS.\M

M&9W?6[LS



M_4Z0

L\@ED0)$LQ








R^3\+B-%#%4OY0M%V#R

M'3(&X=

QCEDG51#$Z\ $V]KVY=YB2QZVY XR*&6
M&@IUF?7
$




IL

&[\34U]-O][Z;<P++?2U




?SCY@^??V8H88=.N0^;L%*MSY;;=/'KBM[]

M +3XS_BM]_[CDAD^YMV;8WV3
H_':/.LPC7EZ% WQ;W]]L2^!ON/41[^^V'5


#WY&9K)&JK;C5#?&3$ ;GA


MY^./'G\_H&!_2Z]?5CH/.^?TX_K?/Z!CK\KIUQ_7]SC
*.6CS&:D1:58WD^+


4
M]/34]$RT_P##51;O2
P:65::+2B


FFUU6.LA)]*


OJX_*3.M6@8K:.F6!2ZGO:]1DD.Q'(QF^_



!8MW0+$A6Q4*P5M98D2/&!9OYQ]WE=_.D
MN>[\JY(V7#6U?*_9I&*8 4M*/_AX?]VN.G7[;_K]_5RL??H

MSQNXB7XRZH3#4PSZE=05E5A&T9TM;3(3?:QH_+9:J1J&!Y)IEJ(]**SZ5JHY
M(GW%M.E9#I=B%4@

MIO\ !=?7CLRW[[G3\JGU?U9$'A^?C?W]_9][L+_[I9)_Y5__ -(FQF.=QT&8


OR_
Z0)PJUU6;
H

MX'Q;2Y?VWR[

RBRM*/
89ZBNJ**GDF2CX
WDRY_Q:@&&LFD2$2=F\P@ FBC

\663Q9+FSP9K7U.7TTJS9&P62EHJG
)9)T7.#+$GD=%6
M2A&3RC][E&@626G66;MO0T^4Y7G


M#4?O9G6O+:+4FF16



M5#%$.LND:2YL-146Z:1R'/%;5.7TA;QL+2_-@=[P!\A]5B+[0A)M)+%M

R?&)?21^V

QS:OS67C5U0\IN=$?FP
MQ ](HAW5\+VU-\IF._\ @J#








9;F^6YG2I


MA[
43:*F:.K[15&SS


M[\








MC )/3;!-CZ.N#?QYG\(_;CL\VG

M/479G**6KSB@IZB&F99899U61&XTILRGD;$'VXK\X[)UV8T&9+VM@HYJ*.2G
M9:6JI@M5235F7UTM-
9(I'5))LL@CD
+1L]-)4PD_&J\=+EGW/8(^'/VGIZ[

NMZ



'NRI83TY8&2!O5:S1L;Z) MF&QTL&5;
M*5'$179=UV W'7?EZQBE2J%1


0G

M


MFU.(R&T[*Y7U7V^NV(N7OZ
V)*Z%9TA5E$L]@L=QK;1YQ5;
MW(6]S8<L=MHN%VES'PD\FE'].D@U?ZX;'A^'T&#S&#@<\-][J,=<=<;?A]I*
MY\QK&RB5XZ*D7C9K+$ID;8J;<-+O(E.+




FS

+S&/#VX/GGV8SS_'O_
M )
7U'[_ /[/\LC]D


VR@7))]&(LOF
[1-HC*QB5V)NJ)R-R


M!O[^G'0^K[
=K




QIY;AM-.]CL5

MQ0T%17FH
1BCBI8'J:JHG?AP4\*LJZG:Q8M)(R10QQH\LLKJD:


H@;AR- ZGA5N83[FFIY#WH8(U-34IWM5/&RRG0[M9$9BVHA




M9-C]T.6_ER[^






5Q'HI7A+QM
R'\K4M





0H+'DH)/J&^(
QS6FBJJU8@T



NG03WK
?QB@WW!TK;L9/49





M$?*XD5/5.1_\[6/6

MC;2Z@V.QMJ!4[';DWABJ


MK!)5_)68-+)Q4N=4FK=PS6[EO-8X_SGACR7RUDI\KIIZJ8:?BJ:GFFF9?E



M@;7E-!8W I]%_P! LGL\WV8:Y5@.=CI]?3Z\9!33P4TK5
4D
LDWF26U%40#



M209:J4R
_W018VW(]6
MW+%S[-7UE<0T=3*%9(6*DBS;*I)MLQ -SMZ\3120N8Y5T.MKK<'G8C<$@W!

')


MEN?H\/3\KSNN
CDAI\O@IXSI8(-8O\HB_/T7VQ+
\$LK1G6]1-=;BVA?SCR'
M[3BKS:'*Z1JFNF)9%0;ZI)+'N*%\]C:_='BS$[#
/NAU





T59-$U(5^*B5VD*RW\Z
E5$:%;Z

?='IQ&






MC5@.\;:6=;][5NK!
]SF@HX LT@AE#B3@J.^(V/G3$KHAW86XS(&&DJV#G;3

MGI-7-K*P8:1;8D6V/K7%1F)E4A((86UB3BH/CM:]X'7MOXDBY^G$F:5DJ\-I
M;+8J0JJNL


4B'D4D5D(V((
MQ-VBJ7CJ$C@IZ832TM9*8-$M#F--H+UUH:U*]4%=9XHM
)U@JHX486LJ7K

B
MQ-[7'

 RLT&Q&^XM*5(NI'G['8V.V*JAFI0KM9XF
M;2)$W74#NK V*L+'8CH1S&([:U+[K=2P\0.8^C'D]
K:5IZ=/..R1%F UDW4
MKK(506.GV



MU=_XH[^T8/V_;^%:_P#DD;:&1OR2K?




=.H; W%P



S*)JL*\/#B?CR:[*#Q(U[C?)):13;;EBNJ:JHSG*J2



M

7P1]_M'EM5





M3OL.?7VXS A=1#EB% OC


MC
)HH




MIUJD:A1I(L$!N4Y7.GG@SS$J3(]PG!#$?% 6T;6[OB.O7 #N410S&YJ+GT

MZW$NJVOI)88^$FD:%1%:)UB5KDK)&9ZB2

U-*



MDBUQSOC
DODM



)&T[*;;N%


M]?CEOZP3]76V*=DJ


%1T9




-5M6^*/LEF[2K24V;TH:MJ'3B/

E4DO:.NFS71:18%^)H0UE M %*I


MX7EIR;\NG
C'3?WV_9@D6]7ZL4%'Y89/C@C4,;+K)4GPU+RMZ3X#Y/3WTA

)7N#;5YFH6N.\FQ!6Q)WQ




MD 
6IYN+3^55^1TP5$539LW@J98I(BVDZ*!JENX;2Z  38(18WQ45\
6=5
M]13-KHIJZK*6# /2R5#M&VEK$60JP!4'H1N1A@)5*$%XW0[#20RM?Z[W%N9
M._

; $ 7\TC8#U#%-8K)\



M;UF?O602!H&:

@3XZ_FV+

Z0;V(PV5^60O%*W!F,<HN
MB-# J,R:=K%+LI=6L6OW2=]A)V4S*#-*2IIJB'10..*H8QN8[EP.XI$BJ8[
M

MI)+-!/M9T:^G5;DX(*NO1@1@$'8_/X8R?;+:0==#?[;V^G'O[????Y\6V]_M



DECR# ;KOXVV_RYZ$9EV=R^
M(WU1T=+)&%U M:Z


M;A4[-O?23RN;[]


M*



MG;W\;8J7U


 ZI&8=78CVDX@P


@V'@K?/M@0S-4
&UL=5KDA1S]
M+7]!9@3U&^.W-'4U/9?.(E2$10Y?+.;C7*12Z:GFP!&DQ-I*EN76^
C^/[
]

%8\TT

ML-1)U8SA5CK*N32/+J.CKVT7T-4(TE+5RY)^

M;ES&UNA_UCX8JX99\JJ*=4D:2#M :B!-.F\%;1D32(#;6BO1PH[C9=48)!=0




\<=CG1
EIJA(86K


UM$




X--49%FJLH
T%




H#





=K-WD:]CO9N1QFN<T&4U-3QV^-B;\4MM;<F NQ 46
M93=B!WMKFXQ6YG5Y[13)!#4BJEEI^##$.))!)&J/)([KKTGBVCT:8F(8R-:

?\
M74J/IM[;8474W
AU74:K+HV5#I!(!-EU$[$:.X+WU20QGX
9]1FR^A-$I53H
MDU559-%(UULI5*GA6)([@8VN%Q()%ATQ1M*6#1K''S!*/;;O G4JQ[7.IE %


%1%*#

@SI$_&5/:2CCJ6[U_)XZ:NJ:9
M/R0'E




:
M.EH)LGRVH-6]9/%-G&8@


2#4[QZ%4;DN6  'K.
_R&?(6RZ*I


UAA*B@'KU'$KB&0HLD@#J;%F1=
@U


-
LJ\K-(.FUF\2/1RMOMX8R


_DU4C[

OZ_P&[3YK74%'6T+LOEE
BHJ


ME!:__#8:B;DG;%4FNA[31@]U3DN:( &W

LF6L1M8#_M(EB;7)3QP#R]^F
N





2.6 QOXX?E@[CV8TGPP01S^\W(XY8# XTC






MT#4YEBJ6L&4BR2*;J+;CIL;_ #8S1=


O_ 


1



2;H#\79;C97

V455-?N\::FDG@D%
MFMJ6&ME=R+ )'8[V+4L;0T\,9*DQQ(C6W&I5 -C[-O1TPOQ\O:&';0O9YY)&
M.JP,%?EU0NP8+J,B0HP8@E?V,FLU,W=#F&8DJ4U7C9%Y@68[ZK*-7+TA9
MIF78  %W

%2


K!EC)VU*3U]



L533((J2HN[ST\.\O#2,=\D:;D';YOJQI=B-LQO\@$F^
MWAO?$&8-1!?*\K@G?2=+S'



M9I)';7(TDA)8EF?1YQOO:PZ#$% ?*:1:L&*&K61D972Y$4E3 P/G:&$\#(RN
M P&E[:'1F7+
B]YM@P&P#<Q;;88IH*-K\*GA&_=8QI?38:

MS*%1F+M9  3K/YOB;[;8IO\ %J?^9AOM_FU]OKQ;'O\ 5BU\?9]GOOBFJ$I9

9-! S^
MK'*P+G8GN\3IT)WM<&17#OY)+Q(QIW&JSKNRZ&)W UL2%V\T$<K9OV:AS;
M!5RSR0%NY(BLLD8X8MW1JUQWL6?4-W+&V^_ FHJ*U.-47=&B=ETJJJ+O&J=X
M+L%4[';6!R(R^T]/'!K:/2&)

MM3Q2U-IYY(;HYE)7AI:_Q2WLS:0Y4VLNDELWIY::F9U%YQOJ1Y 2BCOZ2KD%
85!
MKECE-V.S 'H;=\




0/+*CKWA]0QDPO

M[2$^:%*

M

2696^9=&/#\#8XOX8OB^+XW^^98E)#21J5!9@74$*N[
;G8









M.QD!JY(P0-B+:A;DC#%;6T.699/E=!4IF.8YD8SG&9Q*_DRPPNLJ9?0/(%DE

M.E*JCI0Q^


M

['

7*5:SWDU;T4L*(1;?CKN-

MGG$
#2^42\-9X22D!'QB@E;[S5F3_OIIJJEJ?^SJVF@C@AK))34U%
R0$M44





MOSQE'E]1P56.HA-)Q;.O%CVEF9;RWTB4

M8R3CS4!EKEX53/3(P33H()_&1K'8!0RVN =^IW8NJ:HUT\662MHFECCK96
V.;H
MR4U-3ZI2ZF%)7[H2'O.L<8;Q(V/*^U[<HE^%8$GL\4R2*\U.X*-96,7#*Z@2
M!;B@!N^@U;7!,=,6GC$E.L9#,BO)WT:^HAHA(3(!JYV+-JJU^6*ZIS=\P%+



W&G
*BV_?CV_2B4^VQ\=OIQD6U=JYD0/UO;8?3ZO


/;=BMAL
9HX7-(

6- A.XJ*

]
M)4TZ1^4=^R/21
B


MBS
;#SF))ZG[T-'5U)M!33S$_P 7$[?2!;%/V.[0U #+E[HIMWI7C2U^I747






LE#5&S-0SBDJ&




?]@;?/B)9)JR1#+P


NJ

M#

M]K%L WQ\OW\
.2


15J8R*W&L+B1A+ILRQ.R[Y[P4=]#;;%2BB261^&L:$-

M*C4;Z=]0)M8;X

 C#Q2^:19


MN^:=K'.&F;


MQ641&2YM
\:W\BJR;$[0O9A[0?2-O'_ [)QR#*%1=3>00^B^PL.?+YO1C
M,Z-YTB!





M4#1CO7??;EC]S.7M'3I*]5)P($I6/'
MAIK+JOPF<-L38=Y#<G;E;?POBE[#P4W$@S&6JJV5322




6$PN%;IB3GX[VQVB'Q5,?SV^E1^K\#[@$R2YOV@RF3
MS:O+J6MV8W-!5<#S0=!WS$






?E-3#3Q1!




/SPG/V8?F
=

LJIL=-SYR^C<WOO4=H$JJ^FII)
MK/KT&/6Q4$LP6Q%EU


JH W&L%;\[&-2M^?R2









MG9_-LOIO*ZVE\FAUK&#)-!K9WY*L:R-(38



(;-I4:




4*(E/GDS)L]1E



M&0OI+*JWJ\VHS1YC34WEE1+F1I.)/4104:1)22B4!*:&:L+ERJK=JH!0+Z&8

CYW44TM)'14U+33J(
MY5C@A5WC$R5 4U%2TM9IXT
+V68;H+@B]Z7*LUI]30UAHRZZ)#!/
C.G=.A^



$K8*.*E





'S;VT6O9U/+&;L'S&=@%*P!0U[A5IXE53??9;#J/#;%C].!MM[^
M'ZL7!WY;_9RP?JQFPOF$_,=[P\/$VM;QT]ZW([#'9]@M6?R&W.WK]77GBG
MX:D6Z7.

M_FY^C#5
18 E0Q5M2'?2UE/.]M0N#N+C:QW.
PC52Q!\ZY;[/JQF!_?DOK'+

1L)(7BV[B6OZ;





K*L$=[(

C5R&

MM'6+:-'!AC8Q+Y(.#JCYHI[VONG?4?9@YU45.J-)GIS&;.U3
!'-^A(7+';;
M9#Z
25C*)'*S!8V%I)%U0.=_


L




?XN*-/T$5?J P65?/95]9 ^NV'J8(W6-Y



1!
M2K][N6)72G.YPR.M:S1Q-

+;;KM]Z+\5'^@OT



M%F5=8!NN3YJ^9Y9#F-.&4AGXMV^
#76/@6*]]%(+*;L!?7(#;%;59@E73^2N
MB

$R332*5L[KH6RG2;#5=E(4?)RJJSJ2NKJG
B(HI)6-/ I0B&-1(





M.I^
P4/P]5QI%]UU&^]Q:V
MRWR11$9GJ^*5
LL[&2SN2PX2D[V!.HD\@+&X

M_#&;@^73= )/9W6]-P+V-^MMQN
9-^






-+&W+P^;F





MHQ5&!7:DJ:-JF$NDQ:,N2IUL18*#8#$^:YC-#&WEREI^SF9/KHGM%Y?03%V
MGB=0K0Q)I(6R@DA!;'PM4UF5=HA5231RF+(ELS

MQ3:_
Y9F
9JNS55/

R/)IL9$X;]^QU-XGL& 92&5
M@&5E-PP.X((V((W!'/[W:7(JK)ZQG=GJ*6JD=X:IMV9F)=HY^@G%R2=A*.^O
MRU2CCXM731!=?$J(4TGDVJ118^@WW]&'S0U$51!2FGHZ-8*C-JJ140&_?\

OH

M31JQTVN5V-[D+MS .V)J7L]ED54WD


2 )

=93U+4



M_P#TU95Z_1SIJGVCT8S:D\AS7
:

EI%MJ



@D2%N/2,P,4QM(C*=6EM



M
@DAD26-KZ7C971K$J;

MU
&@T\]
;2

4



M*F^GY.C=K[?*-9EVN%IE$D+5451$!4(K1*@7NLR7(-C9N8\TD_* RRIBH:*.

B1/)^-#D7U*5)X



TH]//BBWM#6^GWMA^)' )6.HJ!N=_.95V]5^7U8E5Y$:5$5BN^WCJMZ


T.:U/$S*:*FDK9..E-Q)*@PP\.D1HO)DM&C5'$$:+-2Y=0\.:CJ
5E



U3A1_ZTD7U8S+MQEU?32TCY/+4PRBQ$U0D)!^2

M

8R5&GXF DNH)38
2


U4;0TT8TZ^AE8\_-[S$7.]]^5L1Y'0







_H_:
!M#*U@

M&JWCI\ZWLP]=3Q-AKDX^\? 37Q-K C8MM:U[[8ES+AK#)Y/((I;C7*1'PW
M#


@D11UBO95MP
MQIWWL2#M@YBL-!'44]

MDAE=19I#S8^.#?IZ.?T_1RP;^SZ;_?/O]I]@WPCK(BNNZL+@V(V]1L1[1BX/





MCF!:KX3

M@$/'+7:UM!O:V*2II
I[1M'25$
N7YB$0\&59$AE8V0
5) T37 Z+%-Z
5_9
MV*HKWJ:'



Q-/+Q'0P^4TT.RVL0LB-(;



LND:ELJLU\.L
$%+K:-TJ4M-9/
MC&8'3K4*24NVH6 )7:_B.)-3P*RZ875V
-.-)#V-_EX9M6U@!UO;%6IJH9*
M3,:E*?CT[2@)* X3@N'CAB!9P7UK&ALO$9MDTV)BRR)LT69ZF8QQ0E8Z8 *B
M!;1@2$[O*;7.H:EU7/F[Q)5_$NN!5I(T @EC9FE6X;BW!YJ!W22F^P7OXJI
MJ:D@ID#ZB:7AAOE=U3(SE1HTEB_=-@[
2#L

MK:]K_P!XMCL^ :P@VLT1OX6#B_KY=
4\?#WU:]8O9NFW3YOGQG/\@KW(N*

2]T 4=\EMAIWVPN95BU$
M5-%F!K:9


I
MK)(*5*_
*^MJ!
]33K#Y.TZ*T




!A$]_
7


&Y.MCU&*&6LILRER

KVY7N=]*_@Y+G.8+'1TLE(_DR1QI%(
MNH!UL+


T,M]-7'#
MTBIH/H
B2
/ZU\2]H
[GOQ

;S2RRGQDD9S\[$_@

6NX0FPT@C
M;2V).SYS#,5FE=FIVT<9)2+LP2UM6HW.P'.^W(WQET=%3PE$4?QJA!2R2
MWV);=K:3UZ^FV,^0U&7R0T432O\6NFZD)JNT88]\*264D6N&ZXRO(:CKT2
MKEBAJ7A:3R9)#.H[PVF;A1Z7UD&Q8[_*8C%9VBRG+D6BA3X2K68  12
0#Y






MT$

MV&
\751AK?BY0?Z)V^T8@.$-\*




MTBD-EGRMW%M)1P5'#'@7 ._/;&92 U\$D;5WIEUFG'QNE];+IW -]0!WY7
MP\E16T%3&*.13J1(E?XMG2X;B'6 I8%;M8V].



W3O:%'T

4]1D?


UP!63&/5S$



MGD!TEN\)^6Z7
FJ


M\%K30E((Y)IKHQ$.@ACQ&&F[(&8)&[]!Z6[-SU%?01U2A\MH:*.F+B70TSK&
M[
556XB SR=;'0EO3BM[)Y=+3&.AC%)4!T9)B\\O(]Y6#R-L5)(TV.H+TOBJ

YDDJJBH1HY
M)Y;7T/YRH-].K;42S











MIX9VF

E!-1Q20K-PXZCBQS-KDXR265V:2\FK:S
;+LNFDR..DFH




96+#EJWBE.PM?NWYVOAZ7M%$:W,W=Y


M2:EW%1(^_!ATMIC5N\1N2S%MS8*00



#RL #C:R@#2RV[Q^5I.XM^=ON/'8XS

M^W Y[83 W)Q/R'I_7C-?^[:@?FI]$T?X/_LZUP![49?))H 7+JZ-0H+'_&X*

MM
=MCKM??IBEC 6QM_1&@?62?:Q]G+'W;Z+7DF4UJK;R;


16ID2


MQ5D8*SHK 

M5[^_VXM^OZ
#Q]^N+VQ45TD3U#C4D-F8VXU@&VQZ'J
4=3%4P+402R)#41
MLFI#:10ZVN%Z%;W78[CE;';UD:;*5#22-#1/TTEM4RJX9)187;6^O8$.#@


M E7GJU

 D
MT@F(W)
=V4ZC?GC

WR.FJ1'7&-ZNEL4#4CRR0EPD@



PSC-VS.G
MH
N-




MW]:;:AZ+Q@:4\VY)ZXJ+2H*BE7SEL(B':S#;8VV8$V87Y#;EBLHYZI(8BR:
MJ=EBJ H[[H-(!:U[ZE(&C3J!!^0V#&,N?ATV7D:;G:+N+Y0BLR;]WA1Z@ T

M1BUU-UL'G5B T


11/(&36EW!U2.75FU;$@#N@D@$Z=/+U YPL:YE4K&RNBLHU+NI(C0-_


UI_+*+


D-F(


6;2)$5




#X.J/T#]#

_[(9]E^2SYE740AI8F@UDU%.[@S3)#'=(Y7.[R*



M^6ZWOX[G[/3AJZD7G
O]$%OFLIQ+FU+'TE?8$:5 YJ&'G
IY$=






MD9P4
\@ L[V4*NBP Z]

M)(O=YL3*]4U97=H:?=*3
T ]

M^66.=HD:8


E/-Y//49=1T


=DZNJJ\L)J6:0Q5
M#PQ2N27:
)&UBQW;2S



M.[?*YBH

MCD.Z


MR';

Q7;Q\FD
MN/?J/\N[-%_@;+$55T^1Q%F.UNZ.1OS\!:W6XQ(Y#-$UG1@2 E]OE'D?#Q
M%\9S*4







M!_!^YUF'P9VY[+5=](^&*2F=OR8J]O()B?0(JER?1?%[=?GQF

MIQ#RV!/OX^_JQVII#F'9O.Z0L/CLJKE5$%_C#32%#J:]PLFDBRIN/9CLE-'P
K?TVW&.QG9
M&;M34RZI&IZEMQYPFHO(UM%/&-2W<B[.;_%K8G=D!KNS=+DU D4O:W/
JI_


2IR[)\Q+Q4;YE)9+NPDD


M(5NL5_QD2=7AXD8)7I9AGN8U]9+)\$B-*B2&GE)G:0QZ'8K(*8(RK%.B(=7G

M[I
[[-UU/2TI@BAFIJB.2U1%)
SN32QT]Q8MQC(Q!650\;)YV&J*3+
^I*:O
MJ'ED@I:G7)(C)2B228G2=5SNNR


:A]/?I*B/:6#6LD=W59 ]N(JEU7$;\*1'*ZM)9M)Y'T



M/F][XX\A@-.S%HPZR(=D*AE-A^=KW]0Q\KV?X6GKV[3YE3Y=5+1RRHLK2-












U[@].0Q#D51G%'D]?4 O6&&6OB9BDU0E

O[/PTU/KGAA&G=:?NI$/2UN?I)N3S[Y(OY#
GF
HFX8[T


Y4D$E+3-'+4)-*@5XR[*?WPJ


YD
M5)9X*V?RR_QA
;:).$GGCRC5K70\E_A_*7
$5-#3R5/D]WJ!3I/4
Z+I=8_B
M9)94[SMI0^:;:2I*XH
TK#3!F;0ZAWD



MDE+*OYG/;GCL9F





-

]/)/%3K4?
M%/*)%$8[RCS VH+N^B/4V^YV/6D:6)()C3O11R)&:E7*

MJ1R?








M5
$8N==V_<5VSJ

R11;QLJJAM
M!]ROLH(H?WM415,(%JRFKJJ*H$@_A5^-:)'#=X%8P ;;6QD\&9Y0ODU17R9O
M0HC&*JKBYG %!*QU

8(Q3F1DBG


7DFD&J0@4YND2
8]1
M[I#

M*TDE175%0\RE8A=E5-+1*L? 2



*V*-W#K2T





M34+A+2H0NF0$CO#L[+-PS2YA5B)#)*G?X=.LOQKL)8B[+K+76P4
H-8&YMF
MN04PJZ4P1TZI4S/IF4,'1UX=0) TJ2%U@F43C@W8HJC;2\4TD$[4*1()*F.
MO^)+%FBA@BDX
GFZ=#


RZZIX9%-1HXDL[
5Z&P--%YD<<BW6GC9D


9'Q8N-
SAH*



MU?E+5U0G&9DX2*E(CL+ -)J+F62W]'EWFPN5TW9^D

MN9)B[GO(7U:-?YH%FOL-TW%]CC-UXLL#5$(E4EC$LATIK(!TA7(N;W(XBEM_
M U-234P:I9:=H]*'A0RMQ=*[#2R\-=0&RQARK;]PMEH'KQ%4FE[DA%EDDL

M)8&^:S'(IH:?
3*8Z^%DI6=U:GI]%U6.?O/?^#;C:38LP=F75HR^;LM73+33






(\#WBP'48SI!%%5:;Z98
5I9/)]S+JF($0BY6V5A[7WZ<\1R0

K_HQNWU XX

ZO


T)XLEP+V(5KWWO

P?AT-23_%
H];]T?21^%V.CBG
M6L0QCBQM$PE%@VB0
-!/
H#&=K\WP:+3?O


C#Y&F]K/NL


MZ7TNS





MED@HI9_A)I-45-(\C((13R@Q2(T7$66XWX5.^G4-2OVI[.TQ+29LDM3#$R6A

HCJ'IJT:V

FIN$]I ^@F2ERK(Z?



M4D*O-WN%)JLH[/RS9;DC(E;G+ E2A$\3\1W#M(5(T 

3J:]

K(P#*RE6!Y$

ML9CDU11NS1(\U




M:GH*Q50@W(-.Y5T/RM#A#?H2?\ *,^JIZ+*JFIII.%,A@TOI1K:YXT;NNK*
M;JQ&X]6^,AI.V':/*LSS#*ZJ:IDRL/+40145(X2G18RTCL(M2WXFQ
JA69R
MJ:G2+

[J*C0M:
M6B1M+OP*6S/U1(-]/RVY7L!?

/59K!


E\*S0RK*O-


]'15BSQY@6R^&.-8(H1Q0


@/CJ@
MBU'VOJ^][?P/9CV?@6.-.+8L
'[^2]G*[.6+H/)Z*._&K)5/#%N:Q#;C2?FJ







\D
M0BX:1\1.0



/**V*()/6Y
M?+2U%/3+P]$A



:7[PSU*@LF S W-@:@B'
QX94W !E=#<U#MO.-\]U]5G)'-:2^CEU=1P5



TV4TM95P7%F&=76Z19S
*1#FV)J&]5K7EMN2


MB]KL_*0N+0EJ8H6U=KCPWTR



P[+<JH+O5ANT# ?E&8+;R47
I;Q


O^9 K3BG42]UBLGZK

M0+8+DT.!I!R/R?H O@U%[[[\E!*]VX;K43LWJTK8/D$\PEF7*3=BEA
V77DN

M\EK)?I&OF5R

.S'/(%SIQB;5J '#@J-;#*,;^Y*
MT];WZ/+:SRP/U2V^^2S_#N @ESS/M$SK#HW35D(-=/\O*$P=J+G2.-O


=E ]6$_B@].+EU5Y\]_K\BB*
GPR8UO<5.\B._A
DR9R6R!2(^X


M6G/AF]D_C3Q

6E(5?.$GR


_@CZ'MBXLGU^O4TJ

V:J-R

MZR6




4*2)66Q





M5#[O*5C:;/IR$9.O!Z/+5PRSV]C91O@AE?%O))\!CP.C\!_
NG6N9$]P8'K#
MI-\:6SLO!



ML[)+A/Z7-%109N7A]?9R59I:_WI*97?LG'D$GXO4D'J%LES?]=FU=YL?36
M?6E\!V!R566TRW]C$0PZFKI\P@1EIGK.4SYJR[G=3H7RM
%\9I?CB@--IC

=-V9-G8MH'I9^NHK*RHL9\857EM!!4$

M?M:50^ ]27X67\SJ'3#3:N-H&
FEV54


9057+7QSP)N
M[2.BA^(

_#D87?GOZTRS-)

M4I#BQM84PH#Q=&OM)-:3W

M*):


M8JET% %WNO@11

5C-6 U;/?MN4

MY/:)R%?5@XE@X^R#KK^Z4IQ(6&H

!8'.%C6'F7&A=


M=ANUD-TV&?0(Y[M1E?OPMIFA!(K[\QLD\@OF5%HXGBCE* DV\S7JT
D\)A

M7'+X#]Z_:*WIPT'NZHVU?:0RL*,4*2*^Q+SWC!ROW*U&:@
H@=*XF]=! Q

&4ZDC^:Q&S^'CO!.;\S% 6\48EL






^8



T
)Y*N2;%;
M%V;L5!0K
D*J(X_4#S1N%/;0\-PSF@WD#Y9'6)!L









(7/\&VC-&WF/#@U$C




M






MFCWZ:_*MS/D'QCL3_6:VF#



M5E*S!.:@C V07=4[X

M7'ZGH(-W
P\DXVLW5*6


++&=^/QT;WH5K.TW
7P []1'T1:&P]\?#9QO:R


M
QP=&*?1B7



M%E=R+)P6NS$6VQ9Q%/N2-^J@NW42.LAVL#4LYF=(XZ S9R8N!R/_SJ1P?;V
MZ7 ^GNO$\_SQ\:-%V.(JAGS'4//?%TGJ19&ZD9_$:N76!C
MWG=[UCB_9!




M

7B+0Q9W\NR7E^.0T:#$;4&

M1J8*



MZ=G&;N]C5B-(.4C.#]+N2\I_04%XN[6S %)OCQT 1 73?M_0D!.\VEJ9)[55

MQ*K].LWU99$6F89R@326ODS4Z=I&3%5 5#TX*[Y%_(?IG%:IEC;.W^FVZ_HV




M\V&11OQ+':)5WHK=@@L;%GSJKQY/!M-0FX4/OP/*FA-[/X11N7?FG0I(X/








M]^ETTEDE(IZJ-%K/_M0:XHR2H'SF6/G!6(8

MK3G.5M \LGFX+'DDO$PWFGP_I+5VI%BF272RZLDY$3V-FC\][O:#7/[[0%ET





$Z85G5!V0UK:SO8TJXI*
MVP;%@'TJZ7

V&O_M^K[G$ (6B)R7+7^S
M$\;%


8\JE

MXT&F_&FD=\#GFA-@AP5_P!\4V9!)IQ:X=QKPNM$R

MK




0W)8\_=WSU+V#/[!UQ0DZ


M]_CZP@^M$']C3J)N+4FAPR_ \HX7TO(Q]?!Y_\J1-SB?&O[IIMQ@960_9PA
M5)N20F-2TXNG/$RW$B3K+A6ZIW4S[C:^#+S+#:QY$L6G#[FI .$9(5=!C/I




MR
=(LW32^#E.^1M+4KA$]9^GPQGM-G!@

M44[7]PY8?G 'N]AML98L*Q8&\B^9XNET;0.)9 R

M+?R;$!:&HBW-?2S)*[8QUL3PW03.M.@2:PGDU:O$*%!ZK
'HQ2=]S
T'U?
S

V@846
CFVUIW;7#


C^U^7M$)@[(A*31U7[V












7^IX[6$F

M;J#RPS&=N7&DAL7C8SW6RR#R^FO@:K_JQYG!*H_Q[7;DB:70PT6_J+;L#9L
MP$EGW:*%\]MQN_%Z_9LO\KC;RU9NMHQGW6Y



MJ

3<PDTB1HM\7AHX %266DLV2


M!J;\RO?A];KS$-_3/(U%Y9()^E848I0M&OE:$@A#:OFAFB86-H; \:$O;]







Z$@O DS7U/VN=<T*=
P$L')05OQ90^/AWSO6


(?0F


MZ'3OZ-/^]FM?K-9J18&7/OL#BR^Q:;IQM.+A.GA7P*BV)2UG6TZ=93*&(]



MRQX-W.XD&G_E[T8+6

MO25&!JV1_


UAVAB
2[B ++ATV!/M!NN


@87W^F
M:Z:6+Z?;IQ&Z


67-%43




C PSQ$7M!^E2
*2R47U;\1V$@?(8

F6]/Q0
'%9/'<4/8$8
M)TF?U
17[<_.(91[7$8







M4A^



9O=;S]C([O*J&^5



=6#7!YFRN8E=HR@O::G=C'?]3FS


JS2M;VX5%1
K05#/RA/(RTQ]44)HW9;8Z<VJ^*XD)H


5\//-)M 7;JH !P0!:<R

M[QD#I7&;

-#&$@M]4FS'
W!?LQE.6%&-0=W

O#-[MW_F_&!-4%I?5JK5B;

K
\.
ML0@DMV8D M!,YM1P?/10]GEG53L_+C&/W;U;-E/]2<79\OY;??M6Y38:8:(


KCJA(]J:IF+^
MTKRM\WUU\FI[=GABY_2F
;+OT*%  8.BG68'.:F*(]#3&UJR?ZWG;8IMD
VJ

W^2B5R)R9A^=;?'XG5SYG)

P(
^W8.*$[9;\4XYWP
S):
;L.XU1/P=H/X_#WM_T.^9ZK] TK?


M:)8@C'@ /XC

M=K[Y+Y- DXS=A!\

$=Q@T


QMG0Q4O1&
ONN!:OK/W_Z9P

M
6IH:AJ]
M]+;,]\3RXH0_P%7@-9/%LCO*5
'$

M].


M 2[FT8[GG:N=

M

ZK

XKTREYP#:!5


M$-QH+P$P^!-*W'=+?I7!$3W_
@Y)-G\PALH1'8:4U JH3'&+JSI)^#M=7%M


\TRB_+J.Z&EK
^A?;C-^Q*]Z/KU]_E:O
MB'A:87JNHY


NW5_XY

LTZOU/W/;EVV=UY8_&L

MOVL^^8\5+W
==I$%P^O?PY;AZT\$5\HT;[@&^H0CFX_)+S8BF*:FP5Z%]$@W
 G









 O9:R
!75



G80Y!DM=OM5X W/\UWR@S





MD96/C7;&!
]9\EEK@?;I6QIXY$8V]J#5N?G!R6Z&2.1^NDS@)8(=:S40)!AW

Q%VOQ7GMJVG*)-QII(W-\
M5[


8R$<24ER.









M+\$3G^YB



0M

(7
:II




M

M


M=S\]L

M2W&2LE'6?=
#K5+IWY.
</[Y8?X\_:XFIW]IH87M





&_-7[RVSN%;EU7
M#PP2ZX9Z:'#/LMA:R)9D 2.NM.
(D*C9G9H_X

M@G7/3 0@L3P73PN

F*:I/#/X
\F(
MJ8JBVWX)@#F4!$5LHI5I94&+




YPPKL9 @-@4K/4$LH^P#
EVTUQ4-'KHB79MW/*




;7J_T4S)P@C
E4.J9&:U1W$Q3J@L?
MFPQ^#6?


(CF=V!Y
:BH!\8)'U($8)M;]/%%/\B9J%.A*.@.GX60\6MX!YZ
MNY8QM^FYY1[1:7J2^/Y?9MM1Q_/Y'W\XP
X'J

M-*
&?D=\2]^WQ39XCQ'X7#
7FIC9JNR'N2\R&!4]1#[Z*5:R&?E)/K&4MW S

2NWV:67U)_E6LI4397Q/+@-:A?33<%R]!J]C



YZ ?%B7! D
M1GC!KHJBVMHHO2IT
2<4*WQQF^-UB@;HX%VL(EU$$:^RA

M0E@!T$W?)IIH#(Q67:G Z)#3!%/VG*^V6I8C\2QP8Z_XXV[7\3I8?!W1^+(



]'_\83D]QCOUQ
M\8M?NJ*78MX






M?

M^;G3^U







M

M36
=.T/^V(IEL
(DYRY5TV13_1FA4\CNBYR](D?^LD9SIE\I@B#U4UG

U5\03[;BL41EC0?
H2)_T]Y9A._Q_UC7)M
K'X?]JFVY2 #-:

.^'; .0



[]3Q
+'B

M?[UY)&Z;[1\ 1TIU8UM_GN!@L4T4^B5CBIX[LA'*A'MQET

T-

$ZX:8T_?&[[3OXZ]OZP(@O'EG_1]#[+5

TYH+1+47ZQ^+D061XU_*I&SPH[BH0W*][H)@%JQ&:M-!6
M4J=2CA_G
Y@ 7#8@#?EC]DBO6/X7&L6.6H#&M+%J_N7?ARR#*8![UM%C QBC


MLTYQ
J!Y&C#GA!
ML,NRZ3FZ%BX=&XA;TVS8H3&VSL/Q:J?=XNG4-= \362?ELQVY\-.QMMU$6


MO[Y!^


M?931;V:6
3)TM








UR6F%



5DH2@!:U=];0A#(-





9L0Y&I4QE.FKG^6%%L?W 2:\/J








7\(
SB72AX1U-XH
M]$
=+= 'I0*


FE[T#@Z_.7WN[$*WY





ML8& :GEZ:3^D&&NZ\

Q
_3]
M\05@:[X1^\!2:*SBW.HQS5B7=] H.ZD;S\$5(%I5\#P%8W5IUFEXM*W)7.)
M=76H'

MW%-O_$NRPQMV=/+RH&6#!ZZUV?:F.DJ/ AD(S]XI_AOOF[MYHKKH^:T==(PW

4&Y^L=U?N1KO(]!AMF[=-+KG$5AJ%/AR;XU
M-!B6#A%R3'O5?O6@)#9'#/_LC_/M[9O.Q(E.)%+
_)E0T.H2G:S9&E<-.9H* EDI[TBRI+]3

M1

L]B.8W9] B41K]

0+M8(9*PA
M)*-AN*%IQ3B\-);:X5&HR9GVQCMN

&#XZ*6-<


V*WQ4(&B -06 L

M4B6W;^3ZJ=HE!MX@PN1EUL]Q_$R:3
6'\M21DY7#GD0%HGJ 2@# T

3
MEU4=K7::/ENCD5T]2K*=ADP7B&[0(9
G*J:[.!RDST5J-WR?GN=3RFKKFOL+

).]0AZ34KYX3O2S/3!:B:3 !GZ$VL_R?4/O []^SHL&3KO5HC/AIKU





M@D'Q:TV4&;U)1B*9//+(#_
DO1_X?R4-/W;YG4N/.QQH5:D]HE-;[06QS

MT

M
]R<I@F&[W06[YZ-!:_?IYJ 1--29O!
M1^1\Z<;. EI_NL;ZGFA\WK1D7Z;'67=W6W-@:UU&0L[Y8'FD:L*$8-!.:HZ

@4HVHB0AT,!G'@<PNFI+FK9^:8L&!_.60(:8/ ;B'7H[,
MYU^+D:NO5.'HRXD;'O7F9&3+NC1)[=UHI6?I'OE,)3=VM1[38:C(HA8#1IJ
MIGJA$F'!+(2+&64

M9\) ZYT)B)N:P&ECD[%RJ9+*IT0-!LK?T!1-L]JT&2-O;A&Q.N/@.M0^\G@-

]A1WXGK*,O9&0YV0O8(#]%XJ,W'S-ZJ0@A
M)Z4]VLK6)K4+0*6\\J;XI3DU


M#M!

3E557^.OEG86XCU90R$8$CUI/












:U D5PTE;)Z

.+D&

V.@-4XHA!-BSHD5S ;V-I-CR7K+DF-]I?M7
M-].W




M2FHVR!D$=7B$$]G%\936
WXWTN)L:Y\/2?#$&'V(*/_;O4._)Q<<]Q.FP-%8UB]O9KFA\-$

MU%#N:# #=7[C4-OF$!80'8Q)-[_J_=N?*:(YBO+G7HH@5^,+]+94R%. ;_6
MBI+N8F0%?=KDB2VUTI\A]JL72-TUX%:660Z.$AX JXPCDYW FR09$25T518
M7/*D1M X'!A1.^U
KMX
B_]X(
 5K$$8N.B\DM$7S2\/^'(';FCJKS] %OS/
M3X4T?





MZ]!DAJKP\\'2@?9WC@/S-
=:590;=K+$;N5FF^R]2'Z_M)5+S\/.A\3=R+/)
M574M'BW(\I(?-
6[WI$R640-'L##:6I9/_1Y;#4&BUO
V?NL;XV\]A&M7N/I

6M.X//_'P [0


MGAI

6W2/\R/?KVX?0ZK^I3V(0I5






M!(MHEQ1' ]?: 
.









.O#I(51'13-M24@GVS'=BG
M0V)S&5+2C

F)%\LX0E3:\
MS9RJO



IO

CN5$5#5#5-,U(8:4[YC4**&R_=5.^3EBL)2B



M9W6:PR$R.Q8
=4X=4




 VA;9G
M]%P3POJ




Y=)ZP+XJ$!/FP L%Y1S W39UU


M\^J_VV[YM[.L]4:]@M@\)ZN46.O/3UZ@VQL
[O:M)UK4-0?RC2T=QO)Y:6_?



Q%XZ^S#].
_X7Z_LX
M<)&&IWC?6XCAUB-9XR;WP#U3KR/LD1^EZ@2,9M23\?;C:3I<JW$?1;5 CCE&
M7U6)C#W10DV,^[(Y8

?FB


  7
M))-@


#''&[HU)*@A*-$Y
MTG,D$Z9DS('/+8#Z*K#%4WNW$*2L91<%-R0)A(N!THN)PLE(F.5^
CQ/;BB

:9RJ

0=WG3F#M4XWLUIANDVCYQN*9%






MS[\93.*BG%13/
'1YAQDS_O$K3[E8V$I3NR=GGBEHLJZA3N.


M*L(^K
6'.((DFR8N.'(K U[X[

ZXAM$_5!60)
$QJ8

-;:9+I4MMQM@
M/(0XZL7I'
T!FL:LNGSWRN]-E1N5@81E=Z)_C62T;:RVM*N
:)G#%-O-G;04


M2.C

\<ZK


M(P3PS =4_BY3B5#KP%#Y:ZB9KZ=;#H%Q\VOBVOZ*DG77TA])



RGW7#]-1


M;L_4GM4?A&-RU_))]OVXW;?\FC^R#[QCW?(E!5@ (OQYX4J?'C[_ 
3;XVCY
GGE<):\B=MN+4C+2M
(U'R=7LQD1]1'<D#W#&1&F4







#W$CQ_9.-A_-MU]-_--IUE.D?F*=2XD]D%7
MKPGT )/I* 




MQ72Y1TASYX=4HIRI]

4^

0LR;
M#*949(LDW)PT\MNHV:XE;I:-?YNZ ZE+!#]
^VC
D])U?G&YW:19(2I1@B^T
M$_
MJXI=(/( Y^_@
7=^NW ^V=,;('_25'_3I/L\<3QL. _[4M.=T?62I/]

-[7=/24IO+!.E^[QZL.EY;@?6
MM+:3TM#%YRB9$D@3T9M@[0?.5M2B&RH!6[
'6(G3321$X;VDY3O*0M3E$

'QUQ@5Z$Z




*A9
2
GCKPVL0I





MBD?


&#Z-H]LX\FBI%:

5NO






P@
MSYF$;SI=
%:N:5;MI*CFXC
WE4Q8-(PZV&NDT5#5I1*HG.@7E


B/W0)5
+Y3Z:M![L#E$:=HU/CU8
5O2CW=FA
MN<#]]TUQG3S&)G3!,<!P$QI\BUD&!A1.0'LP


$0


MB)[
P]_R-CC@N'A]^

MB[#8V.T0'7:JH4%U#VN52RXI#2).Z;4X2XM.92EK.9Q:H3E_'!(T)QG5S.,
MZN?KPE9)@X6(5\C3C2TP%C.D *3QG#I0V-95&;*FY@9]5^9PBM#[Q(01NT9
U _&D8G!.).-1CCB

ME
)1E12TZQO7''J]T&4BL6Z9M02D2W1,DM74B%*4BPELXJ'*AX)2XZ!DD-


MD<<NWM/9A?ICE]WCCA0/ZL-#



MQI;7WX??I:7*BHJVFW%M;X






W
&.0%TWGE/6TQ
MCITC][2&]&U%*@A2C SA)4!ZL
TX<!.L7,ZGKP[9:
M?G$IEO,E(O=<@J(L4IZ)$WZ68'@H;,Z.UJL*45KV;0O=(I)S4[U0RJXNJ6G

 K/8
=)9\6QNCS&.D@\L$Y
MD$^+?(VN;'7#NH[









0QE&9/(WP$




#T!M1;3]'EUW^.!3C.AZTEB3QXI /J]48=

%'
M_2F?'Z\*Z(!

MJIA9TDO2EH=N?I1Q
8:4D*@D63K_ .(V([8)PV0I0(T)0.XF9[IQ7?DD$19R

S:U2WF&D2I2)5
 !202-1.:YBS'G52:APEAIFGJ7:9+;:'?.


MLIUR3253U
G/&8

$^D)&FHOU2DE7I2 3!04P<T$3ERSQCE?&T4;UO95 
\[
M0VDVMT:!=)1I-8[*AJ)83T2=3/;5)3E1?D1R475'N_)F,-+0TEE3E5K&H4

J+=^*A:A1N*2I(W-30/DQDM*JVFJHF3&04RUB]PHI43)@.#=*<
M2JZD**38_1)DVOV2+S-L4BOW6T!:%\1J

1FL;[ )_!=(S
^;;^A-




*&0V[L$E9PY;*GD

-

MI)1(&J H1$@'T8OH

NIC1

MX8S).8C5)2E(U43;KDQ/(X##\DJ;F^6V6$J O?01I;C
8=H4I)W2Y44B0DIN


Z]6












MCJ5*RH Z.=4:*V@C\D1;I*!)ZVF8FQX@\
/M!ZBVG3IZ2G-GU63^F0V5-F#Q

S
2+R)&
M%



MSF?A?CKP&-)UX#V#2W7/M




  GC'7J)QD=Z;1(2T.
MD4ID:P;6XG7%



6Z_7]V+=?K^[%N1]



3D?2%I
M4G,H98<KC* 3Z9W8)9;:_(MMMI26X#2$I'HA5@D?6*9[
(;5G$:!Q /80DG
MOE4'J& G*$QZ*8Z@4E 'COPX,JEI(3T2M/&9H$?&\18]D+:W8BXA2AM2

F5DQ/0NI
]ELT]




U.F@







MA@B;'!0I.E^L8S+TDX2@JUTP+6QNSFFVL^W$@:F
DJ(,9ZM+=^

\\!6Y=(4GCE5
BW @D^CQTPXZNF2DM.PEP#0G()LJ4Z

0YI '(CB




B?2@ 6OBM

MIQ(L(\8QKW6B?LU[^[$R?5^OEXC&SCGH:-7.GIB9, R@%#TE]:4]NH&*K\
MD!^=$6$7/T1Z

MB^&%2E
#K[^.#JD\P#[


 Q@:S@S

M/7RQLY

N&T_-C_

MH!
A.\I4!())*G)$BR72%.+6 84I2APL2=?CUXK
K8V4[FA7X42U%OXVDK6E
M7(F-TIPD @$3BI!S1F@*!RJ!B#


MLI;7G205)2D6]'G3($:F5*@63-OK1ECL/(& ^[3KI+(+517M
.@I5G2EYE

M)@0..HP74U*]F)H:;:+RF=J4]0M]R@?I6$

M86V5+49G









DY2

)

MT;;]12K.]?Z:J:
O2*\R4%46$91^-MUG
\PY'\6I']E4_PO4QF!.6T^H8?

M;!B$ C*(U'P'B^)SJ1J82M/+4$CAH1PL#IC8KP:1M6G5_LVU*A(Y97U'=6_.

M-
YE*;E$PKT]RA9 4D*NHI!E(!+;1BWWZ\/46UG%%97LRDR@M_--UE40%N

2D8





K
_F5)4J


ML.#TIN
JH
&-ZKJPJ[<]0.$*RSA2\UHMAM
M






M/W#JZM ./+@/AWQPT]FP59METL\&W.$Z/J'$P@&(D2K7F#BK@MB(/SAO'^I7
M25US;B/2P[P'(GMO&*4  $ZD1\C7'QR_&1Z![_=A*53R&/XS^KA07)B?7A0(



;5M0U)$24?
MZQSX7X]

MK_1^*XXVTDK=6AM U6XH(2)M=2B /7CS^BRM+%4RI#SZ:9I;;B7$K?7Z+04W

PDXK-O4]([6L%I:G:)-
M0


MQLWR@I-IU;E)3I6ADO9EE(S!*T((1/\H#
]V-K#YME?)PI_M)G_3COZN?C
MKQM




M8_SU OU_B;91\ZVOZS67^RHG_4
!





M-:E50B^=@
+0; E#[[Z')'$;]Q
U[X(U2J+R#,$<9F;=1!D'LQL0H\XVFANX_-.X
MF)&4/TE
MP1^:^AY




P*1)B9BVEI/'%

M42(U!UXZ'G''%.ZD

=
#IA



VHI7&662%9?223
MF0/IJRI!O.-H;


MRJ]M


/K:S\)XX\G$M-;3@(RK6RM(
:IC-KU


*4\I GEDS* ]7#@)MBM2=R'PH@TE30512 %2BFK&7EGT







MH&9121'SL+CT0! Z^(/9BB96TR\ZAMN$ @K6

M9E1'1


$Z^O_2]7R.^
MFL<)P$D73Q^'/#:2E(5(Z6@!O&E[V[\$:=GPQM6]!4:^@5<#]-%__J])6A&


!IL-I9#:-TE*4I
M;RC($HC( G2$P(Y0



M2LV6Y.=M40M*8L 9PRNEJ'#NW64N!+F\Z2$ID:V*B;Y.4IT'6K:5#3J+(WCK


\[Q'VX4#J8Y]7OPM4)/#QXOBF_)GM'CQU8\EE?NZJ'_
M .G4?4ZS_P 7XFU$!5&Y/TA7^++[E'#MUJO(!G0@P=;Q?E[L
$YXX ?8!KP
M&'C(DVUTM;XX8/SC8ZX_M*CQ'?C:\HK-AU9T16II2.7GBW'9\V9/(C&8*%
M=9(/(@7^/NQ6+2E#68P#4)3

MJ*T%71


M

BY]'([/&Q0J;$C3K

 J
M.]2OB8-\52BNOV4VE9^;IMH53B




M=2&60W3YMVZ\B2T=5:6P]44CQ&^IFZA*3*0ZTVL!6=[I)W@.4Y%BXOZ2=-1M
M%*4Y&J9$Y0(D 6ZDI2,*VB^HR,B./13-_ZQ.%5E4HR7E3^;.$?1 X84M:_



MSTL;Q

(3E&
JLTQ]+X_)NKV
?(4I.HQNT\L:
M?O54G/2U*/K
/)];:AAAU#+3R$M2X$_.NJ4 !T\NG
3:(L)GAA%4ZMI32G5N

MN/1

M.)(F

&SIA.:(O\ G63!
M$]F':O.\H9B$3!2+)M
?;XL






_['U-(1M=ZL4/








1I//#?D
M]3
)#OF^])D@

6$!1R]*=
;/VA25U1GIZE#^Y
!EUO=95R#.^


./''DQ_UB_::=T&-+.L?=^)6(Z2H2?Y%P]Z
M4E0]H&X29MW8;=.?E?F?'O[<+25BP)D]T=7$GQ?$[H$7E
J6;ZD:1I?06

0



0 2A

\YS=HC#CBG%K(O$ $Z2J3)%HX3S3B'UN9*=AM\2XE2EU64 H(3
MOFGE7S0$*-\;-H5,;/*C

M





M9&77-U$Z$6)T!Q3H8W:U.IS4A$'T4)!XYN)]=\5*J5#;3=.
ZOIE4C
5$3

VO;7LP&=R^4+3)29(BP($E
QV
M:@##]1O(41NY
)+UND1\




)^X





MS0TE?5[LNIHZ9^LW*5!.\-.VI[*#!A2LD D&#PQM3]D.NVD5)\V#5/
AA+ZM

RE/UJVBHQ

M-'3+6\G/4
-9'&6VDO*K%.MM4X6I4CR9\E?PW6[88VC5N;&8V!LJMVMM12Z)
MRHK&V:%QIIUE%%G867@MT9PM: T HJE4).S?V(MG.5&T*&OVIM1VI9VS1[+I


MY=;+\L-D-
L-LT&T]F4[+-9LINS;33:0TT_1 F54*@D)2)*Z94
.D_-.O5:]

[
I&5OJ#8'1-0[?=R27!
D

VEIF/F5NNYE'I* *
MY*IN(B-0;XI!MZL=8\XVDV\E:@M]NG;#;6[XI*@9-N


=Y&%)([)'KSJ[3QY\
;;ITN[/JDWGS-_+^FG(I!



YMI;C%\9E1$F/Q'?RKD?RJNS
MTC?WX^!M


M2G5([I! GMX]6*7+YNP$K#B0VA(6/I!( GOC]\=JZ5C\O4T[/]*\VW_G4

O
M

M;:6X5%O*5^C9

M54I:##S3JFGZ?/O


M2RYBNZ03QL


MO;#=1!;;LM*%(
IE*BH1(F..G'6.6*ALN.;[T

?;;%.MRFBH)SK59*#






MU;M
R
MLI5#2G%K;RN'-BB7^R,^EE&S4^5ZDM4;&SFOP<SM9$4-,IU5/2YJ1<U.RIY

Y:3^32A4YLA*2$




M2M24J*'''%DDJ&7Z
\/5J

MEY8 6O/F 
@$.*3$]48VM3+75.J0+MJ4J1K?IZZZG#K[D^ATN)B_KP0F%ND$


E94HT!7FX:
MNPOCPZ7




1@-S(S7'*\]F


M'4?(]&]=_I%_YCP]7=?'M_7XX\NS'V]7+A]WKXG3[.KP(_7C3X=?=^NW6
4\




_LG:X;;/F[S;K=.\X2&DJ+:BD%

M0HE8L%N&Q]AB!QX\


]LG3''N[[_'373UQ?X@3QUMZ
MSW\!C9?1H:8B;

MJGH5[NOVA5
4=*L?Q96K.ZZ;&$(:0O

MLY?G:FE0Z'&701'SZV@HI&4?.Z1HWM![;FTF6J.OJ*%A[87G2T-9XQ6-[1

)!2%5#L-Y4VWJ5-=$

MVHYYQLQM.WJU=([LQ;JJVBI0IRH?34N(!73H:66RE(W:Y2%)*!GZ9
L_A':%





<Y4959B3 8N2;1 XS;&


T03*3T


M4UCP)2!G;)




M

NO$J06Z9+K0;










U;+%,U34K2W'62RE*G'7EE=.ZWO%/O.K<((2E$Y0D
MZAKR?JJ1AIC9^VJJD33N5.Y3N&GF0Q4.;S=.,NJ(=6VJ<CZE2 3$DDE'DNN
MF73.T&U7J5^GIW6%O&F8J%/E]]50\X0[T$YEJ@)#E2D=(F27-@UJJA=4C;=
M0RX_2T]+5K9I*=+CX8!&=*[^;J65*/S*1E.A,8_ U#^OP/D5YGN\GI?.YL^




M-:]D_1**:MLQVB1-2'




%K]_
)DT


MRKJ3S



=]GEN$X?


)&(


M!_@3E% H&R&ZI/[S861E9L-NE:[[L*5/\G/3DP%/?A-)?3T2( 1\M4'NXSQ-
M(UNS2O;S]]82*_E!J- /(/Q-

MC[GZ[+)O[W Z.:N=DMABF7*\0*I*Z?


M%#H)(@.0T,?1CZT2/-',ILS][JO*4F&0!8QWGS@R E^).U?[3S))W\40MB

@@9 7J:?.F5FMT+F/PQOMJA6Y+T(







MC ?
'%&6+:L\^S[?

M:DWA &:)
F@ TPNGQ56SY.:'B0-??Z*ZB+.PD&TW-@0PQ.JR:H%L'8DHFWR


M*


MBXP*[I#/9Y_4

MN7Z

4O6^I@9HFYEJ\O'[3




[B0\,7VM''9MRPC6&&



M9^0P62+P27L?G$6_ (P]]]5+!^7?:L)[S/3*N;.'MIZ!_7@B8VM?#A'8%]

M9+_)0/1X5SS0U:B
]


MO)18P?9G'Q;953VNKMR-A27U.A N+I
'VI/FL+XL&CQ.69O ;1Q C4I6%NAZ
M/(F7^LMVL?TU
-B1V:;FGG;I5__HB
3; ]CK201!HZT8L*5*P)BRTV]H)'F+


M8EXKJW!:R8-AR$@MTN7DGZ
OH+AI5%0JX)^NJEC!S@U6J)IN71 Z#V.)UONIQZ+*!$L$;%
MR&:Z/J[3Q-5M<?=$5%+.^0V?7#;\VUUCHJ6A$VU
4D66?BJ3+@URG6^U]






MI'0B1PR$K+4Q/NV*%Z6/H)UV9Z,*8V%[D7JIIRGL/PY/6X#G+0




K-9
P]


M

MEE;B[
H&!X]#_D
5GL S2R


MF\6P%(J_Q8WLFQ(OQ[)RLJL_O@RP]TT^3%NF*UKNX1


;SL;OI^
D@A@.7R2EQQ'9!!FU!K
Y[D273ACUC2
M2&AY*)NP.7S
J]ZDXQA_Y4M7A).L/4+&;/F!C+Y]5HPV$]V
03#M!HM-:&*J
8BQOC5^6
M?89PGU\8U#8GYQ27#2=#:D^-5]:N#<ZDRX[_C1W51(Y2JI-'S$.Y)84T'6$
M*$]4]\\ B.3M0?3
_H4'0;OV)TJAHR.T.U.0$,_N7.#_O(D\AL+BBMD;V
MZG2$I?!S.<*-_7-GP'MI]?GQTRXU%)%






5?A5V

)E'_+PP&^:0]5A<7S_Q<A_+O


2?F[




ESTI1AUC/R/BJK'_\

MXDL%YOJTTZNR6$3Q$04\ &9/DZ!;XWGD5P#:
!MA9EWL3!.JD1W??=Q=6-


3)



GOI(H$R1I(5;^+@=_?9!=YT=/:QO(;?%EJU5%']]2()&%QE$ 3++N^


M^*5&

M4[F3G::^MJ0BZ


PS# 4! 7F_7O:2H/)
;(,8H^IJH;1_LSVDN;3B/CC9
MF$^543[KT1';]\W^&[XLH)QYHV[25'W4PBO= %NIE XESE@\BXT*;$5UP=??
MMI\_Z&+XW&
\Y41M5)-H/1NL6 *
NCVRVR&2_D+1] 0Z]XPN8@DK/@NL81B^

M[?J8DCN1]27@T3IPGEO7?\;WBB.]GIKQ@'TC77KEA)H9%LZT*U _?P-V_J=
M7-6/_FBR[2-!C;5H^#V/4%4Y@9KZ!Y38RJ:&-N;&LBI4A!ZTSG):
]6?))]



M#Q&A?P!]3ADICQLK9E4$_ZU2-ZPH&'FYUMC/O!$P4PZTV[$.=JG80]&!.&
MF?O

@7-K''-#SI_A\);Z:E5Z)#9P!6AZ-U.^CUE%B2!
M(#5X;.^FN:E?E;VBF@YM#VY[C-M
)RE'XUA;?LY5Q:N0U6BKTO#6S&')K3

KLLM0LNM$)E7Z
MK





MW$_NO*K)1ZVY&H2#;S.B=-00G1


BTE4!^N=&D/VON6##AUYE%1@T_K=


MV4YDNZZ8+:)64S%H:JF^(AG+?AS^4?IVE.=D:/ ?H%XP\7;V:*1'T6_S[-?]
M-X^B8IF
MH_;?].
;
O_7FZ


MYNGL2TBS
;YA9SD4BSJ[9\7!;]23# 64





M0MZ

M^+G
!ARCT-A4V$A-:&YOG?K
M/UUB1.A\NS2FP?%K+-L4_#6K4E=6]WY-M


M&E
\;8+7N!UJ$(Y8_






R\2S$K5??0S
MH7HEH;P+P+7
^F7ZW2@3*X&X1\5FM1/R[)FF%)
.I<8G**84AD

M9OUC/7-@&_93D9;MN3AJYK\;@SO$'?A=GN71DN].U! %YE^VM3:%9+NY*T
M_UP





M1'MI?C?UZ;9^P'5E\TA@EIF)E.P%P2N_/K4Z#(A3(#A#)4DB)M-UQXX!_'OS



M
\\\J'*/;+*O)8=S?8Z!9?5Y.T''B_%)Q*QH=?M7$36:F^YCW3B
:B5O1KE=
MP&;$N'0SL_;CC4+H&PM.);54U\7LQXYM/831\H4&8IDXL9OIDR_._P#@9^\X




MHF4(3(T)
]8SO?*WMH5(5$*^$3FK$P^:^^%&=/ O-BSZ\ L/3&#-
2I&T\

W$!QF00'YN]?Q]H'R]=$J?CA537W%2;?)H
4=-O



J+!-L'#T
M@

YM!S0
OEC'T*M_5IU;6PEWA%FO8]P=?VQ(G-/



M#I?ACT'-*2$.J6XT
Q/3Z=' *S9M*T?5R[PO4V&!/@
HM_-X$HHN5-\$.2PC
].
MMU;/1SH@U()7D<<N//M1LECVYX4@IW+.L;'!?1
WW@%EES:F
NPCJ_FT%GW

 K=$=VG\ S



Y+^LG:


8


D; Z_UHW;



$+B
?DU@9


7I&CPS86
[T1ED79'\TE+

MU_
B3




MCA47



(ZKFC+^'5E%G*3UY\/93--%O

MW9N^^%IH95IZ)?




YPWI7VQ)T

! [@2I(F]7!K%\2(DL7=1YN]53-VJF++O9
MQ-V38UD/XA&_IR96I\
_![F1:9@7;RUAEY&+NL[9G=^KN#_H5&WT?_E2E%


FR
MRMT7^_2MN.DVS4LW#]UJQU9!W@ME%KX717#N(2U*GL MU3P?T0KE%AJ5-]Y#


M^FOQJLEZ+HG&!-2@H]J[:.
]4@_
Q[=QW$O
%(\S&
L@Y;/


(MMYNSN9L6C&LS&

M5IGX.V2'OY_36






M*L6J9_

MRZROP=J

MF\]]O^N#X9/]%?E

MK;AWY5:R6F][_BP:L
N=T8:\#=27 R/8!_GV\O AYV_-MBM5_;](F3@W.8R
M7YR=96U5E!7IVE*LO


M

/X/T&./L^:^FLK0FRVJ6T& ,&;FJB:S<=A* ;+RJRBKIIB+T\;Y3R<[
_:
=_P/K#<JJX,EC8T
MBW7W/7=HR6%595-]DUQ-@1AL;'&

M5[




MV3BJ;2L

MO51=AG]BNZ$2W]:V%[6I?Y9$8]_B?MP_M\+
YI#%+M?W9-%&NO\J]M*1R!UG


M(KU







MQHPO4N==9*NDV!]9


N95EJU2J<9J*V)9.GG.!S(C(H4 (

M.4



M:$+;+(%IH)$[GT%]]3ZZ'LW)^2@Z3V
8[[DL'8R!1$OR\D'9T#)$(IYS%P?!
M

M)'TQ*0B46VC!B-.E




MIK3_#





=5_8%+5


(QJ

MC?RG
EU4D9GP))\RW#*H.^8
_



F[3^=0P6

D:P<\CB]:!-SDB(OLF(QQBV$51XC:

M OH=E.C)

!;SA;.6BS%PO%P;RF07W+03)3 :'0YN

M!3153N.HX LI#?@6U6XXM)W8U.#8@.=IKR83_G
^KEV) 0[: I^&1/#3T#@V


(H32

M_+AXTIIUQ1[C$1
-=2DCT7R10\[TO%I2NGV9




MU_V*57SY^N8DJRS([1Q\GIYFY2LQM.?-7




MOM3ZAI!T*[.&81T**I]# $)(&6SB]?-RNG;8S6EE2D=0FMD)(3ZCW@3$IMVO



X.]S16*%^(I(RSL(5)7\W=_*=)

M'URMB
^C
Y9%MO&RA+J(+]0W0]'3@[4]

X90H/HQ#;DOR2




MH0-
%0/<?@%LYF!(=WLQ!1




M=?-'8
TU0!_?Z:E9N3T^


MW_5VNSPG]%[E*_[TH-]R=Q)#LY!NQB0
+NU_G)SNFGL#6%WYS_(V'+
Y!2!



M@PJ+Q!8MH%PK\47?@XPY5\SXP 3O2J[-


!3)L'N?@VIRVV.0RUOV4<'X$



M!-Z$3JM@)Q\A[G^2P?]1O!F8IR[CS59=4

MI[O/=0B-




BD!%K
MY;

AZOU(U

6@)NORT3]5OY!;*C5OX]_$\J'4Q

M0RUWEP^WMYOM3GNES7^=3_OPYO C?@^K;PG@\/BX GAP\J [9NX\/W.'^U)6

)]\1_


1X+1#FTB_
M%)LQLE'


OKW[XTE* $55HI5K2/XHU
:KP'5^

M7PVO59H:B6KUD\6%)&USOG]H??[.?'7:L@2E5;YLH^=L4K3X1N)X$]^K%L
M



MGENRH%\(E;JS?8$\L@G+Y U UYY+I)7VT:OL*K+!2H(Q6$@)HE;U7F%W2&^3



5]F:Z*ZRYIT\8

X%!@&S7.3:HE.@W=^^:PD'#I.


8M\'8Y%
M:)2L1X86;*@ :@PFB0T98\P=


MDNNH10LT:V]$/P^HI(DG:&$' 9.F6O'BBV@1X=-%DH$HQY880O)#O%3Y-
M8BBY298IIJBD_.ZVQ:/F(-X9
.*


WP.B3_9
2
5= R!N@K?P-D/9@

JRIQ]0_VVB4ABA



OY\+ OSY6GA5_&\(^
N0)ST]CP8!


MPSTDU#BH
06?$!/ZG22B


?B\(_)F*LHK(Y$+?:

M.8%]X4'MMRBZT=ZE$L/Y4!H^D6/_GW??&0%!+%








MS@



[FY#=GTU48V/;4;CY$0:W1H6^5B


HS3T92ODV/2G)MBL
M\FY'6;0+*4*
FZB^W;*2U@MR.5K9AJTWQNTL1+$=U(1]VJIVC5Y%#.3UUA0E







M;9= W*WZ&1.%0ML^L+)NF^/CWKK&_3C^5#/]PLWOIPOG%Y7#0J$^P8?).VC







XV.W\;KWO.\L OKRY4KYQ;#IAB$3*1*=:F2_O5]=EI*D
ML)7:'U/F615RQ%Y6WY_)62EPLH&O%6T$8'SPRUI%4LP
4AF
B^11KM0I ?Q

U9W@#)XFG@DC*ZC/G@-T]&\G$ 0VKDF+72[
M^!?ND9,0P;Z.O3P)F\*9VEYZ8 @DJ%!I4L_
0: 'HLO+IJCA\XAP+])D$4


1C;C\G('A9



M^!T)M(#

M

MGC/.9_S[@XJYNFJA!IN%TO3'N2 ]P/%+:RW@2J+O $.X).18=]V_DY0U&2
M=Z/^TY]




F!F%;D@?!P.B!G]4
U5GKO7;VHM9:BP.7@CTK/P(C^!3%&;.
-%/(^C@@_0#^I%'JJ4JH@KJX6:;0B,N\Z'<K0$IY=P C,L@U:DJ
M&+OX(^\RC?:X3J_RN!KY:%7@3T^.!&L0'N;('47T/['2CGNW?DV^GRU4E
M8+83PZ7_4=TSIHW4O'HW2;A
BG2


!X




M^HFC5K R(1YJ*?[;RSU8Y)-DR^QUNA[3RL=Y)\*[G2KOK-*FC@S/VKZ=A3LB
M?6Q8=K7\!_:1\\'



M(L@*4)M(EWJ65BMPAXS)8TX^R[1YD*0HC%=:$T!DI3@BCV[#%!L&A6G5)KOT
M



M

C7)<!0 OB@F.GH4<[=:Y6TO-P%6UXB
[Q6XA&6%
MRD%TP:9)5? @OB9IT





YA%F)2L);;7Y)JA72

M


M)LK!'I4Y
S\%.TL(49MERSS^ZG]LRNK4%5I#7+3GB2Y%GO&\B![W#LRBI;S\


BZD!NW0;J.
)B:


KI(NV5



^;]\RQVHSU%.D
MM5UR$E-/:EE=(2148?,QGN=VL^&H?RU]/-J98L0]-4F\WO+&I/I;[7':(&Q
M

M61_0;K?XN4(]U!;(U HVW@1@L:N=K!TZUGB!6=M1K=Q$6K:U&R YY1[+]8
M
][F$ JC-P!6U-&Y5O\'PL?+SS']0

5V23RJ+M6X[






HOC9KP?)-.#LX
AT <OK:\AZ;J^%_I

M@@__M+/?5TO#?B;Y

M;GDU&]^Q/],B.@7Y8!3NL7;+\!Y$U5/8%TC^0^U%O:S_FP-N(_U'9=
9VL


@K*.XSWJ(@?X.$0$)&P 3BX%

M3((*IK=1/QFX!#?V]4LJF=H5 D74?S9=O2T#4.'@ 


7(^1*P'L7LT JR/AO#BH0C4VY@_Z&\_J.0_:




M LC]VC
*[I25WW%4]

!IRR

MD_O.=__5[=5V8K/4'_]&E$N\2^TFS&--MNM07%S6:&EF;J.YZS:CH!0R
]MF


MC;('UJ9#

9 'E-N0U#.?



9$UE


ML?GK7DT@S41PC)(UM
Y?YO&.@\HZ()W
73Q45]?K;^] 987W@ N7K[;P#;



M5/(.\^Y8;#(9V?+NC




ET&Q=7P
M*+!WB4JC370T0U6FUV2]IYB:


8\#6J\H+U
.'AV^(P2_4EI
M6OE1L$5 ]2/I$H@G(2@C$[CA:1OD;MJT5?62F+R=D:6B4+J
W3!V]'Y5-OI!





=XC



M^DMTNB(







MN7#7


4W2A)L;1W4*Y](6F\Z80Z0E
M-;#W:FX%[5H[Z\_L B;N4KM1VPSC)]

-.)F4T!E5+$/<2@7GM



MK

ME:S[]^U@;?J.N9G





M+]'+Q8M9^1MAS

MW/UL[!'EOUZTC+\


J_S_5DY_B:(I





2 U]=A535X8Z_.

U9Y5QN

M P




7WX2FYL[#M 2
+C%AU[IF_#S:Y9EXA;B


MTVMO 1?8FXDIHT FK%


64;H$YKQH
UKJGY'6D N#]I3=MPBN921M/F.L.K@_E











M^Z5O-2(UXQI1ZE2WE^LPI%GE-;B)C:$*&

FZMKL
M%6B4=J ,#-W3G6L5A3['OR=18W.':U6Z)H_D]3'L<]\G5T8./1W1UZ1D2K5R
MKDVQTF=-B+Y%PKA;GGES OPCMLIEV:DBDZV_X$-=.#*N(;)1' ^<MGI?U?K
M*T@O8J^.3Y %WZ?A*;EXIG']2K;]^Q46B*P4I&#V9@W=EF





MD(A!
333P!





32

]T
X:5]'\F]K;P5/%HBX@)L:A+E#J3J*M2!8



0YRA
G+16AV





ZVL(7-^%XWN:VGZT+[ @X3-:U:[=VD33F^V
M6OMA\M]9
JI0FY'O+_8;!

!I 7.]&)R9PN\
M

!WRX8@T/^$DG4:XVN4P.DYTI^70RE/RAN
V/RR)A
M^TLD=Z@45;X??<_&'5(T0%;8TJJS;:C[9OO+O/ZFNVU[&%EZ0 NYBC/P?<D

BTQ]I
-S!I.KWER65B7


*[P7ZR:5D1:/_
+%'J7_*O\6ZL[YKAJS*IK

M!1T[TB(UC&X419A]5ICZ^

3GMI)GH9)VG?U
M2(S8/Z=R'0!Q




U@1#

M$T-O1X



E/P+=9;:YJNBU%YE/U0YHGI5DZXT#.G20


!B*9B;K



M)R'54^.\5ZY*TL2W
M(OPY-)ZC'LMRID5]= ^F/5[.8O42G-Q%A 58#8II^?
M+T)^)!@#XT2?R\KS7S?AF0


_6X2B]SYK%'+4U52H

M*_(G?AJ8(*)O4&=-:S73Y6DR.G@[;?9-+./0QEBBA\&'X20&ST14RI2^-


M








SZ$:QN6S

V']:P IK#RKUP
N:*[-]P2



6T.GT7I1!FUMIG ZB
MW4/#G#X9MR*B

.

**J98FE*Q8BIO.K(GC,DF2EL_<BA6)1AG4H1
M^5NH%:H,P@J E:4P:]$GHI




M;L$ #*

M/CN=9).E


_?U$@U5W/8;[$DFC6SF+4'[D;!TW7OS(

MX#)1M=QU(W&


V*WO[5

H9O4Z]0?/V(RD[PA 'ARNS



EO?Q=Z52^X_.X?3


B?0-2VTX&F#Q[/J*%

MS*G(87N=1C Q4F?%:U=].R:^Z%/W&_=NG9990N
-[
SKN
V!$.BT9-J(D-AL
RM7!@N]1RZM/B4I)PGY=J6Q(D+CZ$
M9TP-X!17@Y.9OI6/1S9-**+3^-)T:+UT\#
#B7=_3D
Y =)1WNBT-QYOEDWD

23R5IXAY&H6D0[P^DUCFMZLQ\5?E36AR-!7H2 6

F#5U]:Y!:'

0)'I2.8].220*^H+<C?Q2SS$LSKNY.KT'L]+^9[L8)1OG%@?.(;




RT4%$/O(+)TV^IFL)ZK#QPR+O#YVYD]ER;
M%
_&SPKO.!0Q[HC3^F1[./@7-'YXUD]IK2E3M=%99%






M#N
ZBCLD2KSLP2#D=&&X@;W-K?X28RB@YX&8@RD=GNG+(EOQIWOF'#-0/3T7


_12F6*UW/1U9Q



MT!_HIG !




'KJ5SE2*/M=3




M!-K)@4+LS9%^ AH[D.
IC=Z6;U&%LF??\+(OHXCGXWF02)I!JP=+2!@9&9E_
:'$A%MN^Y[+_?F)L/C9[B_10W@5^<J_L:-_*S:N)73%

T
MPS]Z4*N%/S;C0D=RE;%Y0_X:(


M^


) CE;@DN7'K GV/


R3ZOI-V!D7]8

M0_Q;5;F!C


PQH#K





M/-*KJP\B&CK/B8./]$25ZL+/&AKBXAJ@/2MB+A@ W4!IZ22X7Q_&[D:K;U+2


MXQJ!

IIE422R981M;1H\OS

M0T6UYK-V:M$?B9+-HB$Q$


MUS/
;?TJ;HN/WW]9YZ]9A6M7AP4AC(:5-^K5_7ET@F_-.I$Q=BR_. G0^QU_
M/FJ^\$G/9(V(U\+8LC1$7/8:QQ(*+FLO$HFE$:9&UK0!:&X@A3Q_F% ZG=



M.VO30E5;A
.V Y8UC]NM(ZO#$N!6U9PCCLN7S2;#7



M@9&LQ&/WX@U2INVI'RAF:C_:O\_ZDAU\'OT]T)HQWB212P?:3[MBIK(^ -CM


\S.8I/7T'])'_[H#$WOQ
M



)YB9;LYR\YF9UJ^X2Q&OCTQVKP^G-KJ1J_!Y





--
5CS;8&7K


MF_/(5V8\2)H^^97F
<2POXH@#=%-/93*T#A$V$U]L]!(_&/-QN+'QW(EVX=

+R




M&L*0-%

M\Q=*)3.S%OOP 4*+V)2#*QL/HUZ4BG9PS;B

M1^AVKJX)LX1KPB0\$%

5

J61NHA=46RH0MC
)*


XD/G@OY43

AGYSRD2N*3@+8LJ*+:VYRYU[

E19##+$)4%UQMP&G


.
Q



PFB-KLOV3O]6%F//) @75L'%#
M7=DY?2)L


Q(6VWM]??A&ZP_0F'
M13


MD39$\51


MPH[46


MOJFUJ$VR^\TR9F0:C8\F7.A)B37...*8L994@T&G]IA0^'::TN?LL=F5+8CR



@;3



M##)2);4






]3WSE.MH0K'R/



7#



ZBFXH1VK)K/@A(N#G2G(




7L+4E68T-@A[94I1MD?9(
M0N7%+!D.5








RJ(FEO1UVLSFRFHV2VS=)K#@+9EQ#!5^:=^?-

_W_#_ZPUC*FZJMD]JXBQ 1+@ J





;DQ68ANNHZ_'
M[3+FOD!99%.C&!-C+F52OU))C\R6U)((
*.T4N-(AQY.4!I/HZTY@1(%(7$U


JN;;6VS#U%-[
MYNB[65.N$S;;;B(W7Z+H*W]J*GY7*R;6215W#(7'%13GQB5IH+VY!-X'GK(
MJY@5E57E&SO$$I,S#1NQJ&R6XM,M%IO3+6^.D. 2741%;;:=ON)CW8^WKQ]




!&DSJ7&$*N%6 HK#TE6D;CMP AM


M$
3LT.EQ:@XV^D

]R%
V/MZ\=+7$;*B]^R


M@MHW$0]A=?U$('&P+&:;PNQQ#4#7/+K'$\B57:K4'U].3
DSGG!)UQ=R%III


52CSX=5I
MTH-2--I\EF7%D#=456GV3-L[$BBMBY311*RHJ8J@\-NSF)E(=09E
J[#
2H(

MFH4RGU%IF


#(QLXR_
]DEA.@^C(3
$64+IBT


B





M


)&A[!\E.J+FNMEV1



A)'B



ITVJAQI*GB(F=2I5%XJ=AA=P2
MHE)JU*U$45U6SENN-W3,#=QQH5#B2OPGMU^_Y4F)(_O3U9';INS[;K@9
7C

IE-2.1?%]







M&0VJ_)S)EY'6B$T;
8T=^'6NV*YD\GT\H4IG/J$&DT4PH\]C

MO*N#4@09D.S4AL6Q;$QC(.Z /*+R(F=


M?Y$EY!_R


2
MK^R

I)[3$D
RH[P4R5-9*

M:C[3ZW:A:_PL1F//0WJ?5:K$

%

ML0Z94G:I1ZKPZ\[34C$

MN7&ID)B0T!(8
O-QVQ-D#'E
&232$Q1$
00D1+V_7.Z2MO4^E3':7PW$-]&8
MU0K+8N

331

M/2.
Z.C?;TA$J-2H%D


M]REO&JBCG#D84MF7


MEW1W\MT54)%QGFR608;)26.XKZE:RFC=F6HYWM:QBR+)D5QY!)

M.-H(D@9N7*


G@ 3TVLCBNCHB1*(--DJNH0L\+\5TJGP9-3I#=9H[]--

M#S*OQFV3T40&]U;'




#D%K;NN[)%\+JN/@'J*+9L:[QE2G/;6

M

$

]]VM@]$?B

V
;PN

?WX\TV+[D[SZ

M9J=\AMNJP'


KE3K8PN(



G/&WCV5.N]G5[]\(!393 ]

*%?HBJ^9.%EUN2PJ9<W503TOG*J^&^7;
M':X7\X2[:B[*F;;9/;ZL::96Q/*"6;$&PY0%/!%3=5])5OW8<U

J]R67&NM$JN3TK]BD9K?.4

N1I-D3E973NBHKF5%55*^9U7:BS
T)
:D:C.

M++-CHBHB^DCL52'-;
I#FYA+S8=6R+-B5*MN]($+_@



J[';G)TUY6V




]U\MBIL@%05


M9+K95-6R)S50$5.5$16C6S:H!#G.\!E.4QBK#S+LJLQ#.(V2^LVV!(E[R6_?
M@VW$Y7+(E_G+WI[=\%953*ET*WT(J=^-?
EU;NH_7C)9=W


MVNN7E)+61;+BU^O15OOZ_'%.CDO
D.9331?DZ3TF
+_ ,3IK[%Q2B+TFV%C
M+ZNR.N1D3\5I/N/TNJ,=I@R5:UV%-QM'-!]N0VBFT0.(FJRKE)+VMT7'&U/
MK\=J7'X)XC?J@ZA.WBDPU
B-NAS@IVC4RP 2FK9.X,O%G%$AI!E5Z1&J3+2
M$:@U&I]2;,C'4LJ9P1]BZH'#CQB)4NI8^#85JU/.CUMFF4D(34*$4X&H8Q*

K3$96I%..64
GQ:








10CLF8D#/E0BZJ@YBRHO3

M;
%P!)%45




B-*J6J_V_5CS:P8.*^\!N
&WHH/LQS0'Q
MU$9435+.8XEDO4&8[PUQA\%ITZIU)NGR/)927WX45Z,_40:[,$M^)2E#3)Y'
MR P6R\N)'!?WE*^$CA-J5+=X6JCM6BTN93&9C[DA8E28D3(BD(ON&^X #I
M(ZZ\K50TC!F/\)<OBFH4A[X3_A,D422ZNJZ%&H<:C5:%-C4T9+#$IQ;1HZQW
M9:DM@VQ#CM./:1RGN%J74IL:E\8\.4REPV^(8S!S6%THT=FJ0W&S6$_+I[[
MH./Q
ZL/
/H#HHV+LIEZD55GX2.(J#


M.FTU4.R1G'(9 ^V!
AF-ZV%HG#
5T&WGNU3Y\QWM-2JDO+E[3.DY&T
D%
K;
M333
=I



:4GBSAIAW
M^!=KE

M\BMCF/R_(1$[NQN-3+^2+DOJ1=TQ4_E^6.Y1I^$4VB&8_23B84&41H/!

M.F#

M5-[7Z^*XS



M+86TFJU!] 9;*UQ!J




PYR110?NN4FM&\_PA5'
\D 0G

Z Q4*FTD_LS1M^0J[J9C.

T_
MU0T
Y
EMIQ]I8LB



\J%*C-B9*BMFK:4A295ES2%8SIGI
MJB4Q%9

M+



T/X0/)3ED6Z
:'$O9!NG\*[-I

M@W=-0^$.$VX

MJ:RM*60SPK

J/1DG
MLT.NN5B3+B^[4G_ I(C0FVI4=E


ME867.?(ZFSA*G
*HT2MM059BR.W5EY5[0U
5(IM4N2@2G#9DVNFUVDF&C91
MMUP3L^3K.D-(C-P1UI=)RFFJZ M10A\K#C#C,MB4:-Q12DQY*EF04RIDTYS
M;S

MS4ID38!-;3([;VR*)+OV#Y-O?A

M-6E37T6CK#E-:+C'83ULK:!\6V#PB'1$R\N.WLTE7Y(O

M.RZCOF]
VF[&N=U0'3(U;(Q+5G^3021(C1M27V9$?EH1M1&
[WQDA#
PCM75
MS

REER'EDPFJ
M;5'W&*6-3;?2+IP968W0GL3'B;:\HJH76.YDTP,3,D2]J,I4/0B3HCS]467
M-CI)HT@6VG(T58K8O#--UPG&S-IX!8T\ZW54'&61 B.^DPWG%?G XB(XV7@

@/H62'




MD/(VS*CR1
G;17!;U6F!+(A*MT1!5;8X4A36FIT7.CPGVE =
BJ*(QHO9&



ELEUQIQH[
=M.C
M;#0


5GVGEXFD3 3_

.X_7!+R MW2 =HVN4
M]$:-&CZN[L%1)0:.;J1W!@EW:!TVQ(HW2C A**^KN??^)Y=UZ?ZUS7.9]7

M9C4W#]$5CD7!A&(\(;7&RC


A_&QWS-]@RJ%5TMY4EW8_JU^1R )).@;+88'NO?8/COC$I

M#!LQF *'U'X2B

MK

MN8UI(9P5&=6 _&\&KD16#J.4:C CJIF9ET@)WC.?AF[JZ&Q[W1R5E 5I$/C





M^F7?TEGFGYWHW8W8*9D-YQ7[

V3TK
BN4R

?M T-A$I#C!&


M&_$A6\WZ!=X;?,PU:VSZGTI_+H03#:LOI@.
@8;E0N7;J(QLJRUM7F=/*Q

?KF
Y.

N\^
MM%G32:

MBQ]F (]-?Q]A.XW9K3#DN)5OF:O57'.'B&S-%=I+OZ:CN*
S$L6E.[F.JBVI




!:76)R@PTT++
7=10LOT'1 ;]9M;@JV 6_KG;?1) F TCBJ2_ *J-
M2-2VFR


&



+/VQS7^\J=I \2WX$0W;#0PIS4&/0


%OGT2*5/;4L6=B/J9_$S3H4Y4%G,SP<TL1/#&
M@UTVR6_S%527]Y Q\4FX





M
=TRN_9[=6(MNI*QF%[@=S_UT\K[206\$JAE/20M4H=937[P+Q_U.YL=REHU





MV.2YPL]


H7FCSD#N7&_A-*=31 +!B7?DA(.O\4@;7)IBT
M0^V4X


%.6Z<M;TQ?Y*+P0N
MKJ%1JH;G($R#V$EE+KS?YV8C&\M]#B($_$BW!AU'2


_0Y &EF'Q=X]E6Q=OUZCS5XLO!X!G<[?KG9T#
M.[*=XX8S9G?7(+;+\CS1%DV9*G


@J



M'YG(\$/4T?2EXT-@T$=69T]!PMWI$G:F7I%]_3\2WS^8\/2
]RM-
_RYVD]N

M!&99\^R!$M]XU+NN4[;[N1OG
RK3
4-+& \]P(#! H2(9-H^6S!S^- F42(\
M!E^3QR 9O\H1'.1NRC!(:]%$%K-G );IA%LDX_O9U=0L,_'E%O(BH2I^V
MV+JLJXK$-'85).4#:#%SQKARNU.*2CT&?2?0

H\38XR.B: =RNC] LZ%



T
-+W_942/_ ?CF?Y'X=_.';K?S?#PJ.?Y_=M78S_


0@] @'71U?0C


MC2G_W

MZ\/Y)=W&TF#J:7G1=LM9:?9-D_+[DX)2J4M R&@W.
Y7W0


3'=U3PI
M8-90G=A\7W_YAC

M?-IOND#!\9\OI8\/SM_58_8(N9(5




M+UUJ%D;H/YS%DC!5'M'B@[PC_]88.;.Q9LLBOC
^
R^C/EJ1HL_]:Y82W.X=

F7DK/_U8-*S_)2_G8D*FUG=2_PX




M']_EUHYQG*IKT6]X_:##!=H.Q;K&6YCH66DRNU#VTZRU%U$C3A!
W+SW:%3+

15'P2*?'L':!YB;;1((<K;<F=FIP[@G-XZ)PJUVY1

%
M0\KYI*XD)



J$]=;FPI$D770W'C)


M&=I5UIMYT+'L$VS)09[U7_WP6]]D66$MM^1PVZZ/K244.=5_TNX_K 
[@]N+


M2-R(H/6&6SQMXZN

K/28X%M7 C2H5JYT
M5[/RMNS4JX2-#C'(+CC] -05
N@AK0DK1R8=XY8
 =TG?R$(2$AYKWSH5(G#=2-!51




WD/PT8$U9P+DRE@4:4??R;;R71B.52&

MN?JHDC.E5?#]06[%ZGPZ_36+!Y/%5K#S6G(.&U^
\BF:JD=$LK$=:UAOK-6D
MLR'
WIY5MV_I]Y^C/$([?T$WSBIY?]V[*LUZ-Q%.:F;N7Y1-5S:NZ1FX+F8B
M)O1VEH/#A


MR

MWIEIW#H$=^^
A_.-X8 4GAOS]RA8O_X3QJ
MGHU\/YQPM=;68Z9RTO*V=;BU9FF2.M. D^/T119 (!CE(Y@PHA);RK3%N[L
M*&A$Y!CKD.!B?;1:UF^]WU-R_I 

&%,3F
M[Y/GR;#Q2*L]4O8&)3;6H6E:21F3YN*T!:T3$'[#EY/*(Z)WG'W7+]5US
M:TCI,/T^Y;ON! &73SG:S.S=<9?NQ4&+?OOK]+
A5FN4F)%T.QTXR@S[Q3C

HOC7O)\^@W^_+.X6
M#+5NO?QQT]Q
I=FX%O0X


+H5A/**O?
K$I1YH(O!$0I:?+G

#M5F
9IV3#S1H](F0W]?2UR42:E;\$5R-=\03#5%]]D8$LN4Q43ZAM
MU,B@['K]0J7RN(1DN+O_EMSL]@7/+_\'RY6(Y:[XN=[F$&NDP^7HV]?X?^0

MO4/[15FKA
U2(SD6Q5&4:#GM9-:5CJ=S9W@DR]


FSHB*3^@2^[8\SM#P-TZV!V1'24CG4%-!0;D4E]^D9A

BG7:MKWBRM).$_J9XG6<)G+F/K


MA8


M&PLT#0\Q@29




MOVCJC;B(EDS?5RN#[Q5KOBLJ


YA;@Z38^U3\)+ J 043(=\Y
M+980#':M&8^9BL'*D-\


$HNS
MV2H





A 5R.4!]AIQ'S#4^+O?NN?GMG$\OO'KQZ!H
MU!

T_6K8;&5Y.SCL

MK

?Z$.

QT


*U3XKK*W



?+RA9]N%73:5A'?G'RG@6]

M2

M@!D5.)Y=IC013Q).(A9I;M*%7C]-:2


C-+&^K6-ED+16


WQ]BA_D


DHF73A5=[-)B0





MG&LQ@Y(K2$KQ1)OT3@8GMJI#YG%]X-0A 375&&=^+2L7DE@:5J+\ \7E



MTVQ:/()YO% UP+]/EJS\&%TG1(PN=RC)66%-1=?7JCTZ2@()9S+J_F9A-.$+
MZH



8=#5X

7C

MGH7


]J(T5&YK1P.XXL_(IEY&S5#_X8!K;<T438R

M?1!01A)]
YA*_WL#^3WX)9LDIMROU7[LY?CV =B@ZV1



[:6GM*H6Z-X^+M7Q5@6;@(\

R/+VXQ:A[O

]M$5
E#[J@LV=XQ*FZ3];MM6.O6
M?]'7RZ!8!W\]&6G(G5+TCC$\3I0JBFW +-Y\CRY\*BEY[']M(=4I&UH^






MMFU%/P^




M@]+48_HQBZ9_FKB@.H8D
L=GDTE+1._J?9O
#$VTJ2KWBWY]J%+QR*_MW'UQ
MP03?W/R34*Y7W;[WG[R'N]+N7
#TBB\CJ#]&L
MQXK04*4<\.B4<OH 7+6J)G


MCE+WI-(2%4;N#)GGRSD$E*L\6I75J[X


MU)_1?9SV&?P'^-


MM=KP=:#YAR-XW@W=-.S:6)0ZB;$UTK^\N?R0PN4Z-WP='Y4\6[=(8NF6H5&
M^CE_(9,]:\B9A&-S0E;HV94VBF)QGECX%IF]6NA

0YU

4


M =$EKM:6GDF8Y9Y4X1]Q/4)4FI!;U-!A'F'@6'7^!]BS?A%=RP2UT\6NT
M\BXB15()/*2T%MEKK@J\&@+QHA^(P^4RDSO;]55QH['.AH.EX
)^$'*?HI/






MA)9U%8OJ(F0$D31&Q;
#0_%(=K?NHSIC:P=0G
+P!DH ?99&1)+PYF3_Q8=-
M?86:]RDB+ 3PI@WWI$ /WZ1N*L/6YA*D  #A N-_:YGO*?]DP9.E8DTP9PJ\
MM
#:K*T[?51IR9O%V<&







H-3A?917#*QH


/B
/HQ:[]SP)
P*_GY)^YS$Q#Y-_3YJ_2
QDVP!P*E&E76W%[






MJ
\W7#6HSB<


S=
WN_O$RFBK&[^2/

MEC4.$!HB^@4B;4Z@@KX+IS .WX7W.#Y+0VEIPY2HSSWS6D@Q2%$[L^;/NO0;

.-.750N@84



 =K.D^2DJ
M+U6K

MM-2'X]-K?$

M?R74EC
(=0H\^&DZ$8NQ3)L\IA


M%WAJE
=;%)#V0.T.HP9.)F5S.I6Q3X?%D*KPJO%J%6$AKB2!J#S#\PYC3[B2

M!-^A%4GCS$4=QP;)I(61#TQ(]01!


M

M88AO-JTQ(RMN


T]B
M-!:JUJ[C1MM&YEE(TT0OBS(DQS51C@9&FD J9!H (1VURLLM,CX--BVGTB
M?=KM-=99
H53J%.%L#



E@
M\LIUR





NUU.J9 3M

MES-.)I6 T3



M'PT4=?[%^$M^JB/S1K]!HTS;U$XVXYZR


\66
^RCF9);:*CJ&*6V1+K?B
M:I1.'Z=0IM'H\RHP*A#U(SB3(K2NQXSGG

*R^WT
=T-I]D]U:D1W1

M I*)%E4K;X:=K]=I%$1J=G*JU&) [0K6352/VIUI7U;U&\Z-9E'.%[9DQ
M_5'QJTQ+I9GH5'AT7I4XHQWU()N
TFJ





M&0ETT/;F1/:MKV2*

&&VUME- ](5MLF

RZ89T7.I[;;HA
MU*&+9$++K3).MH:(T1&*V]1*):8HMR#*O7#M5;5HF77TB.J B*MD@H*9Q)S8
M3-2/E55O=
UR'$J
:CF)DP16U-
V9.4&T;;N2F&954K(VFRDO?3P8NC0-O94

KY/R7([3


<9
M8:94B-VJ51J@T$R@2GT0WWXY*C;L5TFFVVSF1)-VG$; 5-LHS^F':!#%-JO$





B3(#K

M2[-\RV7
]18''DYNNM.G'* G$O#

R*8E/7J 6Q,^9=1=E5,-35D
M)6^')3NBQ6&68*/(6ZC%J4;.\D9PT1=!T7G&)&4K$VYYE/UBH*JF=$$K?*1



Q&'G&T'KY1

M^%.&^'*13H3=9GRXS05&/$&)4I34*'!G$!358;DFJJ5M56@+*.7%:X0XDXA;

F YFDMM--L-Z1G;.X:X1:GQ5Q)
5%NO


BRM*+


M)*=C-&

MT5



MV&W9&4NS
M-(H(I.9D!%$=JU4V&9 
U.J3YD9'/
N!'?E..M$H6)



M]]-U@6:H3#DR.W-24BN..L0\Z




T38D$?MXX5R9)C
4

MS#C
LX)J^@
FRX\ P97:FR;-1)0RK=1
$*8:UG0P=::/L7#8- IR%-MG+,F
M1E! U]!K+VP'-X4S=

!P.R^5Y4:-KMB^\^W)3MJQ5E1FA34;





Y&[_+=:%]AW(G4M%'S^:V6(U9H%0CU.FRD56I
=5M=/3:=

J
Q7&J12&C%N14'P1%


044KYFC]6&W9?&=6?-LQ-%AT



MDV;'IZHL=YQP&7V'933P.1]+
 NMN@ZI-$UQ;PV\9'$@O4ZK0A555&3G))C3
5T


MZPX3PDZ$:.ZR'


9(Z)/MJ;

\XXH+[
















G!JXR)
0VT=.YO1XI
MH1GSF-LT3X0/A1?2
[#J4.KN




YV0!..M





MTY'(K41:;

MB(F1\*G2HG(AHVTZX+)2@

T\$6D3@0OQO+@?BXB&/[Y'-O^
O'V\/Y\+9;7
M%-_58?M^9<E^HFJIX97U3Z;*GZ$[Q^[6#LHA-9IDP-^546GL1S5$R][T5S-


IM(ICQJZVX5
M7K#)


MQLQ$RBD192].&Y7J4S4G*?K=CU79+2-Z^DK@DD=YI'1)6F^5U'$2UQ1+K?/'
(.*1I+)B]V6.Q$AL*
MZ+:@KJ--!#FS'!#.RA(RJ)FT]KY4Q3(+%8JE3EO2V&H3\TJLD


RM9Q7%%F5(6?*


MS:S33



MJP



/3-=-_'^FRX2
+#L=M
MZ'

VU%;*G/4]#E7




M
R7&FR2.X+VEJV!QK*6HW+X5)TBIO$%/DR CJJY&ZI3 20$@$Z KD$);+V5$


28]2K-*
M:$A6X.LO
R9(J*EP-LQWW$DQ4N)XO$E&D3I$E9%.9 G:M#H$*:C='8I\62



MJ+0W7V7YQR)*29]16
XCT=DD; &(L=M\6WR;$I#CCK+*ZS839U&N5N,YJ?




M)951/21JZC82++OE5



QU8S
1*N366B0T*5Y-=*.






O*ALQ





MW07&M

M#AU1X(#3C;C

MJ'
5P5=D0'JB/:I(:
44&;
DM-3'VG57.XV+K[JN )8I;E
JT6+&DU$X

M351&

M+6=QG;F-0RIZ*1*T[/DI2W6J/+C3(4I3*CM*NZ3::CPW@U3.B')4#LOFQSDN
MD?%T=8-/4?*-3#RBX7W^VE4;NS%9'35%CDN$I:HJN=4RKBAZ.EJN\,U).:



4/22*RZ\GX^46


M*AIA5W0D-4 F3L.]Q

MP8\M/;#?5E?^N[XK\7Y



773)H6R$&=8GE0E



(V856#Q8[RCJ6

4S-
MU'*2(HVL6I3J3#HD.7*IU(B4EUQZJ*H.K$-YQFS;
5L=8 =5E6QD.JII;-FY

2H5):HA


R6ONF*!(DX.M

!05%C

MIC3N6%
D54275(U-8C/H^3QHFPNX





M2

M?
U#@3 M%P44%LJ+LML,4HU2FU.H'3V9\GR8L@F8?:''@:CN')98-7B!K7

M;EZB@R3


VU6'X#P7Z?M


M?:;!Y+R$%45O2!M5#E78

M)01$OM97&I0

RNL.D-ELN56E+TB:L*62U[%N
UIZ*
9(R$R\[*D_'



M539%LXN;KNG





MBB90*9284BR_
E
PADLKX&PZT:?.Q)XAH50TJO+CR(LF9+89J!OMRWV9
A7.
MV@^ANNO
-F3R^=5;\W

4V0KJOLD\ABK48$%!0;*B

P/-.L,$
M0(Z*;0BI*)=47
9


MI5&;(9!7$-
Y&3FK*7J=6)L!J
NWKV[L)F\-_JP*C9%S7NN^:VZI
M].]^N'I!H=L^525-AV[R^;^2^+*27\/:GY
3&Q(5[72)(;*OQC
B(\'JV;%[




M#*Q%
)($J9?)KZYI:4Y#.$_'

M^IR)@/G\92.IUTA-%/TWXB6
?E$5?4JIRC9LK5

AZ[<0/$F6TB0%+X

M(/0%OI.



MSYQMQ.T.([IWMO=\6\+7MJ?ADJE5

M'/\\LNUN -)Q97KE:D\FG*_
9U_*94H*PD?K]E/OAZO!F]P(

M7(&0DR^HGW[O?]M+


M1 7HVP5QXV7; /8
WS-MCVC7)X$

M+[3(R

AF0#I%-O25 ;R&;PO!BGWZBBG*56


2:*'

^9=(50\04!4;.XK6C.S;:C%


T_5[][U35W
;RO[B2$-+;.40_








M-!2I/F5GVW'OWW;O92(T3&B/^9*&'@*W0+:9&:RYP?DL90U#PQR$E4.S@-




\


M];6


MC$OK_*0=YVK-2I/+_C/%$N=%@8M0_Z(_
XH
.;(P8






4U(T?*R9P@ Z

#

M
M807UZHRU#^J.IN!Z&C;)D$&H_\
Y/!DJ@_5

M0Q$PS44#I$.%E6E9VCZC!5U$*(1ZP
)




S_:)I



=85;;@

MR73)T-Z=ZOFBS-I



.A2]L
M6:1Z.PTTF__E%S&T<M^8-80'IBC$A1B]=4XG=SPB;/C+ZQ5XI]6C\5*







V]H Y/YAAG6K^CZM;\@))E-ATCS
M+8[B
M
9O@=*FR?J?JHDLAI.NQNMD1)B

&3P4D?E
MH(R




0ALO$3D\.;YLX^!8@6Q2L
MAH7'4E')R/CB&S)[FI[



T7/,%%JPSFB[F&FL]WO15W?G.^LEW
M%USCE=BSNI\ I30UI^GDCN9Z*7H9K<S6Y2Q4US3<*?:PD(4SNX][4.;9%)'

5RUW-


MZ9HK7EO[(Y\)GP 





0166H



MHN_5\9/*\VRB#&]
BZFG3?\^J#CURSIU
F5+T?BO!/(C



D:IL2/J_
M&%AO5V]M0]5
*U\? ;X
MK D!(ZU[B,3?^:+;)S/1653]8V(]^?^!9'ZX/L
MM=)\.;I0&&@@[AG]5Q0AZ=IM.@3[DU'%:JO8UBNC7$FK:CG5
[T&')H$2E









TW=7ED4W7%-V)VV =]124R]:

MWLO
/R[0P'N#G9+VCW0$%OUHU:72: ;:SFAU:/00] T*\C[Z

MUE2/X_MX[T__EDR@9_4+5T@\-B2Q!I@2J;5B


M&T^VE'F3RC6!^';L]/JKU18)01@UF8)Z\8#1@Y*.G;D
2#BEI6:8^#0Q%C
M^M#*9&GC


H-)K1ON$*+2#)BOW

+IJKUXOX


]Z7*U/'6C^CHYA3PL0NEL3AW

M;*SI6[WTFCF-]ZK\T_N;2)%7PY&Q/I)U]%\& UHM@NOYD!6& K4 K)=DR/O
MX@4/1QL;?6LS



V
6Q?'07]6-CQ7]A)+W'T6

[GZ0#O

:M
ME89N
UOZQ8EY#P1N;1/OMIVX[__B4S&H\

[R*).
M].C4?L7NFG76MSA&375K:2EB[-)
G%S;NNU3^D#^IR


M3_ON-LV.T1=DG
9Y%DFFG*S=GC;JT;H5\DJ*2%Y+40:EM9FB;:LP;(%7F!




M2-W
8[GGETUKIQ'XJ
C$^F\ODY:D'%F0-2FL]#5SNVL[V9/UFBH WE*P;)(X

O2'_VH\H[$1C;?G^GO.8-ZG[%L7OF;.OI39%N@(*Z6L5PQ

7X0A[T1M@6B3)FD6_@!GG:!E
MR'RCZ]A_X1W$:=E0/GB:%M;B8FZ?/UP?@* TX2JH0O/*OJ8?D%T33F8C7]KW
M:972(XDLID35J1;0M!HQL.;-.WULU#OO\&T]*!C?D+63];_UG?]'P/+N]EX&

E*O893_ZHPN7&MCUX





E=6)GK2ODL ]#+]/YH*Q:;EI)#5C-P2+=&SP+\VBE)

FNP1E!J@QX7=6MD2F$]







9Q#PX!+
M'GRNZY[Z&%Y4
\DC'J4UDYH@]02?JEH/DI%T7ID\

PY!]


M%[V];EB:#P'9\(\P7IQPVC&.1'7UE#THELRJN)$]:3&(:G!@L _AOBS\^;WE

P+1+R7#-/+\1=W11'9IQM[GR^NE@$
[1?M

MT3+UXWFDO1F+H U/):VU^7J/(7J9P_UQB'*00W(*]NEHZ?7+*2(#NT=87 5
M-

MFN!:K7 ;X:)A@[@.?O]4SGI)$EZ3.UP!RP
Y6Y=FN\7&FJOR0=F+OE10Y?&7

_RXI3!8IK;


1#'3ZXJA-(39=J+EH
M1CI.V3OA6)#)9[(QZ9J1+H\Z90
6*?0Y&0/SD! FM5)_J6WY_Q+P3 2Q^&,
MZ^?+,\,(M%\ZT;O^2+VK\L/?WX B:GEJ0K2O'TB






<_53-*


)4_!@1L+(Y



M#VC?@5QKC3W

MU2GLXN+0F6-M1MH#FV*&-O0-[CS*H_UCR0N%[9Y[TEIA*EKLWL:CL+#)WK]

;P3YE 1VZZQ-%,2\]+15*ZSC'A[08JD_0*[TX/W&S W]E/*/

=4'KS-

=9O$_DXOQ-A\\=RAW4H'+[H'O#GPZX,)'HN
M/3/,,8I5TQM/XDTP_#3G#7:S]OZF%SE5*H.:9):;WUXC'FN;PVYZKXZR+P8
MZ.VIZR\)J6!1
 F=6WOP7NC



L?5LZ .*0*$!MMS6/PH_JR6
;\3<T*O#W,9G(R/C*/VJ+NH,S'(M-2
M):#H8'?44E[;2\C[6
J
^(SW$SEFY%-1%-:^Q=Q+P8W.T-#C447&+LV'WUF


R!0


MJN%E
2J





5(+Y&S6C9V.Z.0U:3G'W

U:
6NT%FV;DC'FT-$.G


6Y/;GE%V)%0D.J_2+6!'^<[4
M$D$*Q;?<A)7]J;FFQY]Q/^-B7WS8A2%Q;F@G,-%8 44T=!PW&FDJQ[Q9
&+




^2F\$;P12:+YMX78:RVP#?^IBEIX_)[ZID;-<5:



6C5%O&)*.

:]7.K?CVV/S30U719\GH*D)W5B_)ZH)['=;SA2W$$ ! I
M9I!42VD7 ^






0F.%LH@+U8A!#R+F)



MVT0F018R9X
;*#2 ^/5


880*!%P7D\=6M=C%@0
M+C\HPEI'C*;:RAC9_N9K*X8(N 1G UB2='B9_(G:X7OVP
8E#/*6\+?8%\'I






M^=Y[V_F/!P6)8&PKJT18OT:H@(8E[Z@



/6!'CALY\!

C
XY02N*PR^-/0U+1_



XO.@[CVZXQ^ 8E P@Z!+%7=\D';'


CAR(1I/KH)8LFJHUL
M7LNC'


MG%H34@?QRC&]OP!)?YIFY_V1
?V8LUQ+#[0MG4$]EK/0;ML M0G8@0\Y+; 6
MTOE/C2]A!845P#X0O.Z870FT1Q(@'F[)Y&GIM-@Q3^[+ 6E

M?BY[^[;9

M%C





M=JXW5BAF5_#')H2P=SB8Y?W.F[P3


M

MW\8)KYC^







'
N.W5O
MQ/N' Z2Z+


CC['XJ)F
L_2WM4L0





M%-SYNF+HIT^UWDS)O'

MY6(
M1SP-XJ8E ^5LISE1$;L*R?:M*!U1P^0_RLXEB8O6=D-O.



]P87A[5[AERAH )[.N;22-5
Q-D .


6W*ECQ]_1CF#&
M:O)V-A@8W(=U@A[+JVK=IZB80Q!57?(K'TG


F9B=R#

A'2-9?[46:V
.:R 
_!788AFI/QTOT
MTQQ0_!:G$ULK!N#7=U-IU#K[@*@8R;:O&.9Q0Z_@%.86BQ$ND8[M= (\4#4;

M_@41(9XU_S6*H#LI:UM\G=_)RW%!\$E&/KT^\L;VWLI)][]

(S-9)&:/1(I$4S!^AO&QT*R%O
R@28PHEPM'Q5RZHZ

:I-!?7= 
\CTX @(
H-ACLMU Q&


3
;Z63@*O_BZ[-8R
UW'.
M(QJ)

*O07X







MK@(# ?PUJ;]3?(&M


M.U_MCN0

\)UH&HVF

^Q@HE/Q=CLO5*


YR^S9@(EGE:$OC0F%$'
M_BX?M]&#[EE?Z2W&2)
6::T%WW&9NL'$%$$ $=B
BC:U/J%V(5IW:H_
84&


_5OW'&$*-!ED$TY$$4ST?-YEAS16:M$CL1Q


Y/' T52^Q[_OH/]Y%*C8X/3*
:




M#4 TC.ZF%&S5+')V^^Z#S@9/9)X


MHB_FR
2ZX^GFK;APN22U


[.*TB(;D2U@*


MFJK*]Z9K;_.S!L@ R?US01=OLB=&(C.TBQ+/AB?
ZV@5G2M6G7+]_N- G!.5

/]URZ[

-F7J/_P]=Q\+V=<2\=T<_AZ42N(/GPL&9G^(Y,NMMFRJ%/;=D-)/\@=*


55]^+
ME%I;W7B @
S#@$Q#F=V@'3H$1%
\VJH'RXRX4KMJ==)C



!)=+1VW



<27,@6FAC!3P?%YQ@P^ (&?_\M2ITK_R4?HH\T1[9B!#:(
MT $7_0^F-OB6KC







M9RCFMW#


MD(MHE2'YP!Z_J[^^4A$ _0R*33^DUAJ-0%[%P5AY;X#EL4+
P]SW$XH$3U*0

M*NASS[4.]^



O)P K9BYFN4H?)= 5_2:EG\KK.^5


?N]3/3(F7'2Z0\']R91ZZ$B2W @C
R.?H5
RXX%\FI%SGR
MNXK%ETZEKQC5!PBXYXB-&AR]F-VMBEAVD\-&5(J

/
 H3_(%:]958[!S$6-%?.
98 K=7+)73LF\?Q)-^$6:9.H\9(W;GEP
K]T)KA@6_/PD%493OW$%L3\Q]:1U^-6(R:?6-3\M^I*(*



MS:



\I)#&98I'A5OG-=&H]6MYS8:8O$%?;A8D5(RRH.
W

DD99EA!GJN6A4FMF


_<3)DDKQ!!8XCNMF0FXP9O8A]N-$5$Z&X'A2@E!:-&K5?JT]]DNJ
M=&5]%'Z9BA_[O-CHC-&,MIK&WI'Y%=&?7I9OH5YIK<9P4<W]9$# WF3PJ
V-3+3=P+0
MKR17AUFSV
\I@?-4&I7




XH;]1E[E33U

MFKUZT2MGMAOO'7LK W;ZK@


K5::N


MJLK(T


MU[O% *7R2O44@D



M=^G

J%;H#]A-[.6V*

MB PN2'MN%UF]LS]$&YU!90/C#[4;]]W#[.:$D

C[O\@3D=9.

M(/00V8Y.QJHN=




/D))Q*YLC
]X'@6M@BPJ
F5N!PRK;+

M

MRB(7E^W+ZR
_MNY=NA+THADN-&C:HQ-T\^T)D_A*'/$AZG[R9%$_%5TS1@Z
M:#$^,'K18,2-)DO02_:RA2B4N6C#LSBV149F#;;CEJUH*08S6S@K5$N&O[?#
M-VK$1:NMG\8?=.GU!\LFD


M&&AI-'DK7.;-PH61O= D32FHZUAB%Q%$;GX9\(K$QE6:94\CPLV(C_+%4X7B
M\6IF8FZXBJ:%92M57%NH6^Z $]0%;; 1F
NB%U4JSEV1RZ73MJWXO??EI7(3

;7WG99;S6R=KO
#5Y8M/$9UA3$V+8U[[V1?8H1

MJ33K\U5&Y=HG@
F0'FJ5FFK;R:)U0WCBZ0^D3U20HB-+CIZD+$=7R1VMG#QZ

M[6B :.3!29@F:BZ:SD=UQ$!+:NFCG@]6\^9)WV&655X



TZKOZY3^.HE/N42-M8=J(5396/O!
MUI@/63\& NJCCHHSM2HY013OFOBZERC@5+D+&$L3OGFI!W-[(36V7?
!1


M@_K9@[BYEVTW04O?O;6&S\(QD8RL



!64-5WY=ZRPS8)VH9^S\6S\&1LTY
M?SVH@[


MUT?:R.MKLPCUXM9($NAQ6N7\FR%.'K_8+=7XQ$GGINI6-K0*^#B])#D]('^2



JHDU==2YY[NPXW
*.!7PVR
M/%9B59V(?DKYQH



YN^;0%*SCBK9L=N'ZJWG_:

M8L?493CFG*


M4#-=J;:5'82:&0DRC]F?^Z 

SO\CE;!
7W*:R%@
MF
BW]3ZB#



0 



40?E 9F.W0Y 77Q@ UA@;_Q@!A
MCP_MK.BW$VA05NZL^T'1/6^ TD?/VSDG+L)E[?UH_:7S)U15Y!LQL+P5HR*
MAC HUVI A3J9M








MI&S*Y=.$X0;=F2.H@M%8/

&OI




U2AQ
MN[D'Y[MFT.P?L10.SB*.3*DY:=(5Q(13^0_Z#S.H$:.
ZYW6B]5 # U:[0_;


M/]R
_L
_'/JO20Q_?E?^MA7M&&B8_VZHD&4:P_[6FDM.C4%;BQLPJ6VN[$UQ


M$V!;C+.SFH\SVHU&V\$L#J4IC+/X[F'.M]2!#
LNX5_B!+
+ '8:3281^V?L


M96YE#]AD2PJCE^^71]SFPB +59B
$4/F&T*C[RV0K==NZMY4)+U0!QX_S:;'
M'-*-9UJ99Q+NR=W5&7Q:7



.^O


M.&ZD]L6I4[**/
&/=\HB\
2=IB?(#9Q%-6/R\ %LR%5[&W61WW']&=6ZFLXG
M4[

IYJ




?MOFMF;LWTADS\UAQ*3T





M7:T_X?8GASVO3!2N0]%V1EH1B :TQE:BB'SUY98VQ$%Y5&AU&CYS-\5#AE9-
MA8D=ZXY00 R^UK$$^MB/HZL8HOKW
3$+&Y+\NN\6&0V6A46[(S^96
OS%E
MXO?Q)EJ!B:P








M!(LF2U_;/ZLM:)097E(0(CT=?WG=4(P'H%)HM4@9%X-+%9G!./ZG@V;C3A55




S01
GU5#
3;W








QL%1U/XM_3*I
M[4W')$U4Y+QH]?4G]7TD-EEWU2EV$^@YI3_3597P\&.[E/OC)X1
KWX ]4JT
M4P4G


: RUEW/):H%CDD
M# YEE'^Q/;PBL#V6J6K#WONBV?9G#_]7?$^EOE6G$'JOXM(3UX3UH=*\E#C
M/W/13

M'YW!6IIL5'/^U/\?3D)K]9M0SU;J
=+KN2L17+GIV5LW8H3.(_QO5^=N9;
M 5N)\/82[=N=P8MO ZV;)\W?2

M\#2K)&/X!V)2^_7F[[,;VU**?%25ACO6M3!Z]AX+C MFA^_FTH+:.DX4!RO
M$3 OJIX1


!M
M1D2\/RGS=\XRQUN)/1MIBC16'V XEH&&'$I2H:@\ 0FPF_[W-=L3V]UJ?9
M#EKA(:/^KW?2-#&!O;1

!
MY86<17_S];SK]U3ZZC5ZM_+8$_8Q/F$$W!.;VR.O6J6L.1(+<KD6]I*:X;
MOLSXJ=AE3;3EN?[U.E8@Q,#&Z/;*+%;=2)T7&OW@/.D$.!73]Z)S7@.FY%(

M/XE%P

<R$?5R8R3L5;R5O1
M8

M



M:0%0?J4+.RZ(Y6)WO4H;?5.X^!_A]QI&^IHV]((L2NSH)J^M7W_TS2]^VH7O



UT#G246:XY0;_%
MQ &U_95DODR*B!





&!=L^
M6JY+CWB62
4B(;U\%E[I$&V!_X#*\)!@AH :2-^ +XQ:[_0




++6K?R%ZAY@N'MJ2%





MGE3


\@

M5
2+OHWTP7<ZRH^ <T:D1 UV%-O!@7GY&]_-TSAWY
M84P&7$R&E6T..




*I 42_!20!983H-KF!0KTGY;
M.NKO4+CZG+@V\



3G_9K48J?RP5B#

M
!].V@:G5D/(/\V0%KTK'@T3(F=@_QH:IZ$G!AEZ

VS;05Q@#KXI&

?^-T.N1PX
O!XK
9 ;\%64K!W$V@
FT 0A=, 58&R-55VS
MZ&;P-K[<]R23$J0^^#=9VF8<V+?A@-VV!]9C&1/846E-868CQT]1SHZ((1

MKP;. 25EM8CSGMB




M7$?0R


O1T

E_\,9: (_OS#H9_01^[?



Q&W(-
MBSUG'3J;=1HR1?9*LXJ/



B6[UARX(R#'YYD8_;(5KCQO&2[R/GN1&!!H\O
M]4=(UNBL]F
1@!7VDWZB3Z
M,B+B.SSH,\)*AY4C4Z-77-,E]SK=VMV'=I^3PT2E[?KE-VP#WXRN'.8K*C[)
M4;)8O/G:X86FV&)3?T_G9UA^+H+M<V_*M&UC3_<JSA4N@']R=3TG7A/'XT!1
M:/A_D,%

M;?7+;'


MJ*
+U?'P]:_[V!Q9[N.
S-^VGRMW]9V_[X
K/[:4WB\+M&!^]I_ED[O!VS]CS+QAS#+N\X0TH?4KX<\4IU@0BI4=CTY
M3


M]%J]@%% 'CO[/^YL//OX6?+_?+WZOR=
]-F^6;@2*_&]39!TJF$YF/NI;F$*



M'5%5!Z).9IMQ


[46 $]TLI[%E1]OD'!U_0^3H=U+
MV5X5=3[+8YXK;HD1+M]4!C:^6HQ:W()85FQ
T159
MZDN-OR%'KAF'Q:&WBG.=R=WHA=P9)MZ=WE@@\/Y\R)KZ/O77E-;M.G!3P4OC
MZ1D+[AO&:\A)G
'R;?L
JZ;[;8;)\]B'3$VJH JG?'Q0_61%W

POKU=IB#W
MSZQ[



4C'N
M$\8G)/K^E

 LE[61QU[+



(QFM?H$M_(XJ/3SE\(_3RCD*^WGL@O6_ 9



MK9A.TZKFE9^AHTBJDCI=P+AJ

MR-7Y
[[:K_:U$19_PK$XFO-]*3A\:P0OIX!/T#;_M:L

M;*H367]9YTN0R8+8"B*5ES%.M7J.'1,YEAGE9(/*7BNPB81-D#NV?T6CI
ME5'6

M.Q['YHY

=:6D:M6LAN/SG9X


MJ0!8)BI9ZU\IV^+K(L
#AY +N;=T20QQZ/[#^0 YNE#]A\.6GS


MS&#;?3-95%)J&S/:*:PNX3-O^
J3?E+J+)__

(W



M$






TIZM8=9/3'+P;/-L^WE5+*&72F+YG5_

M2FRX6K&I(
QGF2O#8V?\5G!)NY)\(.F?

\.G&.V%)(Z






M8V9?;&F+FRXD#''W^XSI2TUYFCNSNOGY95Z!93@4C.3_))DDBK%ETPLBJ#/H



M5L5DFY1)XUG% C[QWT^@8:$&#8/$TYDJ_ODL*5N838)6PVT:*D;5?3)\VQ2@

M^&O;9H60!)F(@R&

/W7A
(%13
M-AJ&V=C2^!CI;1K.&+@VK3!85IED:*G8
'GQ4952J]:1L[;#MN(GT=

MK#D#]MG.*7O@%8V)2N+QGKN870AQ6O7])25NIY--3PH/NX *_5_1K[40UY$
M=5[N58/K

W^V7\^]+-=[?$L-
AY
M?VDA\[5GH.'8U Q-
/6:Q

7/;/5P5



MNZG:U:#WO5
+]LK4NT/84-QPN E2


CDHAR@3Y2OEN5:IGI=1
MZARK&J_OZ'
PITL..X%RSU)N(Z;\FY4]:*G7+S(O@7JP5I;JM*-+#:U;*'?W

M)O#.A*W_*/X^*M06E

MZ+ @U[]NF?$_BN;$(Z0Y[E_X+CB]4KOO&$I+_H:*D]X2XYD+6NBE:G1MW)IS
M)7L7[Y+7R
^^\



D5Y_F+)X&P6T^1221@^@EQ
1*/'_J+9U^SKC[-5$218
MKQVQ3SPY/8Y\R0K\




M'0ZPZWN


K2S%M-O

MHG



J+S_^V_Z;_I?X#P!#A\GV
M/7PZNXPU]3)\/9A^Z46PKZG&9/=+MF@G_?J[KI4S(G[0V4X$-G)@562X!EJU

MU
+S:W1#@2G4IU\]NK@8/AAL26?K$X!S]1*'R+=;-!+I/IE(JCR/K1B%';][
4<XF]6UO(\&G@U7J
44Z&

+K%H-XD\_C@?$
)

MK5:

M@56S+UDIKU/V@M*!B1Q(TWC-FD$?&X42DC'/N%-M-Y$

M6:





VV'5' WRDDM/A/#
/DSJ2^
%



I:

4RE19.WN485<6)
$L04N=89*V.=GAVNSHDH*'&T3A-!FGM[;DEN2X

H)NU$G0W$]+GY-
K'
/F4;V@L#;$1R0GT(G)*DXQ]R2T+!YT+#;IWZ^$S
#&&

.\6U

99

IUYA?-DK!$IN:]F1IN@FP$.%5(
MIYW/(N]D5ZL XK;Z@FT4UG



MS0O9#]PEBFQ/O


M#93^^3$^GTGIKSO+GU\W%![.W\:5SP0$?BU ES[

+CGL/&+5H)B*@


3%4[_ANO7\^9SM


=/;]P9JU


E


+5/2R796ELX*-:]Y





C.=/\KT2HG<?[\1[_E&PYC
M-0:+=!S%OM9I2#NSQK;N[4_<VC)8]&Y3J_&E&:L3
@XFKMHL!'N;C-UN
?.



UXJB]%B#F@67O(7 ^:1M.%8M5SHC%\&%





M!LC#-9=4C2!-D^:E)+6=%EJ!3(:SK 
!T;6LPMFOGD2L*H?]5$V9-$]^U8-G

TL!J'V@4F:-0OD9W$#

R?]]SIQ M^:

CD7V





^!9UZS*-BW;@;ALK7FW-N7;]5LHW-Q'QB


3WMQ\?LJBV[GT/1Y)2U8V[=

;R]DU+\V7NJ


M4T5J


V
2
MHO B9@CRX2PVR(A'L[[*]H7/
;1/_PDXO\ _NH'_P#L=Q!J#
:8['@4FJ4
MFK1XD)Z748TJ1




.9$+*W=QLT)1 ]1;Y^J-
MI4)+H(P*J3GO:&K@K_&%
KPP)J%&%E%YV&H!


M4ZEUMUGS+SJM.0.(:4Y;9B05HE;ICH]5B2D91;)J
D.V')' _$F7JHTOB
+I


M7FVQ3?(4=))6
MLVP9*(J53F.QZGQ.Y'):A7'A1N/3V


B*;IGZ5S,C!Q55-BSY[]1\YAS77
M



MV$U150



MWIAFVYUYUZKFT@LIEN6YD*+\G&59PX6ZH5K'_=52R@A?)$21!3P[VG4D6$

O$-BS::IRHJ*B'E/Y.(M(CM'%-Y
MYK*ZGG!*/?SS]U^+=  -S8E11L-A)+8:HU+91H8C&:XBFY$FR;?*6Y.*I)ZU



MK2$#H!W32

-NIJ _3FKS(UWK

M2YR5%/3%5BG!!N%V8=)U&%
72&RMV

&FW&V[.)69(1W&R5N/D)U$[2)JTVJ*

.7$=7X


R) RD2QT^\3 D&
M3G5


M

MA7&7&Z9Q=1(U7C



9\@F]+3)^8C/
KE




Q[!

MM^MG1[W)CB'B53]7;*[/J30^YB:UBN-=


M !9W_P+9?JV3PQ6QANN-&VW'?=5I20NR,2V'9OHV+*,473-/EB@O*2X\E5
M*9)KE-?8S\.2W++




M9Y2X;:CR( S;6D06VLRMR1 N.]% TD^$J-IHWET]/R96


M*@TV6W8 5[1DKLEHTV0PPXFPZ0)F
?BFV[BI)TM:H!& 3D-Q=8FU%%5]IA
S

JYMS:=0E9:040A.Q?-75&PI?3MD(-ERF/(N1BS(]

M

M11W(Q16#%N^41E1VD7HVP0 *B3#M5X6JXYDRG4%CU=X
R9K_A:KH_A.F\H


N/F0O

79U9$[.KN;T:/+0&[

J$DV841K-RZDE]H
]AS9E1
.

M?\)M_A]6E]:)E]2IUP@0PXV*5?
KE1I]

9IYI9DVT(*5KZ
5HVK]^?
NY8KP@ZV1

@7)

M'8

MN^6/5(9-2M!5LKD1QQR%(MED1W@N./.B/'E&']\8&'2N
(P)WN
*42@5ZP^D


M[73KA :!5NNY66R=V]LX^B*2V5.JEMNBJBI9-^E[9;;]^


M^
+#LN



5


X\B-S
*BW47&7VCMTWS ZFR]U\

R'(S*( 2 !C21PO2%44#4PN





TH[J
Y

M8;3N+L4-IIO-MF
6G=E7$G_A&F_]
N*PE#IG#D7@*+\&S58IG$[?#= K

M01**D^K

MGN

MD

M[C)+RY!=)Y5V7%V24H$T2-I1'.I9A\VH&:ZG(OF3O^^
DMMDQ2VG

1U9%1? *O37X@NJO9Y/*_!EY?26'4(Y.PI@CT)8T


M:HRQ4**Z\K(5BFD;L=LU
A9;FMF /0G'Q$3;SB3!9T:&0;R&V)0*+5N'H]31

M.Z

M15[30&Q^[QZS&8=D/'PO RM

=1E(&;(ZC;:6LJ8*2-&ENT@8U3T1C4-S


&EO9 :005!%6J!46Z:S'E-#^PKC8&?97DCGEC4V
^7G]
M+*4OM#XKS./*E\1V6J1



MCXDT_D^[;OZX^)/Z/LN-V2^K\^/B#^K&S2W3JGA[?M].+Z!V6UK;^/T=.JX_


#1 P)$A7HHDET5
M%[E3!L1VTJ59(?-06RY&

MKT9CLIR
-)MZ/
:\[I&XI$M]$][]R(BV[^N^+]F*R^R]_9C]KFOJV_3^6V/B


.57D6Z9L:;#;FHJJA$JI;=-U+(I(B6_AI6Z+T7KB


4=BR'X1


N=-\B[+W9


1NV.K\I5);[)


M25HG591/-$I+IMW'.B73!


MEG4

MKM(M@RW=W*&4$4N5!NA9ES6]+ELE^6U[D^W(8DN$Z860[2&[#:_G# # E( 2



1R



1Y*&XF5OT(QB
Q:(
MR\RL\8XR=1Y3$TBD^K'FT0&A



_P@(?7CZ?I14W^O%T\=O?U_-OBR]Z^_O\ JZJF++=;(BW3


PVW:Q57F
M*C+J$B3*BJ+

M7E&
#\1F*

R5G4X6S
ME/K4XLX\S;0LYP

M_P%?Q[\3$_W,_\ ]$[?[?G^Y[2_)_3AEJ45K!V?;Y.GJWNOHBIM-(5[J G


/

MZBW3I'FGY&JY%C22:C.=HB
/JCT?]KN

MX#

+E5F50ZBT2*P(.Y;:QN

J/G6CE(X4M% FZF
M+*H6!=I_$U/AR


!=_./2VE%*B:+;+'@.Z2\VK
9(4;-ZL\15*35)A7YG5\S%:4MF(L

RYEN9$2NK')&S=:5E7
@*Z *0D6BX0J;!EER$ZRH.JT3C*


T %J55-N2PTYGLAPH#$MP456Y$R!*!64!(/#%#;);9CD
R*JJ
MKOZ15B146D7*E_-@TVJHN4$PN;AOALO.90;7ARBA(JY0YDAMUZ]42Z+U3I





M?25
R]V^V

M?M[UL@+U[K67PM;;ZT3U]
;/L_0JICY?;?VXO=OI\SFLJ]%YOJ^CPQMIV^


MO?O9.[OMTQ^\IOOF5-B5?!5\?2[OG;XLJ
CZQ1/5]?6_7\V$%;(B7 +EO?




MU-ID71T;)S [JOH:&G*.E:W-C5@RSEDY)IS+$1Z*34E1JT(9T/
ZCJL&XC19


\4=X'
B\^1*
M?4812FU!#[)
9('D:5O40@U$0[*7'QZ)OC4HT\J9+ZK$E%E:)?!7


9W12:=$7
M41+V4VW







4V55%+]+KUZ6

AUQR/JOH]*=L *&8WEYT5$4


M;AR'F#C1_




Q[
2XTE
M6X\]E

V/-?!MP32Q\*CQP]
5/:5.I7=WV%;^K'-3_ ((X

M3\+T!]RVPA\'-):CH6_IAY7)]P;VV&2P5K\R*NSLOC/AFC\:\

\S]=X 25%



M
QI+POR)0



K0



M
5*4!Z5/IK$EOLT08L@).1U





MU!PW*:;=\D5%M$EQV;/%E@F5Q6D)%+37(%NMG+FN5#'$JD(8.NH8&694&Y
M




M(2VY
5PDR3M2EV:0@R$/*M]0033+F1'$/F$&*PV\C[*$
.M1A!ZIP6[W1J
M1J.AY2IS5[
P9+C11@'3@SH(:C4@!F$B%(OV&JQ,SD:B;J(.$(&S);145^


\KS8JK*921#

'4%ELS6^6.!.$8L94UU!

M 



M]AK\;



G$)#B9S8I4)K
VA+#CD1V%


MH79X\MZGA

MEN)47:
M4Z^H




U'=:*:38H^;P(;K@.. 8M

\BLN!$1UIMU-


UN28VO0TO.CK5:)$.2PZ]3GEDH9^?\I9^WC24^FF,Z&D1EZ/JIDD
MJR.345'(T2?V]F-$I(21I


MUZ)MMMU^GV;X60K:OPY(S-8%4SD*J@ZTJ[:S*W44+E


M56O7[NZJKU;_V!P



S4A8&XWC;LLFW 8B-*J!T8UL&.Z?_*FJP-;

MQ12F]L?E#GOA!IQ79WW(+TC





+RSCN
MJ*N/XIWH

FEZ:QD-5



MRL'-X=H&+Y.:3J1.




MKMY79?96AZ29J([^3CL.ST=:DI%CH-1MJXQ?

VE+L[4D9H
MBAC=]%?YFW1CRRN:R@\M9Z.^@:S*H]0=5SW/
[K:K2FY#8K3G2E8TXAM310C
M \ 6+T9/?(8BS:531?/ ?[M_&




^\V-DKHO
M$I&$A$)TN!4XWL*3N
%K_W,K*<OU3-RQN@$BF4*9)
MEB/VEPBA]GE\PSD8QM1Q'UI-?!X=VZ?2&D'_L]FIBCCOR)F2A(FM(:&MC;4O
M/NM:%XX<@CL/:MJFHD3-ZPG.G4:\8X73 VM6T;DV8X9<QJ/6M#G)M%=\9.\

['5!U@.[G)/7


MX*9[52JGIB'SDA$S$T?YDA1GXI%VVP;=TZ2V@/SPLE5KH?XNN/D4'[2'J*V_


M^]URR;2


5[U&[70=V\YQ;
MNI/WY0[/]U&J


Q3!UE2%<<Q.&D,!CK
MIZ&SS!?:RFT_0&U8F=



M14UFTSWTG;\]A$

M2*C1[M@WC=I?XT%I[*8ME

L


 AJ-49LE3SX0IUN!1SN\<4]--9[\Q023-%0R4%4<GV*-S
MCR)1JXNG_P)N37







M3!2JJ

M.

U P
M.[7.LD%L+



I#4?7\:E0





M.+M\O5M%WZJ4[VA93B +]:@.=LHB4^W_1VEJC7T:R13H'#D\-FR$F.TH&\






VZG=PL





?%/
M!\R
.].L?MWUU&F@AFA15%E-#$[UBXV_9;0T3+%EG?:[8US/\CV:A?!30\3Y

MKB5M@\F5%[?QV)7+KV^C231-2\_#-]I::'C]

0
M0_SWZ=AHU+L7JJ$FX9)^\ 9_XD[COO
MSJICRF3!ZT0C!.E-J:^#/4D5Y7&(.-)QF+B#



M]\6Q.Y\=CH++G!3#P_U#ZZE&M;Z =&^9@R$IJ^U@9M

47K8FI(V'*X[)\^H 


M555(

T
M
ERK
PT-['<F;(Q21QB6
M'



Y:C_/

M_'Q3A80JJY

MPQ:8.'[1&_2 YASJ-O#:=1)8ZZK






.\1+PH1$+[\!

M X9P4)T!*K4[#+7:##=J/'OGLXLW*[FX;L P/\U9D6=3[::Y;-/YRCR1P-F?
M7JLXM;WPZDK6!\'0V
REOFG

9] ZNNH7190F^&CM66Y!E!*USO1XM
N/F4\
MRZ4$$





M]GF@![.I7JOJ T=N7P@LBK)X- XX
5!=A[)@LIV0%UT.J4?'!^N$&:7M5CF#
M?S]Z
8@^!=



F60

PY<YO
MNW.@+F;L.\KBL!DAXYW3%*YW .YC^]UM91FN8,IK 4N?E7MV^_-'(7KK[\9
MWXX/='UV_CXQO_H;3+SMGNFRG @HM3]#JQHD83^P-

M-8?.%&17?<WE+N5LBU8WCSJY]6?W@$--.==]RR:ZN!KV%E#V_322\&&QVO
M]AVD9;,?2E/GBX=J,C-,KSBU)=]EK+8?O@VOE4&-E5SIB=8YZ</.?OJ%Q^O



GG=I&3LUM=BB:^DTOXY


VJJ;
MBJ%31R\17$!IX-V?HWXRGB
Q3E*CZ6O#86&7$9/V_?@M
^7YY2:@/:1C'OI@
*E%



M8L$\?DII2='ID
3YLV?[!5I_%A]C9;'&2@S]GD*MPM5O+B/1
)_0THP-RI&M

MV.PA2 #]Y:JKXS

M(?

M/Q]



MU3N@-WV]+%OCAT?@=&
9.H%M*!Q=4Q3R)F\BOP\SO8Q -G&]RCYXF







B8GU+\$:0L(?C+V*$H8
MD]YV



M5=*


MY)F-B3^X
[Y0B_[V+@*I/-3_^ND2Q.M#T+ES50O\/7
MHW[1


'Z5DAM8K7FQ&#-OU7J
M4 BS+-#6?Q;?R[4WW51E^

MF=&PU:\L+
RFFO[=G73L(K19AY?DH2)E9UZO# 7FDS_?'W@Q50TQ'Q33Z2BQ


M-/!/=?;0![0)&1CWXUZHFW77/LDAR7U;^:I/1JE2H9YZ5/7#?ZGGQJW-O5

+:=6G \2G_!^5=ZJU\RI':+V)\S5G_Z88?'/P
MJ5@*/E!$E.4
+I;('L\G(**'DZNV7T'V0!TNR.$.!4[FGY/3.8%IW];/ GC
M+TG0_4_ BT17]$@HKX]ET&QJ





O;
/



2
S7
!


 4IT']RV^?YQ


'/#XZ1;)RPGX6?X,-1&6?K
M++D*4J&FCT)0FEM@$K8I\/#\[O.^%\%P7#BI #'L$K2\DGC$KA3J_5-(L6/E
MM$.+LR(YF.^[[7JZ!4BQ;3!PM_4EZ:RXJ17:T6VMS#@HZ9OTG?LSO3]QCDH
M(PX.?^'N%*2XX


/

G
M$45S(:+XVU^

















)Z[2D&P

EYP




B/



#

6RPNC$[RAM:A@([$2
MH+],.*&UPHJG[)3V/Y19OXEZ



-S@73J9DR0DQ-S:@;T

M708/'47_('?W


M-K*L\0L3QP']'A2H$H.C/#(/T3 ^6.^&.GM#87^
++UV3E&4L+LSOEQT+3!R
M;MH8^T8=JG0&:E;Z184
@S+


M+[3M* 

_HA6B30&N[A5O.%MR9XE%(Z&

=C.:MU*91BL5U*4@V)@KMS@U!%
MQ20&85P0DAR5\XMC\V *
/PKDZ3L=&Y!ISUUQ-*[_K
/8+AE%R[ #FJ8\28-


MP=XA;XAA.#8[BFP5W$'=YR0I@!5 XBS#SGQ\# ]!EM].LRW&]R
O)!*UQ;



M(](6! [73+HKI)?+.#ZI]LT8TV%W%*J2ZGGL!ND5[ -0J-M'5 4%O!BC58!M




&46




M05SK&^E)-21$LFT&:[/70I#:




E(ER8D10S\

M0Y@SG*^)[AN*BA+(





\)QT!5Z%;]VMN)+PW<\'0%W8_@.O

M/?


 ^W7#U9?3G.5Q
M8^;:PY-
)3U


J(*+S5[$36Y3M<^8T5HC6_AP1=+I6'R$=*@O


-O+A0=S%-N.( ?/B)U)0E%7

!?
M6+R]0;3_ 




M?/6'V*BP[@ 2WCB@6X.1[2K9%9



MEP[-H['EY

MY'%4@Y7N.J#U3VZ4D@EIC FC78BI2P^[\#%G4F(-9BO=
%T+U&F)4ANE80X9
M$=D;J0K91X





M   0 - &@-!^I&AUGTH9$*@L+QA
.C.50EJ#HQ:KP$1
 %T  :/& PR!
M!U2HL=G+CQ$ V.SX
2R7JYK0]!R(K9I1$:-J244&HB(_^F*[2LAS74GWFBX-





[)EC]FPQXJLFBOA&@







M

2 #K@K/24J0 7UJ#2K(Q.CB#?1+II:4H/8.6'Q=;


$EQR

MBYR
A$ UXG['+M&G.%

1FDQ%\DR')OO1UT%P%#R3^4HM ^S)
M NA=0

;3




MDH4[RN1(-T

T1RO-;][NU_&)G\ D0T[7

M&5!H+TX^S4Z9J


$SQ]C*0QG^A8#?7!@

MXH/I68X-+VUN$




IM#5G3V[[_CH7%^);&I


DF*&V1+
M62Y'Q.






M^'\F!QZQ.7U_Q_?6

F[GOYZPXK2!$+D7408.#2



M

M$5R0*;68H\XY

MY+5YKTN^F+2FS6S:U7N;WH-T#JN_
$6[817F#ZT8(&5$C(IP#I/Y#;;#-D7M

1+IP@; 7#)4/A*K;%
MH^$$AE: P:D/3A\N
P4:\C?I HVN45#1. PP^S08) $M?N8UA_A23/Q0X*J
MAH:)G1I#$FB
9
@0U&ICRUTJ@O2J%\






4V@FFL'[;

MD \-R0Q*3Q4GYQ7IQ&.Q[.QPZ!3KXG)\HJV71Z5;DR6!HO#_ )/]UOVY+7%O
MNX!Z6.[(T]\A1F1P61N[GT2).GSD2F@[939#F-+ ]RJIOQ4&(1#]
WT@L?

ZL\X/U $Q/
M42C#QD;@ BML-]*



MVC:#:&3AV


UA65S?X\@][I@:A;X'[T1; 1!AY9+-=(S=


MH.NGP# 6BTDE:EGD35

P 0#-I;8 !1F)Y-
B
M8OM)@9

M+U2+9P;J(?

MAMDAM-')WV

$;*)H24='GDS62 EMNV1P*



MYV

MIR/0IRQ.4WDCA$_:+[OU1

GXFKS#

C1JI7

J$/




U;
W.D28(T@KI*<KH/
M&\

L[OA(;MHI 02

M0)R)L--
]GG*//NG?KAP&)@J=_+8#VF


M5%TI  ^.FT_N02^^%*^4GZARA8YZ;5?JZ(O+2GC@8)5B
BF)&BP%N-2L(O
M=E5B^S0U)6'=Z].&-J15X9VK8+S8&2L378-LD7.#JREISI;6Z$*'!0$ ;$@0

G


M+*7.B6FVO#'00SBJ[7BOI8G9][G*DV71=@#73OY.*&0&=Z_)+QJKIO&M3
M$1&]M2:/LOK7
F'KXTY?!XI-;$1P6O1F U%0PF!?8G'EIIJCM6K*
V:3$)
MT0N)B[WO34RQ V=_&^8I\XAHC?9 !PH+D(SYJ1VN\ZY#@2ZR.S.U5)7-=K*


$ D(  !&X^0CM


Z
MX%/

&J
M[5B\_9K86O+*?'37.[+FBI7H8)U!XK&^M'T;QCDYDI-;B)Y=.;GC\07E*-
M(&G?[9L-\

M!U.B=_MQ







;]P;T

\XJ34WQH

M%Y$ZKQ#!EU


-\;BOP1^WT6/
M^@6UOOAI=%=7P?'1:Z




M([H].$-0:HNJWBI[AM:V*3AFYNWF
H7P WNJ6F#T\-T_#QC%;Q/)]NSSWE
MPB/'3[W1]_OD&XWP@E^__'\8YH([Z&&!_43ET$JA!8ZV%=V=8=(UKVFE0K
M\N[N)E-13[.-S]AH=-O)+JC9Y;0EB.VZM2%
(5:/9'H$K7B:MER:62H\3Q3-
ML_V=% U0*A

;E'WIE76(UA*E)F%ZO29CXEM;Y?7HM(K3 7) @&_)I]02L





M4BXVJ-5_4?7C$HG*KT%0_$BY]4;,)TD2MFXK0@P3TF52%A!(P6[WUT89+F



=K




?-P
GP&Q;%J341P9-AJ-HQOVZ16@





M]C4(0FQ6.NO
VQVY&D[4YMWW5]K2O&)7L9M4[6O*MZ4XP)\_=='
7LY'XI24






M1JO1KI]CCKFY!@UJ^-
H4P1-3B??OO.T0-3R;Z+O7]VW?C?YUY^_\\\XY6+(


W3'
M:!0*2A/


A4KS';UY[:

M!6G!5F8P:^(815(PH[;SI
N/+FE



MU

MJ$] /;G?LPFR@I@1EWH;&VN\(V*HLPSGNTHMS8E-VUNW*^18^_IR
/P&\/4O



W)S7I1@G)P@N$"&#()01W<5[Y[-'T6;OATKJ?LX5:KLRUZ=;2=?_#^

M




[
KPED 4R4C/!]$\BSS&[2/#X3Y
 N..
MPIX+2Z7P9(%A!71_A'$'/@YW6Z$*SM4'290Y1B#EXX@+L^
1#@H8K'GI-]XT

MLW $Y]/QKT90!6M_%AZYMU^V+ A!H\A*[O5/?F&/(2AV0+JP K0TNL7BU!R4

MV;&&NF#PF)=/!JY8 Y#KHC'7I_9ICOP7-;?!_3[.6?P?;&%4@E&KA&710Q
M\/\ V8X02[R.&6O
9]CGH:O^AG5XQ#03/2]2&AX 8AY4K:D1JU$G04-I8B

M%7$*9*B\KY :8LVJ%=63-'.N(
Y +QV

87AQ<K2H:U)VA


M)%(;B2J2189
YDTW4*L



^

%
N
X;
M?O3<P=NSO.5+$\ D?N??%R'-9WP-[.=G!/[M\'B 8AHH'&7K8$* [EDVU



M\6A0O#(
$7$5M34A:OC8J5*
UMUAL@MN*=4+]R/O'GEG$_KS_?6SQ/XW@)D
MA:V#$2T;:*5;N%72!ACG:CHQ3+OR6(:\IH^Y[=!
Q&Y.00IF^A2&B
DYMZ@

M.?=
8%DY0Y*_(D7

'UY8I$IEI[DRY'_D[7-#2(I0

MBM#YSGL@J-B\.5!I5]-DIS J/(33BK@$_E8EU.I0T

2W% ='%B\8*









[?V/P04
]*B3 HL$/
9M;%R-RKRP 0TE&PF-.

MSN8


M1!1%E\V@@%0Q?X3^/H (4)Y'28BOA0'[ $02'M35(X*HAH3)O\



B0N *%H(JZ&UI8M8I!P



M7






I30T&%C=

M*JX
[(8RU/#R1+F92*W@K!


MPZ9+-DU&

MC+G_ +37

M##C-7


*)P&]?(ZP
MI29@)N8%U%7]Y3+4#_,'[.W?J+ZRP&1;O9E\!:TCA'S:+[:9'6I:'/QDI&A
M%'87 T[?&0P2)L(+*T/)V=:UA*;5L]HI=Q/..X/7)Y/:]91U'[-HV:'8TM.

6A9S'!K#Y


&1.


81KK* G1N5BGL%7Y$[



)O)G^U#ZP\/(Z:9^E\H]C_ &H%$$B/L !



^6_6-@4*J4/)+(!KH



M


M^.+%L[V[%\U




YBXZ8/#OVK5:Y#9-8G5UWN0QR?9-2

6\SL5Q=5?$D
)LW+9PR]

EH$

'C


MJ] GFY.LH)@5'S1*'^!&1;U2'1


M=S9M90Z695@(\FO1+A
?P#*ZDW6@H[
116%/L!@
?1?/4CG.ICLO$*'3U:.:


[)
MROTMYAK2(EZ5B;7%4=F%XK^!$U8I*A6T1*1 *1//)3RN:Y[!/=1R$&#88.C.
M%-0X#--.DQXSD@@:\E1B9TCDCZ&098B'P)1]#Z9R (PU.?9I!BVEZ$R0?
MNJ1VE8]Z)#(3(#53OY6)FF%
*0=FPFVXHO)8 B*S*/:'DAJ$::\B!\&X@2 T
MH@EVV!\U7(5EJDM6'KPW4@8= 0K%&FD!$H ;5\C;='1G;]/O#71P\!O4#U

W38=K2BP1;TK8$$?M'#

%
@#+U[7R=.



M-)(- %GB%5F)%Z=%['$U7#:&[P*

7X#^/J36C1.#

MTSIN1_FGSLZSI\&?Z

D     @'@.L5'
&#$B%AOQ#I&RB?W



M2=SU ;GO

M;Y@=AJR@F0'[=OZ'1?O^NVB%\JWLWGQP#[)ZZG?PSV&?$&+I/E@;SA!-8+#N

M1L+YA]AVG4EW(Y:N82BM-M0Q


M.O0_WW78K!60;.^BAD(&-RSJ@L0XJG7VR580\W2 P N&PJ4\0G1_#5?0TR/
M!V8/$
B+




9TDIMC9&/LWVS6


/MAC S6.-/;85Y?W? W&IRO 1IHNW3ZR)0J0CL6FVD]/&5:!4++$C
M[E3_ +C*
!2=O -5E8XP\W?QIY#Y?_
YP4+?''KO?X]XAC=1B;:.SLU$&##$

M^WSFI^??YP=$


:0 *I@!5

IV(A.!#K#

\ZX
MD_.VOQ*UX
*U9$!!84

H

MNHAD9T*='U=93!F;?&^,$D$KQO[HTU)&(6QE;DT52]M\(M&EHH#6J#Z-X2+
MY6_PP)EFA]803 %#7_XYQ3EP](!P6&W%(B)SA-K^R-ADE8OM*/\ @4QJ&#\%
M/@WYO+FAU3N
/?=;&0

12





MNU6X!&[COY^W_


[KDJ5!T2HBGI !K%T&I:_)W35@



 ;P

M*=1:[-5*Q8M0+?X0\\*,8''8!Q=Y0 FFN&*KQ4=2B ZE%DDT)Z
P8JV:*
M8UR12SP0(S;!L$+;1/E0[2'/$9&FD9A8IYHC !$[3A;'-#;@B*]= TI8#;!


?$0G N*&PF72[HV3[KO.2H8 1L)L



_FS2










YBNGS]:U-7AY/E&#

M9@@)


MU4RHMU=YTL4?R.XDE]7KP%A7$V*CMIJ-]M/PXJ!7 ?VT@1M3!YT((9=
;9

3S&GRL*EBT$]#
\O#1S8JETM.[E!

\3=$A24B*5#$#V?A@=6#
*D
/SA

N_ ?UO
85*0ZM/6BK/\



M6MMMUNB2P5N=G9+0.:#
X4S^10+%1V4BJ )&Q@5)1A5T_T+?G?UPB#K9^+




M;P(T(RK %G 5QJ#/OZZPO ?NOV 0FIC$!X/S'!5#9'CB31S4*RF@-31A2\!B


M

;(38+]FA[DS:$NV+%6) ^


M[M^_?OW4N1$%L=O@0D*:OZ=K2!(-TFH7%(3A?


MIUH*ET94PUIV$5J=#]\4


M 
A4[KD4(.LN*


Q@.BK/J*M2I_-1@+EP(@ZU0+,%X]6#?0$G7C6'E@DU2,0#-+@NO:8T!
M0!< HT?Y2H!\C-^$+PF$%(Z#^*M@2Y
J!V%NPU/R0F!VCNME5-KPMH'3D-1


%NSJ++MA[Q)/A_D_OQCG $!58(2:77$NWB
M[ 5!9(V

OHV-


G!VCD-,Y,=BUOG=-E\+



M3:UWL/%0U41LH)(%]4%








L0(IB!!!(,YZ%@.E76DQ)F28D8J;


 4R@ *


M(^I_\ :L$(B3(QJ$

ME!W64.
]

U('KMJN6A\(T0W:6


MD=GPW_&

MCLX#Q7[ _BY9A/.N-5T][FYWMPXJCT;.U+X8W[L:6H0FB2FA:X%1GXG^!^
M@+%VY+5A#2M@D:^R



MI'8$
#GN7U+F3@GB6@C_ -NP







M)JSG:5P&Q4MC+LER*P
I


M%FU446)_ ?*PR&(MZ82-7ZQ*GKX( -W234






BO
.20X6=2TLW((WD6HA4BK2!!3B@ \@O+FH
!]

M!J@QAUHPI2K)T-N3M)1

KHE
M=

M



DJ%
M@$(+BM(V1^I3+']!3CMH^@=QC8J0_N=A=01%7C.CM$JF(E ?
*-RQ%!J'
09
M(W&.^D*_ ?D)H$V8!%9

XBJ+A


MXB=^P.LV
%Y$M%['W.

-3G.4^P@&OYQ+
MH


M*$K#=6*X%%@GG4&ZF; /J#VY ;Y&GI
BZ=98HT!ARAT



LR(!!-]K3DT-T

.QQBF8T7C*9JH

M3K\K)&5XC8[&S/Y



MY6E\


M)&\Y)G*N;6GOLU3QQ &**E-W7&&T)'P8*FF=/K#0Y;D;K/.KUDD'.]R %(5$
)P5L.%-!*#:;B#;=$)5=K-B;^F@/




MO1=0C

M


@R%1T#&=M_T9[A#
M@(^[.
]D9$NXZ%G9W/I+6=V=J:JW6JG(Q=WF


#Q

MC5-ARD#()#IG;

UQP:L^Q
M'2[%RF7+?&U*QUI\@7%TBP::D(




M*\!_@WA8/6CK9Z_/CG.J&QI?8#W\OR
 1GA*8$AKB;UHC;^NUJJ(SB[0PNOR

M8!

#A79
HPWQY^KRSKA5@&14Z(*!QW(5Z58!MI XA'B@UP^)5


MF1.:@7/JT
95P\=AX[






%)2AASF&;-K 

?*V]1V2ARFA^

M45XW$)3#')(00Y@(UXPHWZDF^.O4CSB4CLB8J*+R&7Z9Y/[V:X@:ZK,CNG

K%=$H+V1=&)8
M) %DB*\M0O6 
UQ*RE;L0(7*7 ?O0H^!

M2)]$98#D'([H2X65JB@E50'N45;
&%A2:HB_<:#K(N74J^B&TXMAL:Q]1<9MFI6)H#3*PV


M($RYHY(X72Y<!$E;P2W!C2W'*#V\;)8 R/B^31ZZBG.<$S@4,A.AO*J=XXZR
MJWZM]J479.8O!]0S*Q$VI#0+-W-;[




!:X?0A8QBEI




)H _;EE@!;F.53
MO


B!V;'MMOK]
;GA& LZ=S6_W9.;BF
MI'V6)32KXYXYPJ&BKMH<1/@MPJ.3EPG =;FCX2TWBKEK!P/34TC1'K7'
M,6]X/3X3B9:;HK^-%$'8[#!<3^D(O*T520;/_@#7'H\ZH%56Z$7$KZG69JM


M2*KAUAC0@-\XM&15:.[Q-)Z-:B'2HH*IKEJTH';AUBP7+-+:O:=)V&E%D


M7/@7 86Q=@+'SN-&C-@U]#4.5TT3P7?Y:+PQ5!O;'F8+ZU.WG/SB[_786YQA


?02_@'XT 0 *&,*QYZAH\5.F3#)\Y2Y88=^D
;$33@B= -_+U0     : . .@_3

MP!JD9XK[IG%$^#^'QO4?C)7*ALWYMEWRK_O-1 :$X$Z^#0'KC6:!UVNI#VXE

M9Z U
I.2H/&KB^%HF6&#HL+M=4 S.;DA\6G)8@2\P%&:%:



0W96

'-B &&SCO^7810?EQ=/M\5@0O'G!/$


:5M-SK?^@T[\&_\  06$+M+B@-&&\@RKAICRPY$M



%



S?2J
MK#
@T[HW&^PP]!XN!@'0 8    !H - &@./H5E&DR)!.ED4:S)^#1!1:
M-.(3F'V[RRNK

MU2&WW
3@W%=I1-/[=B]



MEP-A'9IX%.6H<M[R$67%8+]#MW@Q/%$U??<O02A10*:DUI=HIF+%?S)V#

G:X#8/




M(#TEM


MZ@U





M6AL

BOX6**:


3Y&^\7 W

(!+3&+W_ $-3)GD3D8&\O,$R/XJ
MG^]@,0&:WLC2*Z)J9PA$*!I9;!YHK;Y%(%J[V&C2#7_ .15#%VN12!2E&4Y





/2CF$[!WHWR



M.N[=JLTJ;XT#*9YM(?7?2

EV


&EM <P!<
UIZ/MMC%NO*W
M*R%6].2\UZZTCL3$A]XUT8V::RQ/;@CH$0[YJ@R4MQG]7LBO^JM)1O:;SMTH




D4^#0.[LV*Z9MXFAP\\D@E[-2[:JVQ:6- -%IJ_(?H
M=-U@!8%:FR\#(1B*VJH7 9[T)$),TV5,+N[Z9-;0FSA';H ,';LVHP$2QD
M9&CO:K0




M\
71)!D-![


M
CY/UE4V$*


MY E NR &M
F15186C 9-:76)#1;K2





)7#;^6
^O=M:U3(R*-QXKAQ0V4@CS/:D-,\Q(8O7JM0A]F;[9ZHAMD55K%+;A

MQ5



+'#W

#5O2E\GA.


2;10S#YCO%95KV@!+#I[0E[QUO6%U&



BV

F


(D@7LL O]'$PDJ4O.\JP EJ0H)B T*\QI8; *[0W*CCCA+

HDA :H:!G):1^H!-#RC&-O\ !-.#
MG(H2'-/[D=$_HXEY&


MS%$W4I0
T'!D6
#B0 KC92]I.)+?K$O '$D2$


8*F*
5GQ
M06

P@#0!RZUM:_EV^_H
M1UJ'?E@O:F.C_P _C()JU#6@76?LLO\ @M?1OUCRXY?S^KT?F9Q^K-SY :[B


1
M02-P[38'@(Q.6GKH6@!ICT%'

M0 -







M_+5_)L\/4*=@@EZ]'VS1O!1HFO(CK7Y[F&I9H%.XWUM#K-HDTQ'C..L*@?


%L3QAZI

X$
M:&]@8@T#4($P4R:HPM+/#TU+#$


*VLJ5D_DN4NO*QZ76 R8T@(N:J$!G PV
M-@&:K;.RB1Q)W;TE*_1J!5. 1--J44D -)@(^3(B  ;QB&@T:2C7GK2/ @
M1V@^5IG*#D;/ASP\KZ(*
:

M'E$?













MKTTAAY[5/

;-LT




/I*#R:







@=CXH%+FV)& $ NO!8A+#T$]53^=9X3U7U



(!B-4
$\#$W![Q#*]E+K(
M3.!CKYJX-A0Z9K=DP?AI)J#
'9Z&B
(DD46P$+XV'E/(
X&N#.^3@@\44.W9



M .)N+;N)!.7)KW







M/
B;!LS7*3D%




!5#P&9P[TD$(FN#&A*3^ELV!W=%-[$&D6BODI4OM
X#J'G#M#IXC2JR(


R #PPMAJ


MNO4@\'&[VQY2K!1T@JCA@KA!LTA-TJ%$5_\ =


+&+H
MO=Q03HB0PY@-T+U5!6I(RCM)  6EV$@E((QSX8/D^[[#\^FL.'J4$MW9-:B;



.FW!-4.;V%!^%
MUBF6=' G8(?@
ER\FG6_ DBB.,YBASU.!QV:OD]FYK=WVG2!^P.%=:CH$
MQH\4/B0V*0\ILQ%*2G*@(=WN+*Y<98.[KM$%2C1<C C1*4D^[1^@E2RA
&-
M';=-5*$1_6ZK]1F%TU!;E&T)#$!D(SE[SAF[=#7?C?R*%-(\4YFC3[L
%F$M

V0*.!2X-F H++\3L=FK254G!$R I.7
M!PH8$8UG\W#AJ8;6)RK3ML*SZ*04A#4!G3-
%2EM%-DK


M;00



+MUF
MU8TP#4B6%U'?MJRO&(1MZW3_ +^

%#^!+BW89BN/

I;L
U


M(8/.F9]%X?K5V^0:H%Y(3K
 I]Y -6RJ1( PUN-244ZR!'NHF=8J(L.BG).@
M;6&R0V2]ZZ$'(.&HR/CSA



M:X


M _'@4.\D&F(/#( OEAJ
$?



9:'
M=

($0*@D4E2YT'G

M'_FP_P#+G])A_P7/[PS^LS^G_C/Z#/ZS/[3#Q?QG]IA_P7/5QZN/[#/[#/

_M
_K
?_ !X_^/'_ 


MM&U_D50*PF+J\ 6&2QI$9 Y O+6N;%JAT4:F*-(#E


97E=Q5V N+

D=D;/QM$C;R
PPAK 51\B11M&




U:K*$#A1T&LXB]G&W
M0JI-%:'79POPYKCT./903 I([









M(1\M5MF@+1&?[ZG
N'

\])!1_!0J9A6G
S-(]6E8?\
(A;K
M*XX=-Y=[+&^F


O'W)]
M(J^4V



M![%\H'M$YUT@S=!J5/CS:M!BJ.V .+3:/X=UIM]7/[W4II@*O\KIY .G @H=



M *U>@_*11\6>8AN2(WC0 Y]GT

MP=
**WZ)T9[I=
;D-=%:7Z!6*HR)!Y'JU5;%&V1JX1AI#HDHAA@VO][QKO
ML+CCIM#HW#R&ND@
6([X\^AL6E D? ?HC]W'#-;%]+:&*CV#T*UZS*I\[4DJ





[;398!(
M\;G; 
$J.YFRYI8?\N77S;0&D'P 7-U^30N.!:IA$-[_Z59/ R'/LN7R8?8
MWRXZED;2R0SD$52I)(6**8CN_RMEP9W

7X.Y7$^[3DX)CRDG-!$](?Y7_UY
?@R

]H4Z-SSY*F:@9E\A1;AB2D6P*'&/V&%VZJ=0H$ Y(]%$H
M+:Y55=I8@\[




@[Q;1
?AU3
AQO#0M@)YV^L!AYPVI




3WEGWO)]W7/S =60_0YD;AE2_9K8;W#(+';



3@;HBN!C*K)5'$4

M6GES@Z

0HN^C)NG![@30(S2H\X&PXBL95A@F:JA+E[NVC6O5YAP



1)+
M'

MV=9863L-\ _4.K\B#Y




M8YK@+;N-:

0TU



MT.2_I;]AMX?0ZL1Z**'*@DD?CA5HWB*Z)


S6-WGO*AH=FD=(MG= D
D]
7&QB*]H
M9.Y2T<H;\\!AE\)*5IFBY\=R@C*RJGH585C**=)HX=CT[0 X/;JI50Q?L@^
7T)OG/-F2.J*,G
M$N&J.(GN*D1RD0[_[XC6I=HJYD03I?W',IAY*;C[OO5JW?\0\&I8
].M]
M7)-




CZI[
M^V5%#/^?U8






M(H(Q?3@.SM8N4U=U640U%YC/ CX 
M2ZBTS4+OBYK(-=)O.[4$]# 25$R3V&


M)6WUS[





M8E);+I

@!H


+XGVJSX3]'
VI*-G]-VU B






J%4H*VPZYTP

MQF&0Y)LAJ!;GGYF[H4' UW  R











M82N

MME\

@\(O&8IPWFLF@V
O
O^ 4DS


#Q1PVNS^NI]<)_P)QN\[]DEU $6 F1_.^.@-2;
M?@[7N,U0WA*@G[?MFTT7DFILP*53F9\ C]%!0C3_#_P4ZG_4-K_FKE2\+]I
MH4JRV[5INW



7
M&](-\+YRK3GX[



FJ$N2;(





?1SC)B:A=+



06E?W???3(;*&9NK]36(O,
M[L\TN5R@YL=%&B)-$] CY9 Y!^EAW4.:4WV RS-6[%/R1X9H=&[2B8R%2QP


MD.4.B41&T60@X:1CK9)B0HD^T;5]_!2^%^&!/.G^G32M#2+#VAB,G=BJH
M#5S/G@\9E8Z:O\(EP846PZMM532$?5$)_E@! FS;:RN[B8*4&QN$WMM^^Y7

M_;1LS)Q_EZ%[/#T^$8X.UW;


L818Q8%\K




IM7%5K
L==^V6%T*E


M\NOP2'4=7K^-(X
)C2DG:




M7_]'M?_N[_W



2&K'CR0E'#\&U-@L7
M8)*VD ^5W5.P

GJQ,X'M-EG.3Z7?CXQ:4<7SS)7S;P\]0SESHV7
V3KL*
MVW&FA]Z*
MV?6_JV\&C(S/KJR%_U)N/KW8J=G9:
CNT/N:J5M2%2V'DG*7FV



NY]K_ZN?#]Y;





OX];XC:L(2'2L34A

@(54K
.G4M%XS


A#

M_*9P
UH'MH



EJF&91CJ5;
[HRW#WG/


*P R 6I#GP%U]R?K 8A?]Y16D1:SRQE


Q#*?_34E!][4*@PC
_7^ZY#J/A*^'E

;;)Z9\--^
M9W^49^N!@N?4P;

!WTUDT8F-8M
#-1
M812:


MK7V^2WY@FA=)W0[UV.K


FQ)F1
G'7:FF=/4K41)Z2XG\A-\





#&(IZL#=0S-2(U]LR(.?]F7W]EV3]5G4V(G:&]/4M)]9W;J;MML

M@*



MZB_J6SJ3;=]S?P* WU@T!4#+D*353AG%9UJ0//G@9

:REF6BW 5*6.LX6\819&*,7/(--?.$U?#D$HB-V
M$4J).P].<@&NK\ ]PUEM@\]12/<H[+YGI:7;IF5B::\#\HXT]2F )T-]R/[


MK-7F4D






M8

#M:0!B[5'!2IG/2M'S5M_'-\2V5^<BO;@U5MY6\\RS



4B.* X(]



MCIA!Z6Z^

KJZ;T5I?AB?+F^04U-

M_IA6!6E9A-BU;


MNNGLEL'6G[8]F;0

M%ZY.3MT.0YM#I!*7K[G8D4RM

%E66@_HO&.N.?.5X91:H!6/!R(GJ7(BH-M



0S-




E&







M6[V'QBUA^@JFF=FT0DT=]\VB_ G86I(YY&A2W_6_4$$(P91&$$)TY[9.@HI
M?PJZWD6;'2K84Z6JNORG7E%R2/ROWR$FLS8&;J=G:W1.VY41(P*BT*RW#:=



HCZ4C#

M2/.KT
HB6++2%5K!B^



W&-Z=8W
5RS-+I NSL3;@8=RAX4\!&

:JA)I[V
P9YX;S^\GZ6S
(SV(:Z5/]-9W



M=8*:7Y+JWJ;2)*H8C.5,I5%#Y9,\E# 4Q76@Q9=4+8&8LCBT;RP
L^N&(]

M1

MPV?E$/'HW+!Y&N*TR!^&)69B\
9+V0(1YINVDV7LC::12

=;8C(
MP!]ZOZ/U5U*_FM-;6?QE9S4*JS^@XL%1H$4K%JV3I4J@
2!D(9(0'_26M%(3


0/JY3(


6[!NAW_Y+B?)D12_



M5'4]T-'
\C3'Q#52*[F\1 [Z+750\
GL1V:%CUL+4

M;LEJH%9



M^$V?FD X
THZBQH$TL6T)-0NM?HT/4U*ZE7\ZO*^'IE(I\]O1RGYC#^U9!-8

MN(0)@9[:@5\6V*_&$PD'\O6B5=)+?A9T_(((;$5U,J8)V@=S_44:O R.B6
M0)O


[.]5\'9D%-$2K!




M!=

-DLXC$]RZGDA9+T,S*NKE?04\
M J7:-56H9+YG@5G?B: 0CQ (,CS_.NE3VOEHZWA,XW-.H9^6JY79J?Y<_X;



(EEW=*@572I4$$^#

MK4AS[]:]\2^@#9'5=@2:@\M%W FB


MQ3&9\&


M9
]B4AD+!L;B15KJQ

MUWFT !7XC#CXQ![030=[1OG@GPZE%M;E]EC35;+[R/)\EBL(@?1B1
DOWO

IN



71(\[7WE$+JM! .(8
6J6R&
M07S@0
ADW(2O:R;

M^7[#[)H[:;E*^2^(ZT[.MC

B





_0$I?0UJ!#R!&!

NRBDK
M6@?\T385W M0[OSW/.^0:?E#

=[\6$.

M
CE4\E($^^/88





+


MC.V]!2C.WOJS+BC)3D






M&3#/

#/(/N1+
CU!%)0+R4;H%#.%P+QQL!&
M7%[B-9R4

MJOMU!OHK%5@$M



O0
]Z6<'JII
M+)Q16S

M8@


MKC!#V9N;_QYS6)1G%U0!X*T F3'(9SQA]T.
_-!* MO'P*C &#K6F.GD7U9;


94R&FDA\%3QI0//' ZZJ]K
K\ID41@;H2
2J#7Z
M?\$WR2B(AW:]IL_D7_\GL6RA_+:_'AO5K'H[;ERW#9DK$AP**/X(7&BY58

I?&



J$8


M/WE/E +%L-&QJ_!V]3OS:$4#N;ZE7#2J3(K1Q(\6-,A!.SRWVU#A6G&[/1C
M:L/6&566;*!7;_W!A::PL4:79$$0GF$7?/Z#\!5J-R' ATJ=BU[='5!/ #
M;4LIG?UM-AL?BRA*(9%_(8I



MGP





SJBWC
!#)WU1K(5JA!(XRGQ\UB.X@2%=^PDH


NV+)R=R54\C;5:: ;UI_



XV(EBF






MU'@*%=$:9(9Y^=WD
88M?8

M
+W_7X:QR(61?GMT#


864V+ Q+K5D=.V2XD9P


MBH&]A2OFIU&YY.D  %!1CMXAQ
#WR.=HP\08Z$C5D8_%H[6G%08&'LBRI@D7

M7#LN$V+B3A+$:1WR\Q@_+)@+W





MSGFQB^?14@=P9H-WW#9TR979I86CWY6(:CV; ^5@L@.^*'AS%QX@I6G8

MHFA *BTQ0*X'RL6K^(/2UTTRXZIO/=JC:

2?R( (A^QZ=CX$TL;9$1FI8POL:PHA.






&+G+BY




A$<QHKN0

M.V/G'09*D25??_R9#&!^G.4X[+]0
1:Z@CQ\9=4K[QK[EW$L^YT

?GELC

M
*_R^#_9Y%
NJC0JM!

:


MV)D\U#8HW_JQQG

Y;5ZO[MQI=


\D6(90\UQS^ND)64DMDF)Y8/KAM-#IK63GU^%!$-A+U
M





XWUTLE7GLI*<X\K49L</4^
\



QG'=



4:H07
\%J8<T89HU<K5-4
M5$Q1P(@_C/RT JE'B3S]-9J8I_ D_D5U.+DOV9==O T92) W5I(F\% 5$TF



XEEKZ8J7](<1/ZHYP=R!HC2BEG8D7M;9-?MS5WUEJK8!%<@(
M5-E//B?-)UQ6^

MQ\3*-BV$\*GL#H.I'
&'SYP_MGH.SS?;:=2B=Y8?



M-28'AWZXR



@=_X41U1W^
M ('J$3]']2WYAV'*M!^9\\#3C6S^(
F04;I




 1(I

M/=--E[::AZOMD[F-]^,QQK'A(B[NWYW%D=11AF+N;BRE\ E6TN %L)K
M!,BNM8H&2+;


MV2!@5?Y&8
0AD(]J1!O2LQ%P\-
EH3&:P020@E3


2\=:U*:# :!8^



MLZQ_.=2'5H'+Z6%BWE


F
M#EZ$Y8MRU(N2Y[\/HO[+FN?'+.(?=[T-S^3JU9^,;D<[N<=KW+W+KG]M1O;


);WO-^^XKHSC :2=U^



M0^WQ[ODZ@V7CY7J[UX -1:A-
QC/B/:5M6@3I2


BN.GJ9^=2QDQ;FV/


K\5@@#!)T20*;6B@=OWT4['M%@SN'V10QN;KZZ[ I[



M/*'040*7\4]OG/09D#2EII \[_*B[+Z92G-*) C2C;)+16E:(5G09 'X

M@J2TLP8WQ;OFP\VM].;PPK'72$/.H5!R^.\1);R.#S^/?.5_WG4F 95N35=W








MG




$EI_3JRMK1



4


_TIV#S9G]CQ=_8;;ZDE
AU#Z


AWT#[JJ7S12





M(!D\'8
 P@</VUTY+''E;C^2 QK



4%UU QN#UG




^=)DH44R&+8!(ECT6#U9SJ

V$\))P'CL?F-CSRDBN








M$EQ$B1*KA_?.SC3?=/TY#S_W/3@[.SOY!VQ?_P!P3SE .FO=1EG2_/.'+(JN


D*!UY[LKHKG:TI3#4S\(/UF1:A[P-'8/Y










(-)1(40HSP6B]KUAJ+0
M*8JG$1EZ#

63H7_GSL.WSJ*22R<G'6LQ3P9FFN) ^'=V,?U!&K=;P21,4_<J=T:\
MXM#;C R:JS#+?H%\OV(MKQU/HYF5DPI2]DKO (-%E+VU(4'(GY8Q-WI(D



MW1*!C?4M%$84%F


;;


6_=N7K_4.M)?_0BC[#T
M(7-Z.FB]Z&NGZSZP



V!


 SX+@#\F90HB41\WL:B\9'*Z@;;(D4X)3Z+/E.D!4J4_0_(::6+


M2G'MJY=KD4)6?'BH



MD.29*^)H)^BZ[!2?*:I:BE0Z.JJN2!4!


W2PT)YX%N9QZ!T9+L.8:4HA-RY.C 8% K8 ]2NIIG

MX ;U36TXM
&A7]\7?H

HO7!!D&']O92]50H8
M#-DZ-B2FBK

M*8G\JD4E!PC%X!_DEW=KD 
A [F0KK=\;+P]6SD_#:UT^X,KJ'[\Q?:U08





MMZEC01.$7&\

L@FCO^+W
.5TVWGHRW_48)RTZN9 8-QD;I3D)NG3M


D$

O^5:NNB^1#1K!I\RA\(NNO.)7E
N

MIR%(F5B

D^XCU9J(-
MG#5//. [#YAK+
HN%:M@/1_IQI3F^RPVV 2WJ


MW#SXHEGBI/5?-:8D-:


MG=HQ3LY6 7.L'_QC6QE34
4AB97OZ7D8+0]S2]]Q)+3$S;ZFEAURO;3\T(3C


M[5?OCX74KJW5/)DVUS6ME]Q7C$:X%E)#0 4W*S5\N8 .*:77OXN*/%IWBBK6




(2;LG_$$!9F



:A8)X7O'Y -

'%8\94TK%Q9B%1_
M]&IOB_[S^4E;X*K!PM_S/



SM#[M)V

MP/[RWN!SRNPL4\


M&ME


OO]
M(ZABQP&]//8=&QAKIY-24PT:



LY/]V+$





M?9EC*






ME$6F-]PW?559&H.TMN#RBB%\:C(FF=JA*\@B+V96V-=JZ(7I[@O^F)+XRO]N

M
_7Q/#
 :-R0E_&ET;KKAI!T)XA2UZTL'FI6_'%=]K2=DT:7D^$\QPQFSX


N

+Y2V08


$IID%4+_9

MBB/4E\@GO!\7%^7_=(J\8M_Z



MCQ





TG6#Q$
ME!*9FJ



C2BA[%CWX@S1DA%]7H&TO



PG*@W(W


Y^9UCPQA2!_4ECXZ[64(T%J&?


FWEF984^%MN=9P0+R(L7D
MFH+BK[V:^)!H^@6VUR_KTI)D6Y<&$;*7+UM-2'V-LDCCK8=!QU:O,1%9IGL
MJT'E244VA@:R9$$RBDN-.R-



MI%H;S5J@Y8/LCC\!O2S1769*&!
H:8C=VV7)0F!^=$YL!NIX **0'SCB

RRMAXH17


M\2S[')52UL\*BA



M[7=I-4HT9S1&R/\)5A#YQ122C\0JX5JQH
9^AH2#6





M?L H['MO.Y@@@!,P&PI_IMH:WY@1$DFFJK5^$RWDVEOKS:0;[QA[2]U+)W
MC9&LW ?0O4MMN5B
V_
?S!M*ZV1*\\LP&CTUYCFY9$
Z/7BX[' C4?2:ON

M2W.J_2:Y*4_


9A[AD^\G?W1K


_4VKILOA1(
 *6$W4^7!:3WJ9+=US

MPK2&8OQ;BCV:

MM8

MD\/&1OP4A2[@_'

WCYS%BDD&K

M

M7YRV36\/EWP@&#R[=&BH?GAON#9#Y7FPO-M7M'5(#45/XV W('+ 7.2W56

MB


M_JW52J/#CK]
TL;3L'X3Z%H7[V6


J((8ZQ3(^V9V6
R)N00:!<34Z\0F89\P96TH
MTMI=WRI519 $(9%_P:@1-A:JSYV




SA26@ED*VV
M#*VUZ14T2+%OJI;&I#T;KCQSQI8$.D






L6[RDKBOI12.BS

_B9;LMD+28^9X']&I


)5YD
MLEM*1K1?*PW)&5N:M1FBS'+9YD!R!M%%M+0PFA6ARNE2/:6F?#:U:[T&1E6A


MN_ K)GNXAR.S.A8#UVCX+AJD6XCP9-#?
VP#E'+(N[$94LA8NET\$_&S?*2+





M8_@1DNYU\;SDNM++10$+(OCP8KMDM85N)H0'(?X9)9]=I&0 ^!/7GM F5V

4]FRBW$&)$(I388FPK\A\7(0R:8H)X@JH\@(J
M%VN&_M:NRU&SF[=&BMW
DPI+Y80?*N22$VLH[UP
/P4^P_ V/@MZ.KTX
W5
MAY/CPW)9M+F6)S6N/TW
BJU 6C#0Q/8E.HP3I4:6F*)KJ64B





I?30AR3U%KM'YBI:-C/SS^Y7'#Z4/U
M

Y


K9)\T9J?=0B^4IDXU



MC4GWQD9X?+



MD=42A/D\17MKB549Y#77K83VZG]K%CFXEFK-G:1=I\SJ]?OF$VY(^543'O)R


MA:CAWE55D=QU6O9I_WM5GK-_GQX$1:!]OUC#[_OPNEI
@AJ1++]0PAOCKA^_






M
M70(#49H?*IXTK&Z\B$J0P6J6118.[GQ==*I8W=_?\7GQQF8AJD=@
C+H_%QA
M^



D./3SE9;4&IGWS^[9F\GL^
M'W_(
7P0+:^Y+,16&]AI64*@ NRIPN/Q_6H#



M]49S$)LI-[09[^B;07+K

C
M^(Y;;VZ792H/0=CR3)DIJ!5GO:BOM'+


L\5U6C[(YHP9=U#-$J2R3*K.-/SIXOT-79*\!7G6I]\N-N42RB9O=



?)[\C(L^W_?&O)EP6^_;M:EZ(:SO:?3D[F\-ULU*K6

CH_X?P)YS/[



*4OE@Y/





M^U)&YS_@@NI_L[.$=S)F








MW)8H X.+G*\2 I)B
+2%MCZPWG0IK.+-@.8?3JD1!;^-(OJ^=@CP9J3] \()


 'LIY\QO2)H1(R61:
J



X@9E?SWA

VOL_*#S#M\H!-T %=+T*F=?]6


M]$4WM;LOE




C(\-Q ^'+$
M;%X?S. '?R


U


ULSP
P-P3 5T


3:0$*-&AF6
QGRQ
TZ)9=&U

=+

)$+)8BT4$#9P



HNB
M0JO
!VKYLCO9

MR$2%L






L




MNXG*_?+)

M.L_'Y]SBA#H+V6E]E

;-S

P9:0_9ZR&#AE8((%1
F6&.!/7$0YD

U&LWXGMR/!


P5*@G!Q:EB6P
T-26S/[?H_P!'
4!Q'2#$:V2JB<N.AIG%(Q:PA)X?5<M7^U



/A*-SP4A
M&)3 0[ 4L





XOLA6 !3BUK@L.4/*02RKB\HA*XFLHYO ^Z5-4BE(X^ %?$DB



^;A5WN7^_?N<






!/W6_8_;+

M@

N



6H*
%%!2C%C_)3

!%
H7M 9#.0P\8

)**]?8

?Y
2(\

M&VX
T

 /I')-
MD(\KOP
!S)FN[##;(@Z'O'*SE##&7S
:M(



+5':3Z#2$4% 9(U

MBBDBPI;E0
:\;8B
AHC0@-

M.$AL.&DPJ$BKST&#3







MMQ3-#K'D9XTW6N1NQ/4


#0D*-5

IG!QLD$%
D


MAE-S;2A!QO2;:HBREGXM5'@%.0M,CL/6%Q9//PC@05%K6QQ*WB881T*HB0
M
J\K6\
0PK_31C4O#DA&22HP

SA]&')#-1& '+]E@
MS
Y?0





M(




;
NBG$T$5PHV@@D

M)

]5XIGH^_G[\$@6@3=!/XWUP:Q: R7-<Y5P@9XTFZX
M5%XC1(00.88K:3B!5-7..!RF$ID-3(&^857Q&HK*Z@ ,J2(C_ )_GY^/_
M 




8%II[X5HC/9SO.R
MRR_1NE*W#&%/6$R]


1.Q+Q8$7
1-L(TR9;4*QXK64V]XE:X


$5H6-C)LC 4 3)GEM1H(P=-(/?2J]
M[8E8*#.J4P54(0.0(KB?J






)D+T#85I230E=9M
6O%KJ!%2K*8#(:R#%HX0.2+W^*F6JXEZ8)0

M(-  P=0:9-G



(D3Y]_/Z^?/YO\_Y^FOTO^M'Y]=_
MIO7%SJ M*'''$V@;A88

M3P&1@+A
/'[\1B@N5?]N/G[G%W+BS:IB_S_P\
M=(!EU:O4B!J433TL


GSWH9G8&
'136)+]&=\= 0282 (=L#LO(



AKC#@F0D3


0-ES


*D
M)0I$59E



OB2E@'M:2@QU$397%%T:7+EK:=GQ;B*XF8ZCH867


\6V*4$W3

)OD4#JIJ-'@$@Z$)!%X
=$MHN
MI1:A:H1$?5HT*

6D@!5($R^N(1@XY9C!Z#[YY.G&LF0N'34P

&OTTZ\:&_%^\[G(JX0#10%M'0(N'!*(@H0R-!5*1W1P
M








1K7/ON:


 
.C_Y
MS1!=3JA
!QT-\#-=BC05$Q,&29-BQQ

MGIQ(&HSK*1I.'QY8Y*

M


M. *
3RB4%O$1


05H9

J5 PD.%:VBPJ%PQ!FB&@PYIAU[_P!.].
.-XY%R\V=].P=_M8\.N N

M*(H)(

MM



(O)%P5V% !N4V; N2O#

3 M$ZDJ:\$:PP6:+N.+X@*D!15&UB98P*
MYYM
EE6U2FDS3




MI[B
%4(ANEH#!!CQEX74 RB2(5@00H[PP\GE'VS'J-)%AYXV/H*#=4B
9M


JC1$$1Q.I&8\ P9!

M3ZW?*AD1(LZVV&!K82&;;A::0&8/0L6\$
.C'LV(22Z([=(ER$RS/Q9X7LW]




M8E[2O1)L8\ ;119]BALIUAQ);!N=0,2LA++=W/1%SF#C!50!^5N0*,3T/.
MU@$5Y;F* 4BIY.S




R%N2
)
M
@XG1 )2V@ :V#%/


0
X!8*^^6#A




M&*S2D@H3Q
*BN!*TKGK-%K

BH'D Y.F.ZM[2 6 0) !^NC\/\?_ .T7#
8;

M0:




MV75HI%#Y.L


M!


EK4[7LK-&T0QYWABH^F $#!D9V9Q9C-_6=5I4S$7'[0N @L J^


/(#(&)<;0Q3EM+AH#P'A&FA@!+PJ-J) ODD44TDH!.03@)9&@9$Y2
MA:3$'%OM#M6%&3!GM!R



M M1 :N^UO*[BT*
GU(#;5('%$T(
 R$0*MT@YX]HK8KD(I)TF2=\'2(8

]1$R!H & L
3)IJ3
M$KVZ@)48

M


M
.45 A8*EA%UA
8@A#A

Z6NX*UQA(FZ/*ZF*!T^V




L0*CPZ#9'59HD6*&%RCA0
MY


O2=(Q+NRFG


MICQ,EN_'4=!O((W!2BRZR'63@C@D%:6+W+@9&[C\HPLH&N*1&'-0W-QB,\Q
M6&S$IEUQP4P8@+

@)-33L4W*V24;:$ 9?$0-JIG
J$

5@?2SBBQJ+O9K#VJ8@5M81 J(.3-M
IJ^V$
.*3@'A@7*5$
^90$0JI%P#!6-CNG
X
1%XD(=2
SJ15;V5

M)A4(CEYQ4*BBH#_! /Z;\
I;\W67K-]\2/\ 'Q_7#B^]9ZD];-E['B3#HAK4
M_PO-3KZ^][QU_1Q?;H
==%A[SOBJ%641H32-(ZB9
%




KQ2.%I3]Z N%
MT%8X#:1*U+



MZ!5;4Z1-FT28AB! !8+

M._V^O]_GYW[]?I^?GV_1 GM_#_SZEO_ /*R%A#E2YH0!@J*.%J[8%:9BVA


7M\WB%$CSO6Z7]28EV.%ESJ*5)Z56YZC1' E52K4!['8QW
;6]
M[JHS&(VN/5.4W@&0D!M1J8(9$:;S23CL&J.=,J7K1P^-D1(.[4-.CT$.

IQN*.M% :3'(7JU$#Z0PO9,3/MG

(RV
@O*RUR29)12
MXX*P+V5XD(3TP%9H#)NOF37!DP1!0^B!%W=!*P-ZU4I&:&
F]5KO@ _4+$
MSH


M4

E7^






MT0H9ZVAA





15I
6

M4-5%

5C+F<[I



MZWH
MA(ZD389/2J\_#






.!L$43Z)YI
M3S*D

X/Z4/YLI#\?G9?#]ZNL:

M-E:W+JT&9GW9M)Q

M:SOMAFE OF904/

MGS\\U_FLY1F2J'BQX=L-OYBA%Z-4TY2APCJG)%XMR?//B*Z+TH5XLX+#%T
0
M0^/X


M?W[\DOOMS0^.RQFSKU]\'S#A*'M C!J\O[X[8J*^WBGW[FB6_/)QXGOOX.6.

CG'+V$MQ5L^3]-$P-D%IDD0B:!8D?N:]OERJ'_ #/I
M\FR9K?6H.5%*J'


MR:)ZE28W/RHXRE54?HG!Y5 FQFQOYZ*T4HWBFUIN3JDI6E)OYWPRX6D-.CS8
M-FW_543-P;[=^)$@K8.A=G2/O!-4]EF3%1^+&A/KP5:EKF2-TGG=#S.\H_CU


M%(8[_)815

P



DJ;0NS$?TJS_

M*IH@4XI?P'

NIBAHY_8 H-L )HX62G?U
M$+#L;=B@-H0V4WE@* =)3#KBC*U:4NFAQ-W5N(2J/S:J!HD5
D+4A& -IA/



M
JXKBS]J;!QDP'XC

O#^3.34I



0'O@O6^GI&/
M=@[!RK=KM3 0$=N*?V%UK8
\AOF.1XZ/\$]T)DYPF7


7!\)A'<OZ$6;,
MS^' _'H<&P7.

MR=Q)-;5VG[7'H1?RS4ACL\;S@[9#?K@XO7
7 F4SYE2L^A8TK=WTW8DL\K
E

:I
M^7:*^VD%JUW#NIH7)E=J)?W6!HDHT7^(86(J3-KE/@^L*]*@*$ZIZ?V
;=^G

^&;\9G/BC_H62?)6VCK+4;O)'THUUQWOJ5U[ONC&=/P'#S)!

/B@F5$_FV(7F7X:J;(.AK=[ @T6RIQ&%
Y
!@-/Y.AGMKN=

J=DLW:VPX:84DK]:D#&MW%:-6





 S%K]XA*K1


M\[
65E]#QP7IDH(PXF%2H#PWCPKUZ=E*R7W&GBF3);N5@
;\WZ;]%'DP#@LC

S]4#-C\/Z(NYSG7GI

:-]'(/1SW0R-T=77

M
%F6NR*6

M%VU;T=3X@
:3UWKC#X(S=@4!$8X]R0S





;']
M]Q6KQ,AMH0;%+HH]RE^55HSIV.&-D1W;546M82I_=S*'Z8!IZ:H;W
([\0



'QVM5J/QE



MV8OSBU_QJKJ

NMVM+_Q%4P(%@XO'PY'M
MHAIV9Q)4+"Z?BOX@5%'CDUW

W:AC


MBFC6N#TC@S'Z(/]:BFAKUVPKILMT.]9L*E@(Q(OLV$*%Q%;1MB32[&GD^)K
MF9QD=4S#C0E(S4P+G+-)(O/KPBBN*N2TO?B?RH W=3J3@#4 = $E6Y@I(5H


M38:%


Z.


)R2_3*OZQ=X8 19Q?8;_0YKV
ZYW47B_%5A/4W&
MOC_ +=G+C'NMP7X62'GB;L7.GS+V*V_^)Q.VMNO^(7GOCVFQAL:I1ZUFCD$K
M&GLT]Q\DE[^R3QQDL'D%W4I''U] 5ARK0WY_PY0/4^Q$64IK]-C*O=^]K7
MPFB4P#JAV:-X_2$^E*C'VJ



MW6GZJ


:LS&#C#-Y2)*'



8:=X&[
=FVO







M


WA0JJL

MY]S@





M/)28CKYQP (;;%5H=#WL9]%UD.(T=YC XX:
MP8TU9\MQ#/4MHI/W+I3%D@58]A[ Z)&KG\/NQ*G:)FG(U

M471_ZXV:N5]K\
E

APS^TQ]F4GJ7M?BA2=5UU8V*4
H/CG0KLVO3PB:JM74

M6
^M.=F2=O
?\&*-YV/?SM^@?\!H;S9ION2PF6?[JW?AW6PO#;8HL?E=LA



MDRF*'@#G$$ICWS[#27HF3YH0_D_?4 *SG%96HPQ?;0?[= ;+G6A:HH%W0J
6'DI_Y_MN25$:PJ@/5\ A%_4I$5N,.V0MQ)63K<0V*@:Q.8'9& 9

M@XY\UP447'2@T]3P7V0
M7UU*E


A
]WH:[Y6TJSRJW**H1F'2E0D
MC7B!.0'/OKL)QKU
EJ]AM8$4]I!PQDDIDN.:J
Z-CXC7
J#[L:![WGA9)!1
M@

CF70M)GT );B!OU^54A_2-].O!1OC K#$506WLF*4W06;A=
M:UHMUE#K\KO!^O9B?=Y.R7!Y(


MLG1#BB

6*


4@YQ2I
MA7)!2S$(:L=T5_(3]1\DDL+ER=Y0&YI,SU $@E%GY^H\Y!Y4?VSG_2[7_1


M %Y_%A
MS=[_T.






MA KVFRTW3&0M
QZRN
P1C^\6
MX?6&J@VO0XA


R5;W3#X8K=.+4J/JJ7O^/V$\MNRR/A[73CM)ZP2&;0R




MMBZNWO&






7\[:8[RRL I&JO*PB/;$D81TY/FX;;]_
2
O'RQ!R

64BM=I3UZU:MN
?0)+:[N9
Z$]DGPQ8MAF)9;POUFH
E


TG'AW(E2DMZT&T4L!ME/KZF&:SPDN(%08)N)E(





[2B2NL0
%;)2-A

M071#8:][*?1





M?
.FX)V'WGS(Z.31J #


['XCG21E)_P5







^



+/J_[3)W(7



M9Y6)6YA)K8$5POR8V@?[3$*]5;R+D *8FG0#Z34\Y!;A==6^H&]\_DHQX:0-

':52L-OALPGM(
MEL..E3![LLF]N=5UTR+BC\.

M(X%;9N@N$[Q?@-+ZC$(O_B




M!:6&SY;LS TX)IRX

M/JY/PBA)TKB:;CJJ([#7EQ3!/Q;M

83WR
MXID^YSY[$I5^)^:BLA]+;?'P$=P[N6BB-%6P%/VF/I2H0O_08:^ARBR]#7CU
MJGF

MMM@&VM=7?L\
Q)L(U_!U^1)IFNKI3RQ&NBS.

J

MQ^3[!_2)7TKN;=XSO/=:/?^V?OVCZB\]^K
^T_0;!]

M;:Q/*/ZG0

MV
?



LX;A_?DR0G


M/W)A

M?7U\3;S%O -L\#?T2NAKYZ__I$
H8]?ZYYQ9PU#O=4\[YWHY


X]XZT#GY=



+
ML*TOD8MO''Y9P:HS0$@/@6310-E&G?)Q-BWGM[^M_A8X'G0M9=Q)XY0PCYY_

M
^\@FIUH6@:Y\_$_NS:2@4)

.F+;*H )Q=5W LJR\@FZ5^I5.^

XX-V+6M4G^S4


3:$V6XPL+Z$*-](;



OE
M3U!WO&X7F]PXGTL=E\UK5M #=9_+X;O^_01F7U:*YGX^7(+?OV- +C 8#HN
MS\,:8B20E558!LUB/*L.TC^_2


M=H6A 4O4JWYEBG@$A






M@_TVE@?W1'9JB(W^TU__Q

7_3PX_[BTK5?&0.
M$VUPG':]-B[]0;J7FSY&MMMG#C+6X'+[%'3]=D5R:J91L]W
V59QFD9MGDP.



$YY!?[EN^

LI^T9??CKN\; TJGN:YR#RUU___HXY
M-L4[ZP\I-6.GE)L+=)/**5J1-X-7;\TDW!YX
8[^?C]%*'M6C-=M:8@QJDSC



MB.

M#2C%
=L@

:CJ)@NO P(2W6UK7EHT$MD((
M9$7Y[YKK3U 6BC







L;/+4I^M*B)-B@_/?B##7KTZ


HRO&D



J^+VP2=7



&1%:S9+

3S.)97161]^




M&!T%#'2EXXZWU/.W]W6!ZZ #2/VG=['C!-JO':KJ0P]?\Z7
ZR]IL7W/$_
M;U;:I)QNQKV8[





E&.IN^7$\
M8#;%FH4^'\4IL';PY];JC[W_


-?58(XUCW93(4]%:]6RN=''B7/R



M3/$^[_XG.


PH!Q< 'QOFQG5=M$7OJ)




E)JM(%$'7 T
E3%+29V'S2



M^3Q@
PY$/A=0Y.P%I:?Q;%31M:G@;R@9 _F/'Y&W/ZY 'W)&%S@;WRLUSKTN
M#0NZ3%\_$/@HT-GAQ)B-=3HY-7G9S6%EG7F=V3R\N1]FUFS?3*EBA+P83W/I








B:FJ





MO!(D&A!6VA_=^L^\1FJI-SQ)PU^Y9
9B\G?%JG^X #YB2)+;9$/0.
1!NK7T
M5VC**T#XPA6&*U\N 
!%@


I46H*G^G^;/Q:E6?







MP;



85L[*Z!C
8F#SA/_VFW'?Q7(+2M

$
^ZG(P@@L_]RDV
MWK9(

?

UU6
[DPTA/R10JG1C

M






M$96.$C =K2T$







M2Y,['G?-T$,Z KOR.&(C9R.K[(9'/EMZI'=D0^ZD#51_
3S7WF;'QO6.Z*

X#[\
3=G3E7

MOCY'HW


:[SU^<9



K.#E^)5V


M;:%'B9Z.A%
;QZK22N0R8
3\'8]JA@#.)&'





Z':S@
K\L+=U!6)G7=Y7_G[*U-G*=6H:Q__<AWO4&%J40A[PC52


M5)KSZ3..D\LR O@JZ[_C998%L;B]G^]N-P2[PT


_A(2ABE[WUX8H?-\=^]L-VRWM/T
MN  Z5#HMR;-':L'A1LJJQ%D[EY-&U7A5HOW0!9 WQ$N;3



3L4_A:0S8W3U3


MKFR*$&-



ME'3]\5H6A0$ =
E'Y_OSHZS43\=#@%OX)B*$


9X4.&^N^0







GW!=N$8PVBJ+N0):RLLV84Y(8



V'G&


_CI





_D1OSN72UPQ_P%B)
M?1#]F=)8?XYKU]^



WO4N$_

MTA@ZD*QF^Z:AF1



M824&Z4]0^/XH\6%WI(8?
4[5! SX:5EPUQCSS:VH)]N
:F\XIPBUEIB&=@



B'']N?=)RW!'__-^E[MS18]Y$GL&9FC /RTQU8\;&QH4'
M3'?U;M 0('F))J]=%**R0MMG
X*8+[_
0*T51
U1L[ G(\IO'[CGE+K&0_T*



U% _I)T)B#FW\7@6BX \,YKY82NN?^1Z0:-CLT4_8%
MH


M
-T&.
O+KSA?*BQ F(BLN W=^/

T'
M\8Z)EJ

_J%]F&4@!G9[X8IH
MHBAWMUU;U)8\[5:R]XB+S-2*4I 'NZE?'/B'O+1Y3\/
6M)4Y-
R(W!F3$]!






(O2SZM757F&=Q)(
?16$UX^UQS=U
MZUBHBB]=
WRZG!F6.;L4

M^%





MKV
)C9#*TR?HJRHEP]?2I*WUT*8:17D53+#+/P4^]U1I_UK9^?Q
@6]
A/YY

M@X
R_Z@NX'%@U7V(B
8GMVPVTZO*DMG4A
#+P^
$\



?0?SN2^F*340!Z9  OS0-TN]:PVPYJ!.R




M0B=XU9VICRU\+'/ZQ=:A'


MY=




M%7K76&
KCCVGZP&B!


M8$?X
+7CBI!I)=3J(
-'8!-7'+



 &XDCAC4;5\F_\ZM *
M+SQ_

MJN
RF\


)VIM&

M7[P





M6T3'RH
1X!!V!+



M2

G1_B3\(LS[9  %4W\;3EX]5!W4V9T.VD!CSS
M&!U5F3
-C]
 



U-IR8KI5KL17:?-]8/D-#

4ADA*23*Z['-UQ=/%Q9'__3;2 =6G-/DU


M_67RP='J-N7

'\Z/

:WUUCG!*+\I
M?MC;[L\9/='N6.K7S%K


O5P'BU4


6









_7


_E+7X*90M
M%(2'*JVVR5]SW0W+\-#0PQ2*PD-2O?GUG%MFUUGX5\_AS9\/C3@7FV8F'AW




#4(DK\TDVDZ*D*1

0(O]*ZE6Y

4[/*F


9-7B

.3:U
M$9'3XQ/
RG
C?T6#*N.P3A(SV
P+LCP'.6!

M4P



MD6-;1)2\8

/XPH?;I4XFIB;A?^J:P1
MG: U9=817A%E;:QNO-SC[D7' \KLV]#/YF@H;OZ7$(G^\1RL?QBX<D0KJ)U

@Q8V)D-4&5 ZC\F


];O T$7


M_BM44I(/OC[+/ OKV=DZ]PZ_?TF8NSXXZ+@!;'=N%RA]/PB6_8?1!U?7ON$*
M!V
7U^Z$CJ-U0GC!=?AD;
3YXN8_#!9:K^V_Z POU$S]?+2E.%&4HGFU4'T#



6P8VVQ-?-Z.L( C1!VT


MV.ZKIF&4;49[R5-C ?B'$06 *8029)B;B)R]18SWA:K6QIN(9ZPA]8@*=4 T

M(GQTXLCOV57RY QL5;GV.-56U93A6S@



MRONCTS91=IN*NI/


V:&G?Q2&NEWS&@M]BTDICN&J'T=T@9HC5X%5[I2QGVQ$%+!3JX@




MR^[F]4X(NJJRO\53

M\[YZ(04;((J3GN+8FS$RI?=/)'Y%ZU=Z. )2[0;TV;,QJ7J7C\:7F2F+!
ML6;500M.^_9\.Y=G\QI@+Y]TJA&36$R4B


JW;C)E00:II1D^1


M0W8I+8(:4I56PE$4\ZPQUQS/ZX[+@+71
3WZ_.SL[WZI'1M

M/U



MH)OFEM[)PT%GISHPZ!2K]8..F&(!&4^[.JL*E)AP6D&=QA4&CF!A(H#052
MJ'I38F4/4%-$L[^!WK&7_@O9# YPQIY/
L.'N5+[WWG?12)/2X-Y57 6U:00$J3LZOKD\TY'



]^;\+J4
JX2)K%CVM




M' )#'=\BY3)15&-%#444$;/DSJF/;M


MWMEJBVNNK:G3[+=_:V97ER6P?JBQTS;]DWP4LE





MWU+P^(KDF:1T[4;$7/+:
.-_S87;L1#)AV5ZMOP947=GMX9^-?@^M5L(0':1
MWHMS2V$DL]IGNSY8CE=TMP58*Y$))B.7P2&+%-%OR/)%NND:.5*#(S$+\%

/JH9W'_H1-B


=2+P5_(.D9%+6L.1N)(LG20*F1$

'0TMLZ


M2_70=:$LNU81.M1WO_^&48NG*KB@J&I
*C6I#*[%B
Z?@U0H-*^3VUTA

%@S^9'GFJQHM&W5PQ.078[8JD-



M]@0OA1P[N0


O@G
M/S\Z#$4]1R+OX'V:DIF$ZO_FR(2S2I4S8
E)!P&@]Q]9W0NFO
/U'SPSHT@E
M- %3K6?K%A5##:R


+$FJ&?





MQ9GP8R0^#:IE1ZP=^V(D
5^R$%7LN

M\:YK)FFF$?^4W]#+ECH&F6*[A#C0\*TKHD/!
_LM+9)^4_AG@=VTXI_4K!LT
M\5 _6QR+N,+]#.UE&$Q$?Q'XNYRKE)F#$_5UVIMJL/I]LOQ9$P2J 2[8NP


$7-0AG
L YH
M?Y ?#2))B?T-A\]!=E5K%4B)K 1D/#V7/[M[@F!]UJR9]E/L$A?GEQTU:7N0


M(&RLU34\*I(U/\,C[$9J4:CX5(;R&%H%3*QD?.;$TF'RGP0)P.)#U%!6]A
MB$E[\4O
1-7QR-:8*DJ6Q?=.#=HS.J0



\/



M


;/$I6]TM=\@2S:3U4
_]]!2:$PG\X8\T2^0W1#Q
M$0!_:*A
O
1Z7T)-


Z2/G^[2K.#SI66WCV1F6.WD,&&V/[2&
M?CJVI%#2A,\0F<D]1TF(0T/]Y#O+I2


S5K:88?KD4+?;BC&U/5\C@]





 *EVAM3?J5#





S $M^\+BF=A: .DU1
MH-.G[H;;JZ_E


M__A1A+S]IJ6K4 8C#4Z](?0_T12D8_QL@F:P0.-@AH1V-$MF#BX]!L\;/ZN
M2DT0OFVM;_PC[C0*B:OB'?F^Y*5]Q#;S+646==I
P]9
R
Q/2KHI5DKN7A6
MZ8XJHR_J


/PN
-CROM#.TUAK?1R0




CZ-B/))B




M:]FNC1,=,89)!#%1?Z%TA.),,%FOEUZD$3Z)E=5&E(B2=8^1?DW@,.HR7#Y
ME([C$KA=8\^;]$&X6.8NZ^HRJ
F#4Q




9LX*EJ
#. KT48NKL705KK
MVUL
)Z&G DE9J)D1UT%V-4E &&)1)JP#H]5O-J;A)AB6EL%?#\G( G(PGJZX
M10S@2
[)$@*\?$0JY



MVE_28&A5XV3SQ+6]PZC*;
IS%AN1[!Y+QA5]Z#X64T(L;8
RGTT
-F[55*
MWD3V)%JT=S. ^EHHMV8*.[$3LK4?1%/C:;2$6&R5GT0Z0:-]_VAM3FOQL(.Q
M





/^#2!O
N

M/@JKNC
VP8GY9SF04D1+*+\X/I4'(=#,LK+IQT&G:[P%=C4UX/BCXY7Q=?
MA6*UFU5K1]_36\Y3?2N39I]/5#:N_K?_SN$CK-#_T*DN+E^0W0].D&LW@
MOC@C#/&#2VC5)V)Y'2C'&VB*RUF0IT2;+8NAWA15N;Z,+JV(@,^6TK&)[]9





M.:N$WQBRQEN0=45$QLW&V^3EZ(]GVJ_B)'5:\(AB*?DS8;+&!V^ #6EH[6/7

QEA*2*C(+Z5FR=U5NP[)5$JL


M(IWY(\6EP?H6\;M1$,OO1)'Q?^S#)(P($)]6=-Z#7AJ4=2?]$ YXUBR84@*
M1DM,$(+1.B(BR6P#3P-WG9KUFE)AF1:O\5MQI QZX$ /C2LU]')@J%WU')6L
MDF4A\P+M@U\S!O2?DD4QI\]$=3WZF?E$HLJ@(-5@;?W\9/WDJNT^7KPTIMT

S'W8C17Z\FV+#&!7I#NP2TGQ@3UVW[S


MOUVR!M:&F


'R9LU?7_F&J


M*MF%;TST^?Q@39K2TH]6/@WINK#





5\M50
MUB?
%(=*UG: 9_U[5:0W2T7/0'_88LSL2DM^R=NO%P:L8Z.K1MM+!GJ#WF



M?M^NBTAXR2T4UH!D]F6
(/XC


6

MPU3]6O[2T0#H$VQ=]+]L



7=BC)!5I


M([R_;;:-O).+O36EEG9 Y'34/3V?C_D

MSOO@X&093@[G.1](C6V4E4*S2&A
N_J%*DC(-(.4MS$38T/!YYZN
0^O;X#4

MW])Y

M5TBEX\

WR=!7A5[B%R5M


C&

M)3


M4[$L-?HZ:.)R/(3;?
)VBC _/O?JQ_K!R%7(R2&A37#X9 AZ/'I;8#$A\66
MRCO4@Z4.C T&#9Q?475V7,*MS1D066_9O[L&-1)'J'HL/1PN-WFPU)AV:)-
MX++_K)J%K6V4#/Y79*GTT4]O.J;-?@C#:G&!R(I



MW$#6%*^ 
]*_T[H]

M2\7%L1E6I]VV7/+'9V)'8A
IO[K_*!S
+YWQ?\5/
!5ZUSNK_^UJE@CQAP3O



1O3)*)F[XNB#P\1Z5=A!CC-;GH)/D/YT
MI!U_=I=(CON;3X_(R&%-&I+ RJD-^E9!!IZSB\3



GRD^\ DMLE%M


[3[
MZNY@./:SXQ+:T1%N3/S0Q#$4FX83FHK2$9$IMN);]8+6.2JC=%@@^55LAB^R
M1I8#Q0Y[ERL[$T'&2A0TZ2;.Y9)Y+J#U\7#6LLIK!=1+J)^DZ ;:/Z\P%I_
MZ3OP M^S.

MRNW4C] 5ZZ0N7TD2_C)UX)\48U3CVE:H*2
P4]/JXY!VW:F$:9=3EIE\^W

MXN!QP^)B#H&KJ!#MGNV^OOHA:+%T;JLHDKTGI#M(]BHX?$F3*V


ZC8/)\TE


H@&305

695DVVWONCR/K5FUU%


M&P NK[&4[CM/&:6I5$GW27@F3X.D/=3^Z\EY=;?[[O'U?R?7X:N*MO-7W@=*
M2HMGRCN;[!?CFA'72HOO?_[%NP!61CU24](QV5846%W^.?I/CT 76]_ZS$


M;\

M/OQ/




M]. &:#O8NG[B7M2V-W<#
)0HR.P[.)!M:!IH&3)3JHHYP?(
M)K0:B(=K6LGS


[PLTU



M^J






5ZNK\'K!?D5T4X1\[:'
MH@%A-P[  *@8@-&


$PS-V_*H G/_*L<H&;Y0=.7Y1

M'];&]W_R+=Q!*\.HFH@)0W])JHQC@W^^MI949\(=WFT= Q36@XJ\^'#\C?P9




M'Y7W1O/JZ8C5589UJ



-FS%I_J6O2O:/Y-7S4.U6J[F






M?4\PLAQ\6


%\C95'TEF&]QT%XCK2CD5DC$*!Y,0V\/S6XS!

8--

M0/$[Z(





/H2

\?8I;ZMIQ
.'Z
MY/%8O73=4+ZT94WZ;1$10

M-)934#9#+!_0C3-

&8E@V^2JYT=
M8ERQUEU65=*..NSP87';&P):60N\V9W1-
=4Z(UUWO

ES@;J@ 7102G38P^1RUW
MO4R\ =0&(R%?'V%&5U:B;YX-'BY'6%8%WQAY(W[\+.[(7[=Z71)$= O7KH]?
MRX


E@M
$YJRF!%VM:+!&CP2G5




%

)-7YHVF;OC1-=4
MO2Q@!95^WRLD0
Y!*W4[=H+A+V&
J[279=].1OG5@PN:$D(.$*0*+-17J1











M-ZQWW5NY+2HG* QM;GU*7X$*9_H:BS9T[L;R[Z=8Z3*PF,GKDZ+MLOED&%'
MS2MAWJYG7!@(Q^!*7^HU)G-60N
BZQ=$6RC#'&/UY\G$B*
KQX;2$%\-:.Y
MDM)AES
LS:@?ON3H#?F^*J%5@Y&\J(O$+&4R6'QLM=1 +!Q&=VY-3S.]9ZV\





M

MC:2OV0_/EGW





5+^6
FGFJY.!


(H1VR+N3X1LN-,MDUZ']'6H2-K1[AY.#Z;Q07\#%(8FI
MT$HB@1Q)\ YI,J'-OF',!&2*;$$?X?




MW/



0CIU7Z1
!]2;G_Z_M%\=RV;
M?T G65UQ]O0J]?POC+  \1G)=:\UK



MR*A$)_1_5 ?TV^?C(


U^- J;

M^D%:#J)D] 3YYA=[ 5/HP*ZP7TGX$VL'D!4=RL5@2=')%3RMNO.?/6%K ZFC
MPB30&:17L@)8C_3.N.29A0]K2_]



MN((&)]81J6XHZ11!(8 K2R&7+].PF%3.P;JIPGL1AW53!D-'(#%P(;L162O7

M9

-D47:%0T:P\U_(Z:DWJ





^K.N8;7_:X4??=SZUV8@T_\
M-:ZP#DL=6$EH1[B)L=K:\?6^7RFFJF


Y[?Q_@?S#W=_A,NW/)27'KQ

AM85[9/I[$-KW_
MZ$ VF1B=(



MW $
3AKS
Q917R


#@C=Z





7T*E1C[@:-%[#@E?2)!]

0G9'H+#*H_W5330C9


M\]FR9ANGS77:E=/;CXCU;Z4_8J&^4'PRLXU+RV2%(7JLXH\7OP8X_@M2B2
MU###(.H3K.
;KB@*7$FU$*=N24BKCSF;V?:XGY[Q [M;(&&S^F6M45ITL@
M.WWM2N 2V]AP$$^[CM)


M5



M4


M;HSD$Q(4TG%_&V-Q$B-51VI7E6[Y;68K?T@^V%!M7F77OQ2!$&FH=&_A:^




&;93'14

MJ#9 -Q8AM/
HD;;K,&WHT=9Q?2]QL[7/1E]:9^$BG2Y#42!0NGGAV;M;4[
M$50)?%U9$






M7RR9
Y*?YC=DQH2V25N!5B_+BBGJ#CY-B\^?''84-E4WU#&TSXZ=NZVO9*Y9
L8U'


@1X[;CXQ
YRZMC-RVV?P'J%W.CO^AO_XG]L=
M_SN'U_H'_





59GE


^M=

MCNQT1=;;4#LXHS4CYJV620;8X0V 



MN&^6=7/N$-*=@\N;51Y%CZU--(N?#@KWU2C2SM5ZC#I9)4WP7Q3E(S4HH?

VIG

C



3OKVSY=(\D
Y-

MH2WM(9MS&&KP#]C[??




ANRNYX_FYC.G\M[$+.M/RWB[--U6]X8*Z9(
M#L]LB;SU3&-:?OP


EFC 3

@T!1T!3OF,QV^I6MZ5$Z
M9(\P'-77K'2YQ]XX3)U699X.!]]-%9*?!'S1!6,1BJ;+#!*)@DBB]H.S6;1

G1?7A=_8;EW_GJHF+*IA1?UO%_/^/@B1;P%




M_*B[_'=O17E[3V EASP:_R1\.





M890PIG8J:6W=L_^IPPV.1ZG

MF5LDN9
M--:L*RC^GA8$Q=J$[-)NPOAZO]0FL=-E6D=S$*[4(J=:9A+\LZ^B


^(A@'D3&!]R[NU:/[J@(++5XG[= 11/VU4_!:\]]@ST*9








B_89X

MF_
N)3M( :

%I2H8$3HT)/[F5JT-5VEH9Z%]S 2\I
NE

M#^?
=5 =P-J[ZC$^5+&%O1N&!\/Y4

M
945]W^D

M!QHN)$V

4T[;E+Y[4J0MXWFS;OH)9@]&7UN5(
M/J/
PW?/OXILO(C_O5(6=V/CUVS KY5;/_X!S[\<[+VX<N7@5YODG]]Q
M?OY&:T=OCWB9[#P_,_\HC@=XPG'&B9NF/!D.C6)T*5Q.+II'E?J06.NJM?

:TUI3AR]/;@0FM.M\DHO6[)+


90/K^E+#7I [PU?3O]1.:?2ICU16
NEO8KK\@]/



PJYA)VRZK&$H

URE25(\
M@8T+-=7V?+?(PDS^'JQ0S#N.%U7W&(O@NRMV[S?210::O\;.;%ZY?-\I()X

MDG[*)!\:1O&5W(SS'=G]LF8#7]ZR
T6#JT)%!Q\0U3WU!

0#915TK&48\
H'!A!-BF1PWJ[R@%9)VW!G^7K


_7

;G\ \6NY=@#RC\Q=$9@QK)0U]


);4%4!!0B* 3RQ:


MYW7IEC[)DO1++]D89+

\YK^?52F7O.WAK
MR@^4+H):8DQ2?\-\WTRF8;:ME!0FKC^8K.0TD0RMVT Q#*CZYPK%UYSK'^

!3UNY*96




Z-A^F  JC]O0P7A+;$EB#Z5.HW 65.J
MV['


K

M$Y#9L=HS0JE7P;J509*:P/116TKX#!4!THOZH\ WK^X3(W(DOQB'/000)#19

S48.99DA&H;D.Q
M'&+G_70!S=V<%7W
]#!@X[
#J@$4-- B4@) NW2D!1=X3+U^ IO2OC9O6-Z


.JR9L6*F\H+ 'C0KS*#W

3$TB
MWM+U

V4R?AO3ZS65=]$/;=7=)

MA+VN.%EG9I5+.S.V/7Y6&:+A[(


9%?ET(



.+5MEU)8PPG]K=FE-AYU?1VX[
M$BCO0,!U3;;%X9H)FL4U\XX4D#-M8;3\A O+*Z4 *V41)7'$8\7P[N*VF!
MLJ31PVUI5X
3_


MP3$#!7_BWSHDRM0E$EXDUC?;?%)+) \'.OM]1)C7%MJP@'8N%VH_!T&FW4D
M.KY[297LNS41(H+@5TVNOG -&Q:PO]@F,RXAF%^X/XY(H/HX.3\N:6J.@OF


MI

G^A^7:_'3:T!6OD?*^

C8
D -*U[LF<'L;_@CCK\/?A


G_'L;%48

6=N6

R)\I]P'#'^+A.F+%
OA[#AL6]TZAF

PCIAJ-(0K?
M*N/;/YU6L(GKPW+L+B]RFO!K %^$\)ZW:3TA9OC.)-T9J3(VX39.PI_[:C7:
M 




M4JR^5AHK2+
&2H)F=RM8B&



__






M@HD'F=57CHCK'SC%-/?_H5A

ME3YJ04%]4EE)+W%H62)VVDAY8/A.D\\YG_


\HU@F
M:Q?57YV5A1\CC+[W,,K&W1:E0;KEGQJZ .(N)\D:*O/G8F+1GJFM9!7KE]?&
MM21MND7=%L 2.\DWPV</U]=\PVTJ+&.U1OZ7C+WOC%FK SMLA!Y!Z'WWN


=N(=Z)
C

M9ADKXCLL9=W**EVDLHD .W%/VANF'/9 S\0RRMS-89
2!-JRQ4.
B#$IA5-&
MA)EW_(X&?3#^JE83OS_LG:]:GXC5OJE0M]_[/VB%!'MCCM2O31W4GVPL=
MNT+&P1
E3V\^%

7 (X/
4$






M:NZ!P:+\H8L
EK7Q^#I*GF'8
.*11MEDNI)K?/;FT)=$H-
8]:O?7
B$GU
Y

4%&E='?[UVJ-O:FN[^'L9
'4'\X%7.B6!*=(8F9K]0
MI9B

)9CG6P3%FC\%?WV2K-LJ859YE!N[4_(%QJ1\


 L]9DQUX:T$::_!R;ZB

M%$F MTY^X4B\9X8GLND4+H9Q-JJ1 6TIA:4RNKX5S+)BL\45.HJ?7&?WKP;?




6MHX$SBC




M'OS45A%$N2AMT)([\ZWN.83;2P(TM?NH#66]91)LLY;(IONX8.T%C@ :
_



MSP@O.?MT*(9-

MO+;B PERF]8Y_AF?S&J,?-8,U;UA)_T0MY#P*63GTV//$P$L;K(ZT3(5P]5
M'&9;G8!]F=7LKOJ@NIF]PF2JC7C/3WAS,=NGU/)ZVB!FS+

M(5/@Q$J^G\ H?/7'7;\!A-M0S!J10!AD\ZAY(I98^3W[,XS+Q.K&W;,AW;

T9?2!6VA_7L#YMIM!4J_9



M6W+I;K:+JY.YY7EQHQRC9GM!UF

N0\B2\'%Q78UI;V[H8$T?\TL] E3


M2=Z-#
UNME 33X#4

M
4T-Q-G% /3M\TU C(O\[1+:#YXQE23#]HH5L1FUD+1YW)Y!7\*G].74'H=
M[)8X-8:T;$D6-(961E)FW3
S*&XW)\E-EC5!IJO$'?913PK$VJK?[=^CY54




C=T\?61WG

[&Y$&G;_H][X+5I6CVDZ+;RP;F@=L#


Z^*:#FR9(TIDQ5Q
?5)!);6-^7LCJU3#/=Y6KQ&

Y%-I+37

M



6
)*!U:N-$NQ.12\9C]TE@S(2.9%+@



M]Y5GKXV(

C4D1K2I4TBC?0DC07NSJ^X

M?O)/&-&$KP$HH(


&;G


/L@X[1'R8M,NIVQB 9:%%?]*4
M@1;U'S)_1JYV!4[G+*6_=QBQNK)4.@&ZRKM!<ML:2N*XA15KY2:%DMEYY?H

M

MGTC









D
N9KGYW/\ %W:7]W7SG['Y



S2

3(8[HXTER?A_+Y4







3'TKAS




2
B$X.N'=^.&&K
MM*A&Q9H/1J0'UFS*GKDGZ1MYCY/&=UG_ XP)OID+)G'/
+)3VX'9.2=Q@2%H
M5:$OYRQV_V51)[(7#:B^[.+2B.=7]

M;S)%9QV&*[!/#WY2!_A8CKHCW5-5Y6RYLO[GXX48\*C2^C;DG77^HQDV
8QX
_HQ2 R7;2Q.W W!F*C/KJZ!VT(G
M[,TBT5CWC)5

M7FP

MUGSO$3%1D0MB@\#HXS 



A26=+CSIC4*OJ*:;


;

AXG\+HP:40VD7(





MICQ?XKXBW


 W4R-5DE)F4Q;I'][$% +C





B^+FJ?-F.3(/S(9FG
M C +N+P Z[DPH0A*$7+)J] J6RAK!IF[GL3K
S5[Z8Y TX,N[H!=R32/R\]
MY&D@#M7JF;;X.O?;8RIE-4G\'&]OH*2_['O(97+)M 9Q)+QX&4RLCRF4G4V
MW&HR966&


MTZJ)L''3=;$JD;QCNMW7+60FN77O.



:\XOT;OB)T

3RYWGZU=L]ZZ,FC#T&UFM.NT4K7W.<]&I3_
M96J^S8AG0F^\-TS/V@VTQGU6D$0_BTF8_;UCR80_+ :O'B%]][-ZC1 D+_N






@:*9G/8\[8R27:-Z\20:SX]((S2-5WW\
]D6.#&\(:GJXVC2V2N@$LOX$%#6'?F W[I
(KPC1X#7=8'2X[5!@:T_$-:RH*Y$
M%X 3JF4C$&98H**!-D<0#O(N6ZNG#$C8;#*1BV.PMYX.5=/VA-MLY#6 8FH
MV[$S6U#S4!=


MA JZ3+E[@D



M^/Q


W;5.74@L:



MR0XO(TJD*5;'K[HNL?%+;5/



M+EP2$9%'3ISL?L8,Y:L%@HN*J+Q)7_JY'?:?J;(O:LCDU)KM*1:[#GOJWY


IAG8TPY&(*=



M*#H]P
W[7[.+:?



'YM@)V;'KHRX F 3J@@S


9BSKQ)6=EBAB;1G[?[P^A@4K9CY^_W_CBXHAP

+W3@+P^2E=!3[,L$?=V*#.1<C+#[#LVP]]


MKD#PD 2+R94#=GP6D8Y-,Z%)+6 T4V%6;@B4:.Q.$\_5]4]\'?48H*GU@9
M_ALN9;%-/$?M#3GKP 8YH+$'/ 







Q)[L%@2^ -$L%!W/1@;DW*K']3@.99D1[)%W2M3P



M()XD*4

%ZN'&-WT:N8
M;ZEUD-^Y%@,T8WX'8-I2V90U;$0( 4  55= &U=!MRLS1#&(6['[C\K7N8
M*B/#M].1%JX'&CI

M;#$T6NXV6BC!B.K :RL5*Z0.):4 @_UP58MCN(Q'@5H$=B=MHY#Q&#
Z7'

MU4D'




#*8:=T

_
EPV;-Z*8!7AF2


MZOAK8!-KR




M5F](DQ
8+'N!.&;(\R4'1H([RXR4:B'H*56C75

3DH!MVAIR5W$Y5AQ$' L
MWH!TXX_

M

+%CWX7)
M36'2?E1_-ZR4V



-

#@:







^
3QOV_-_



613HD(E10M 5SO!1;R^S
MFNN@2]F4@3/!$,O?C#'U I/;;H ELC5,36(B=08%T$P0)6VQ^!.)(@NQK?
09:R,)5O:,LE/9PYD\X*8)
MWP_H^ 0G\3;;=*;$H@'I79BK_IN1QPZ[WN$GM(%L BQT(4R890_A.#!-\ 6


BQ 81T/G
M0[-6-Y_N ^V_T/H/A5B@U!V(HGAP3D?BP'9?:PM(7C!$=87:YX40GY2J5EVE

[+

@Z2(7[Z(O!T8'(R-<4DUS.G
MJM(Y)WJF#AEX\MFA50S





Z 7

.B3CJRB+:RKM^+0[9RM[!!G7]B4G*
R


:'@PY8$H[FYSOK-V(C@^MI1B158
/1A@+K1F%F

M*IDVF!A4BC
[RP+2)*0\B2ZT!H$ T;L_+.SQ*BZ3YGW&!\N-J%05/!K8&1G:

ALJ$C#

0*
?I?'C/G]^.<^_P!OZ_3U_&+6KMMJ#]V
O'XD][Z7U
M^G7//Y_Y^^NS1I474.!A!H!BH(8RG!(84P:KT)'C7SY_Q[VOOVE6ZZUZKQ!




M*3#L 3 NL=FP,(:6&!#Q=M$H-NMM2JR@YJ[\]I@  Z&(/M!6ZJ
X@:[$-=









)0$AR$B6@Z(9WM
BX0F*^$NF:JP
 ]YL#HB(2  P


MN4LT8



/%9:;/9W'#
WR87 8T@A^F*Q#+!]

G#=T

)?Q)JL2X

MER
O&)(9!=JAZ1-#7E;@!(E/OZ-VQ*'_HSP.$@ B
^@$
QIZN:.Z&^=_GY
M^+DG/X[\?;[^.^


Z1[S'
*)VB[@O;YOVV%1I7' \_

;0X$G*'T;Y']7_P /!G'Q^_0=B-B9(17EY[1\\?I ?_XE

);V:.#'0C[+KV(!D
Q/F+P&)R0;.D%N0CP)

.P5 U07; 
ME(P$&Q5;* @T&@18@T1J$J2@-+(83E'V22H[\




%T%3'I)^?4+E*


%V-0R=#F$:C+8W8FO?

W


-H!

/$__1U?)'*_K[:**TYQ

!$-
MFE

M C-=-[$AN$[$Y*G!8\R0' ] [9R!:9&ZIZ

^H#D
M:-'*Z%I'6ZD:@!&B1AKV6 8 *D34:46%@OKN3%X9@GA)#$7EQS-P@%CB)A
MM :BXJU(7M3^&-^9]YG!YP


I9-\Y/9&#!/^0O]'C[YHV$:')IY7';I


[1$#@=92/H+-G
M7;W;5T]!\5+_ (F90HN+
(X^/7?]E_:_K-8_7X6;@(4%=0FPN*B
ATC2\KA^




%KC#5X
(


M1$1
CXT9D$X

MDR3*#9M*];#8(YMR3R4PKNB@LHI5&+5!0#H(H2; @.L9K5:#:S%73*2# =



X4

F'$#U%E./2\SUXQJF^8BO+SJ[A1,O*H1 [Z&P[S.@B$






V
M=*%&S^0)T E!5UHIBW[




M





MR 8



PA

M-0Q(&^5:ZZ&.!M&Q$11. VZ&LF:FN )M#P$0&YL .@&VBGF:ZA@U(6):T6

M6/BZVL88;(;\IF*Z-XE-[ @
5H;][5)
&.-^X6)O?D
 HD.JN1;J_P [FS 4
7/V[[8 S( \\ )BRKCA&N&V)SX[D8LK)&+
E\4I=KU<1,G%-WO4H05=UHB 0EA^H! TO
M2DPBQS+XGX_K7VQU\^?I]/V\S]_^N=^/7CV<9U^WI[OW_3/??W_ +
?\QD3
MMKXQ %K

MR ^?6*8[
E]HN.CLQ&?79)3C-!-: ]\$D=G#OTLH1P8
C8!Y$41%P'D$6H

MK%.VY$G]



!P ZWH('?NR!9O7@0\\W;&4E+&F&!



$$P#K4!
@(89*B@QLQ


M9^7RUMPLIKJ1FD4*66(MZU
8]Y_BX
/3U?2RP:@V1

DNMI
M*R PH8ZG*UUGTV!Z


VIX0*1QMY;R*[@
M'.@8U?LFB3PR2B R&'M



*$04)(
J@ H1M A#FY0(@&AP P5$'
M+#1T(P;1' *\%/R




MZ .7'P.G%J#(I;+
P34'?F&/%'UB*T.)-WYB
DXE$[#0E)()SZA%S2:?(=.X


V8$
M.W* 4P$J5;-5(&IU5S;;V1\P\^N]^WI]8I#YEZ@@T#*348XM;KVA/'4S5G

=)M10PV7  N*8V/4B$VPZ!J&FF

M#.ENZPK_ %R:'


M4

*^A_H!^ *@*Z



M0AD1$XB([$Q7 *G+D&%(0*(2BI0Y*6Z%&IU0HN:GR
G+ V
JA@#Z
H%BAJ
M9B1VVS@

P)0!B
MR@YD!89@ZG7++Y-Q1 2&

M\_WZ_?Y\_//XXS\?]/GL^
X^?/UQ6I\Q&




M1%2

''50 H3+3VE9D!%P
M*4()


$UX0

M)!\[S!QZIZU4KHDG$G !
&(H((HV

V$^


SE*V


M72D;N

$ 8!A0-5PYUL2T8(?#8



M?/A8.6*7JESRC
L

M!@N1C&3;4 MG0*$(%(&)=T +M06@MS@,VXE&Y5$ZB.+N387S0S:2%Q/\

M9%%$B1B

MR/GK]OEGA

<9< 44:$ :FP)K^L^/I?






M=E#*OA$ *@B&A&EM-F-_$XC2 VE0$6&V&TZ/EX4:);@X-=I+%VD)@$@-
MN8H=1Q):B4A10O@W?AH_;]O\*ORRJ;*2

ER$7TF




KF'&&G5I@J+!
5C 1$)L8(
QJ [0FMBAGUD-BT0@PQI-H MJ-.'JF,!<Q1P*=F;*!5
M0*4( K*T21FJDA203W 08!RE*4'!5$08MX35?:DI-E+-@H@:086WCD10B'
M:P*;&BVN4(1MB(C#E@IX*&V'S'QE8'$M55L.]#FFRM5WE3-)&:J@ K01$?0
K'C^.KKDTF RTS#RJ@:EI!<]YE5K




MP&J?D3EFJ

;& E4Y I3#54&!&E()9N0G857(CZ93W]K1 '3;HUX

(L\40A%J GVN;5D!H9+H!!#LO!]


G*@FEY)T 7%+GHQ


MN!'*FF^S'KOO%'GT0+

 YL6E[Z=





MKH(_ 5$!C3&V@YTZ3 05$I0J5$=D5)H-D9TB-X:E)1NYGD0LQ0KH$:$TZ0Q
M-:
N+/-OI$@2(A05EA$3AM_&: T1*6;*%W_)/WO?\ @!1C3OF@^C% 79Q
MUEH]M5



MP$-#%3B%16_ 8* ,(U!'S54B#*B

R)!DKKI2  P.(P0 8HE04$K_@=*70





M_3CCG_N.$MA-B6LH N9 
%:Y7;4-Y3!QHX&(+GJ!K$/(T)I5B@)1@#P)4TN5


748_R$!ET?=S=MB[)MK00J
MA:F*?? Z'OMA)4RE:NHZ*B%%X$SDVN4


K1
M2X!,[2:P1&]@C:@5

MVU+!$


WN\8NMD%_^59FEHYNP
JU$D2I J3:=P*4KP965.)4$.N&992J
MR*%_$0TK)AKQEX2:C,.4RZ6+]4Q%ASZA=-5Z#&!$7K[')6&^@1G_)(V.#J











@!)0:E5JPA +,0
MQ]8$V-())39P0&M+U5RYB
(!BMPT7.1O$B(06))B#K57*HTXPY2.7P9I0'@
MJ



!?4+[D\?
95


!865&D*W@CKUH+B=A=LUH.(ZR
M1!HL@
![<%R5L' SB<?*T-+KZ
M8-VIH_###MBT/]P0<5C4:R=8$L:+E+H%AY&I1-Z3 58!M9XY^K-L)I\XT_K



M\\O

+I0?Y(UIJP@C=VL1.FBN:\D@A@3)+5!@
MR*QP5:74/%A\CAT::-E8@@0F01RWC?./.Q#$U?SB8SS0:MAA*8;:.II)
7
M5Z\5^_VUXG\63GT-VOXP$ ?BE[
HU6#G G,_MUC.RH06K8)$+Y=0^-N%S%
M860R#.#$)6;/U+'-/.
4AN-PYSW..-@H-4XS:50S*T48V;:(#BY4%I[2B8
MDR6A10J)U+(0@Q 





RH)P



WGZAHB:AB8!!@88TY4B G$*;'8;UP-2@M@
M;H+*5XNWMQ2;VZ_AZU


LLY/J2Q






!0=U(&[,M_G?SK6_UP*4JE!VN
M@3A?)L=\_2I)$
06M)X/A\]WU?]<:CO/'SY]\;31J




65=Y7?[ZW]\342[I7\R^D=3)
M( CP M+5\)E_(_ )KWA9G[7:O&CY5%%SJ_PD]25-X HM_(5:Z32'C%3I:


T#2#R<=1ZPM#RQF^&H8/GJ&+Y

M=C0






C DP?AA58D .5B[D# -ZD



MR-C^/$(3@='7.%O)RE #Z&EAF$
4E4


@F(&[2P*\CIP.TRI%90PP,;Z. 0P1*9!%U(G73(S:9<##2<!2JIG%C!
M14LUL9'$)PB-:&=O$3X0

H;ZI)6N*!
X8          G^
X3U_;MH T+

M)V9(M;0Z Z&!J8$R5T0080\)PU'V1 ^I V!3:=+#JVG@ATHM!I



#@2AL'4*G+40)I0N0
MAVH,F(5U;@C5*=PT
40;A+GNI[G4EJA+,?EMG6W$T?C_GW^J 44)Y$B?C

%11! #7
WP6$


]Z9!;G9ZTZF20ST;%Z:+Q[
MX ][V]+)YK'V?FJ2RHR:,!B:Q&%):!4+L8B&TM(DL-T$VT Z9=L(*44-BA
MK?*00IR:H#H!:LZ#HQ)LB%Q'0[03!A\7R&A53#G)1 1ELT)(B! 6;KS;H^*-
MG([-N$K838$($!2CD_Q/0@E_986Q..FJ:+TS8R.]D-



M*UTLNS ?H 5H \?!)]+&$717#0CHE^SSR\!\@A6O%9MPF*#BO*9M?T*@


MH(N^R_XY 0+[ZPJ['?1G=V/0B!B:;F5YS^BJCT[[B2A9Q NF,]H2;6AKI6






Z^3?_/DR@B9P-W0
M.S92$Q2.+FW$N#8I9(6X
3JX




 ?!;FA


*


M

M'!#54$6%

])PDC L$0E

M@%1_Y.V!
*BME D(I)M4)#!1UK7X=@4 *Z





MP=JX.0

\C%VW%!9@'3S*V0;+R%RT
$3HLJ5_8.(]H/&@
MUBMHKB1DWI^$#YN4'58%)*YP4F@7

M+*R C#8!\D4BI\C
E2)-TM4^X(F%G0JIM-56NU[7;YQ/X!6+4
MKHO

MA3:=83)0K*7B6%D]D4-P&#(N&6
N9?*KM!.%?0@;P=\?I_'Z_'.I\]7\3I^W

Y)L


Z
7!C;4!T&3[.[K$14Z8[$@&F0X
M)?3$^6,4HH)+"X\A/MN6*0*JB!-%@=+P(.9+0FH-2R=0UB/



!Z
=U0I_PNBPX* N*:

0AC._


#\5QZ)E[C






MFM3+-*


0J9+S$W:Q4@84JX9_!+1M$DN2)V]_7E\\-@%IB


L%

FQ

T3L$##*
DFH2MH7CXDZL;C1(02@$4B$(-'0*%
MU4@0IL0I0R'05  



M:3D(*;9J.X(


8+O( @38EB*M[I85[:1:
M@QB)H;4 -8% RY.)/

MS)QO*?B9_D1&JVQDJ#L/%CKY])@Y]T%16ND%N(
DRIF(I)%=FYD=&Z1Q1&PY

MM0JKK^N2(P@E]*MB

M








 5&O*S?'6.KB&Y

OD1UU^D;57Y\APZ''B:;5GYWCOM\?]/'?=./:_

^?;Y^_YSY_?SU_-^_O\]^$Y_
^=


*G
QP):

YN1
3BE5J5#8SR!?B#.5?VPB@1*L
M+EI!43+S] 'N^ZR3?2XTH5D(CPG-UGE9/210+.A(& +=QFF?.4F?P-.:+C

%E?SO#&
8L[


T
@%-8YP70;2.@'DJ2+O53-
M,)G8KZE.#A+U18!:B


R!N
MN6-^2SJ_HFQ


MXS%.5MJ+#AQF&
$Z5(TBBQK@8;!\HC6 ?A6[1.P%\XA=$2Z58< []4D2QEHS
=
M$CE.
#D01P)\H1A\V9.S

$Z:/



/E;M0H



M@@*ED@4QTM42G47
BB C$PC4B1O8(H68]('(=\QZ X2ULPC0\-=_@,;4(@#
M)JU;0F641.JHQ@LXZ9:A'L)#AIRE?SW+P'XF%QIS([1]5SJL!..%U(;D4Y
M*J&)3 -CKF\O(L'?&6&5F;7%NUR!VSR^9O-=(?ZO]K]HY&K!0B=FZMC(RM
M$NT!810,(!I8+ JJN)#MC


*1'EVRJX.M!
M+RCZ




M
 VH$ 32/%R.WP#

MB(J5/ HA6$G%@&1P&*78[DP8Q@Z








M!


H+E=B%+8MH6;]*F8Y=@#:FG
M1T!*

 S83P4IK@B:





MND\@+80O\9J9Q98Q.F&FX\Y&=;GK[_MS\_;O^_9O?GSR^/MGK/GSS]\_3KOL



O TA+
M8K01J5 *J@5R%A*5E'=6WE!.(\*




M



R02(NT! I03& )=&G6:]S?5C^/'7_=RK^M:
MU]ZZKCVS
W/M:^^;6=?
2@@AY;KV12[9Q+5WV1'EVH2Z5JE4URID5AI2?=[G

L



M=_5DKD%SZC:];@7JR^@4'0QM^&9:W8_.5X%K+S&('XT?ATBD]%M/@+%225Q.

5*LKO$QH4

M?MP&L&M3/70LZ=/V(:Y/\A2OFCQ.=PBHXL?$1

MS:P24EDEJ:

ZI\A'K(_YKPOL+JFSIQ$G*H
D/!T/@&=LK_&_G4:2

M:&LC^9D04[)B:_H:^HMNDE+8+P[PYDA.ZW=*[6ZW;E\E@X&X.!YH2W3%HQFI





M_OH]2&
*BIS/B-U=




M#DUC\ONR
MKCJ15B




!

M/8+51)SX3VK4

M-:L4+



2(D!FXI\0@
RIU=D5%E[

M)@Z





M)7.BNT&2DH;ME1]X2!!9C4\#9J_3E-)F[N5^VB;



E)9DT4UBA*ZF'7
ML5^UC[ TGA079:_I15

LED2C6
ZCCZ-WNET



MT]A-0


EKD






+/
;6$^1XN_:HRIZCY1Z.%U1P=6E@[+^#I+V/!U#
M(W[E-98UXF/&#



V^$%A;JE?%&3W0F4&7-@DET *0BP1\K5Q
N
MI7E0?#TLQ()0):$DJ%KN2CTN85TK!@@?AUA)\KD\JK:





M2^HL9$)Y68 .KO;%0N.Y/=?3)[F^=1R

'=^_.C.60F$^3DG$-%R.=YPGOVY(+W]!]
B
/F64\




MH#S#+]CF7%M( \ESB45
&6$;P69@[GH'&_8+S797M3+12&:2((5TEZ2XWCF-

MSSMGHN.;(U$BRYXQ8W&$GSO
+$OX*^E6$
&/3

M
V@2F@+
M[:;7RQCXL_H9[)?@65BX*S?A[





:;Q_A$QENN]UF8C*:



4NC\)R
M&'CWI







R-;R^^K\<#V

=%U(:B*K5O2&'9 .[G[^P^(V#
M
2];(.CYZ78-Y/V%?18K
^29!2#E!@!





M&5/J)8@VDC0U






IBM%L-P_



88B)7L\=W\
B5N59V2^AV#X]O&SPN-+[OB!,71+U8E80S
M+Y*1![FBZ?1'?
4IQ!PB8TIM\&:;6!P5LEKT11'7]$]/S^A#,!M6:5#@D8
MX3J4PAG0I1BZN@6ADNFASQHP=RDA^V /Y_%$PL+0-;(J$HPI1Y
]NN[T&P5
M[NI/




7
$G2@#C0*AW&[


MC#[0JX_2
J_%U E^=BE)2A\
$WKN[B+I<


W#+

M7&3G73 L7M?=?G&N$HBLTW;0




M-^Q

M0]NE@A

ID-[_\DXW
M$V%10+O%&(TY\K2J1)K6CQO==#0LKD:QS+^7TH
 3%W=F_L'0UN(VJTX8'VU<PP-6= EA:R_$:
M3E^
X]


1D5 2$Q.34-!0DI)2T%-0


; )
9$M0$





!R
M\$NU/S3[OZ:8[_\MS?ZIV+_T@@

M!_][[F_FN/HDE?$:#GA&[6S?.A58X^%A=S#F7'6NDM9ESZ( 7]BZ=
B
MSDP48#D%':1$ 7O^*. 6J'P'MA8



C75




/)E=7Y%WGLR-=Z



KK^NRM9


MV'WF=F
F9R


+S0J[#1B6AIT(V47KO2E
MOZ$MZ$


M5U8DF)IRG'AK$4E=28D6NQBFI^9;Y[X,#1^D[.H-8(021%JU:@
:\%]N
X







MY'BI;
DPDQQ4^C+3P5;3G
MB0=7+.T0?_HN+_[MNZBZIXXK\A[84'Z0KFB.KYN9^\<*ZZ 2WCG5A?ML^.K
MDC


8M

MWX8F8!-W/]P(XKF86BNYX(.=7+LGI?[]R0?#)&6=
_ Q(.+@P+57D4IWQ#0J



QH4KV(+9%)^4DY
W\JU.3:,2:3R0UF^(.
M8=/%4A(\/D48B#UMV9/K#P8Y7L^F4#ND;=:+1#C2PQ[P4QUR[XUK&WL<QC]

SJB D60-NBKG;7_?:SR
MQ

M_


DD-?]C^B
_D=O



M




P#MQ!H3<O_

M2XG@4/#AUAU7-A7N


& 9XMI<Y[)T3P?@&Z96Y
MSM'C!S_Z#YU/.GJ#<O_K/^?3;ZU7[W





M3;O&;ZR=




M*=7Q1K5QGZX2
3!L.!UO;
H%OO!I
Z0]B.'&^2;\FQ#$5P9_11=R]]#Q#=U:



7'FG[]ML^&3? 0<4WO5
MH(#)/.@W0';-0'#A3I:=%#F




WNB52[0?YJ@3+)4IWPMQK_Z







ML#9R$32$ CZ\:TL]YH.N2!











)N!OF]=F9=%
M
F&7R;TZ=2/.3F&^:H\96[K52;5\A^

M$?C\S]1G0
8(V_\


Y^#VFZVS&8S\1XX
MOZ7YWC)QN


=F:XCN[@\ 9$^VEN5[RUKCN
MJY
7!SF)EW:%@1%'?
\\.^AKFOO5\SY[)+ HN] KBWS


MAJWU$I$#_VE-U3Q:^?(GF;TO1PU%V8$U)3AMPN0X^H/V8+JWYD29EVV';V
M2W]]XSK6P: +NV

G75

3I-
VU





+O0TZ CD]MQMI_)KYZ\W.H#


;=S_K4$Y=W6-JW7S6OR(05
M


M/]$31-'Y'*+R1@DOFFKA0Q.&-8P-CC)8^CJ6YGLN+QY4N0#'#S):8% ;=[
M7FY%=A;M%0F6G]5(.**4+!VM[=UK;Z#F.OJ&JW%!: DH()P'6K*/ @X5
Z^=]=]2DM;SL8<O<487


M#9&G2KY=4.^+GGB&'/5& ^JOE1Z6!:P)M.ODRVW=]W7Z;@G62=JU\%8O#\(


M;AET:C=44M=)3O5G5]C11
M)!'.O? ((%8OD]G=\NX8_A:XFLX$:HB#QM=]W

WU ;JSQE

M*R7&.=]0DAQ1





]'%SP0L&1\/0@7DL


.(8H.3<YQ/=VN9B=2QC9))=]YI\NH$3_-/R@:D(SZXY
MYW8URIVWHC0J8YW=Q[0E'][(^&E;[1Y27GDPOK .:GF[8



!52%R2J.='F[JB#3D)9(XH*OQFI


[/2V)*28($A
(9--BGF

M .\E)O_[E'(Z]#X Z*D7Z;-[N99EOEO7KQ51P!X[:.!KAH]J404'ZY?Q!K@Z
M
0+JWXG76RSM^WV?-R@BI^D&7??  (@US
MR[%S)EM^J6ADI/XXAS&[V&X[!8_@-)@Q_'HAN ,Y !M]:Y!H7%CW<7W&LS;<
M\R JKD/:LN9.


I0ET34GHB^IS^9;]\H7=GA;.3T&
M$U:1QFB#K'/6ID/2IQC+V#;Y7-IXK
J.']LHH#692/(HM
)9N=[:L^2R $?^
MR@ %B
#Z=MF+38P.6

(0(%D$N;







M##@'$&LAD3PX:R&EA (DM8\U-%_/S/Q$PRWNGXLE3IKZ)PVJ81%=G
T+
0'R

M$4WBO0]3-XG



MQ

O5^_B
1C:I3RY/Y*5*[L]H99M@?^ 9Q?$KNY






SC\






MU;CV]LVVP

'R78R@;_<*N C3_+J$^[;<*XL_+^I;UD?UJF^O









SLF#G


LH+QP
M7Z0[W+



.X9UMJ/:TX[^AX)IH6KW#



MUEX&+FI( 2LYYH*MO$4DZ(FN
G)G&3@]'BKHU

M[)+3P(NA9/4VF^;M@MD'9[LEE_I_\J*A?PW'$CD\YV8[H;N=*  C[((
MFB&


_3W2D5EZ!%??^&V_9@@CL?X]O]WF]T





HUWTKZN'VB_P0

MSMXV=S2! NC(6$C;(6@DEU1%
WOHP9 \*PI(@9VOY[&G\:#!6^'?5M]HF)OM

MNWA\I]
R;3=A^Z-2TO=4L
M' 6X[[Z@Q#'S\\6CU:H8-O53\]??_MP61HVIU,JQX+:C,SXWBR =A6J #U'
ME%






MWTMGM1\

6UMJ+VQ7OBQ




ZM.V@;R3AC4*J);637FL6^11I6!OM#VQ]Z9G'O-OJ

??3WW#G'+Z_-8T/:9?L)
0

M_0+KTB5] [J%SKG'X9J-11/(&S#!FHPR3ZX\Y8(-EPDM
X_TZ4?-S/R&2W-D




D+%

P9R
!6_3$/.W21MU&NE%SRG'Q[NO

M 3J^FN9.F[!M\CO


FUYYZH7=-Y D+/H
M5PQU+=3 ,9UQ&DT*'B8?PU[\XD.WURX#0=.0%15COPWUOQ A1A.*;OQ_/#,
M_MIM:X+M[:.!R++\R&O0(.F5D%
8T5:S9+@$IO6W1X:!S+0HX-:EQ[7-&%90
M_:J[T?8R? UVN%ER%CX.[H'KQ2)EAV@\3DC+,XGT%^O+C^2&2\]JZIX4:Y*
M32* )9[768Q70+:6PA.P0\_RWKN9%[9H'4TN@
MA3Q=I(Z*Z,#%'MN7:C


Z'$I1Z.V^*
/+\'K2
[9.=#16 /!S$7


W5



1

M+15%*]QFE_@)Q?:B:LI).[O4DR50QN2VXLM/?T0'8 %:0?7'K(6UIO9EB+B+




M$3K)2@4LNA85X.-6_/R@02B@Q!;[TKU4JCN=ZY*
@]-F[[E4W&9K:RN/R'U2


M@




E)
M\MU''0(N!A*-L?/]#W*XP&1'SDD/2_ZYB3MY?.PO66EF0?E FX*K4=0 EL
MM5+]_\ZIK
&CK=EJ7N01)F%):)!(2 @H9INTMT-77O[EV &3H68@OS=HE\OC




M!?1IA@G7VYY/(4)O


;$5LDX[N=X%MBEW0]?

AU&W

M?)D=UZ+;L1'U[YI?7F9FH=

M44


X!?7/(5[5W@*4/H
MM&
)'QFV=;66$J]3:J[

M
] V3+JVP;EP=)FI*:)FIY^Z7%??]OBL4G]
^'NCSY($'QOMJ7+5$QU%*6L4




XN^_LC
M59.:U'W'N]W%@C^,]N8G2!Y3=YRI!&E$3#\G?4KZY*B645'_ZD
]+QW8 XA


M&[G!G:
F+'7
($QI8O;I!PR3#V8QV@PN7@EZ6'FS;VWBFL/LV99)7XRR#J$*


MLZA$)K55ZV1V^ [!M^GQG\^GMM&OAA+M\\HQ0'K3=GDR%8GHV/\)Z&X[NB

MX.BX'PGQ?('J%)4ME9?J [XIIR9%$Z[4;W
3A80X%X(/RRH

#-SW=Q)26U242]#C'H[LK#*7328[5#B[]


M]DN J
P(W:C'52U2M%Y.M9W\M2!Q;-!

4Y.1ZA1-0]U:K.;\8GZ8--Z3
M[IJ\9[RC%C0_R





[0KB?DYP?Y_E;]-KZ64V$



M':=*IFVIOWORX]]LV!N#)5]Y\9W ON-;]!HQ.ZCZZN31')+R$_12IK@KF'7

MK\@

*N#B 8ZE87T$6Z[FK?'S!:&E=QT=SY 7F*MLSWD_8_2


'F5



XS
M)R1NF K3&Q-7S!ZYC[X][?Z8KI\(7LY/)-6[$!5.
Y+T6PQ'T*=L 

M6Q=+J=\R^JSQ^43



3DQ
C
Q+GAS9.U=6W/;N!5^
MWU_!JC.==*:*)=NY.%VG(]]:SR2V:SN[[5

^._
MD?4[T=$CO[C17B?A#O# 7*0E)R,0XFO& \N\ 2%OCSMA?37$/ED0KG5/ Q

M%W-\H KU52G
B9O2U1
5:  ,2A&J)(NJEB+RN&/!_ITL.3DY
#_38M*KRR


FH.()J#A\OX:*


(4T82)
?O0S+BVU3E7 [U%;81=52=/
MF?YJ$UT+;#U,['5)B./M37 +^[
7H642O^UMA(4$5?4^D@U5?3GVNXAB OL





B8F!F@.A\-W0]U&+HAP

MN-8?60-=ICCVFQ]A_1V-]0QQRS
J%W-'QWI$=.%NB]B?CN%EY/F-^A*4Y6


MX[48HX2MPR:.!X_&

=8^5HS(.IPY+!E$9A!\=




MYB3D?4D24L!I)Y
1R9D7NL#.IN9S5

R






M[38.5K

TQ^-A23PVPK;SX]/*FG\(


MGI1THRE?)V8

MCJHG)5'5M+=B[&J4B0/71ER0J?-,2N2F1?!RR;;_2[6MW6T:^4VKP._J%D
M';S 9B?CF)ZB.$.*&B9T


MGBBASA-(A6W-B=B]$Y3@HSL=XJIQEIX%5AGSO0A'L N8R
7&O:&1M%JW6/F

M;MR\T^SPZ8]Y
+/)T';.D*


L]NG0.E+









@R\


MT9WM

/]LVM5@;
O2 0;P$J[%J\0\0;

CIJ'B:XHX=J7JE\E:55H 75Q5 ;8L


0=6NB5FG0L.OSXE5$Y$V@B

N0T?YQ*T:;$




MKF8JL'V
_




MM+1J0F;@-PKWRX/]0J[62FWYK@T$
YL!5@,P]Z%OD(KM*1VU^^J)HE0F&7
'4V#BS95QWUFA3\[JPLZZ6R+^P*Z,9KM 37UDA;IEOO6T
NL'/^E6KVL@3

RR3SJ+LXCEK[8_=QAW?8S?D^E
MPM9Z :?_ZP6$9+68T0C8W.)28E9[\NVC&AWK)-P9#M#G'_X'4$L#!!0    (

#$Y
3(S

<I ZO$*2KI3I*VU;]^#BAJ

D2F0 ./GQY%BP'?__/+[?C%Y]B





X_N87N1_?W__YJM*7+R;U.$6$/ZKG]R^
MRH^\.K7C7


6 WL'L6M
MZ+4H6D+

ML]'U0@?V


MR\=83_?HPU[U#MO!LYABT\0 'Y]
IW%A-=Z.K!N-P=:UU@X]5#UL-\]3BCZS





M@-]S=[?7/' GVZG^-F7[$Q0BMWA[/]']VDYO+L:3S]LEW%1H&-$F]2?PID:

ZB[OX[.W33^:PY<.<]3N=N%7_/\8 *U!75S








&$/SE)7GYXG


M1A!8/I3/1WV&'

MG&.(.F^2

 NFQ2WY_8L@?D1B](U:*(W_DN?3[T[/O,^C3R_DL
MIQ8(S[8?K6#(IF)58(Y2[2A2T1F4%#.($$M ,TJ=M&?8DPX61/V(_.@9KV)&
MY F%WR:UWV4NXNGY*@1.HI(4NF8]@DPXP8LI3 X@O^<I.4=#$GQ8&/0Z8A.
ML)7V+=Z.ZGRXLXEAU







MRA$.8%@M!'6@15

H D!V_LZ/PIEZZ
- K8. 934
&V;Y@XZ<7*;-PB=S&;-R,UG]^DX
M[L]I;:#/SG55EAMNDR+@HF&,=(0WBRL1QJ 88XPHVP'TU-\K;5_/[0$I
4L

@Q
+HZ$$'G 3:KW0K;8:?+\N0H[


!*L0K&4(.W J
?-:VVBXDAT6C$N28J\1

M$[6)'OV\;7\#WQ&:@O-P'R%
79X?EB$:.LPMA=B12


CR*4D40PX


M:
^1=0K





M3$D(DLQ+Y+G$BC$GHCWZXZ)'1+=.R!X?XZ#5V!_G'FNKF-%
\^204T(B@
8B

;[1XKJS2CR2D6D-%:(HNS9VRP
MR(M'T0O.

M$A
D65Z#*4Z03:@<GRX6;4[,F5
MQZ(5]V A(I5(2*0-8B[ 0#DQ6QI,HX[(]^_:(,5;I@=FFY*AH=K
?59[*

L!$QCO

M!AH5MA1I!:&2
RXBK(P$ $(^Z6




ML=L-$@


D
M

T+-P(GD]-I'?U&W$$HT FC(G9[JZX];/2YC\)EF$IQ)D^T$6?L1%]@=8[/

QLU
B&GM3PZ_Q@_U2
ML*&RP=*SAI_L.
3 'R=U#H$OT^
#RUQVAXZAOI7G--8Q;4P=OZ9$):7TUB2
MJ$X$.4J UE3 ^R4II3FMNO2M=E





?8T:3[;)NS$EO6U5
Z+@





DIK^KEZ*7:CT[QC3542RC(:P0L( 2
5=4Y(


82JQ..


M9)E)YX)J;7!T#\Q.^. U!!RCV?1]G$80YF9W!GY?1\4\-X1+B[22$6%F\KR;




$HP8H%:9PCNL.QG?C;F#0OM

7QL
MZ/#K




(R)^7*N:S^Z@[G=NF'M77CZT<<<].[73DP6*?Y=[%
M\%3)LM!V\8=7N'\LM%4

MFBKM#=


3*RULJXM:#NE+'YR!@^!<Q*O:Q=5<+NV







MCY/W$=YO;MW@DI45I!*8
H)S-A'

*
VFW@1YOB570Q4:XMI82)%G.M!FH
M1A#_T90
!CR./IEU(=H


MTS..I5CS-/7WN('A

M%;
Q$JL


M5AQH;
4)HLP]A2Y8/+%I\(3B$-I\B?D)^<
M; -A?'A[^



XHTH2X(;P'Z#L=VR4\U




M@

M!54M0@0PDD9$2)$
Z !!C_XBLJ&&?8/MZQO40Y+K
CW+W[(CJ;XJFZV)42)(

0


4QIQIAT2*A!$O+=(




OM&WLRR)6EV+TU47F'#1.(AQ0
M\I(@&ZC

M/ 62EWQ(5N]





AQ
MB



RFB)8YT0
MZ1/U4NQZZ/AV3GWS9$5D-$E:B82@' (S1Y*N!B

:WU]'
M]S[O)L[Z\]1.1].'Q)EW#S


M-0GZJ!






$%     @ (IS4*%?/?RTB0  
(& !4   !B

3DQ
C


MLR\G1_&P3:

MCYMLOJP@0Z7GMBN@S2ZSQ2*;Q%^KY3+;3+SOIJ


%_'E7^?3_]XH0&?S['):VD*J


M_*^K?#;)%B='6^59O0ARK@G2Q+-[$?1^XE9Q'S69SM9I9)^R\7JQ67_=C_%L

PWM]TN8^C9/?&AOM_UZ/%*EO
;C]FR_4L
N-^<]





C.97K_9MGDSFCW9Z!R(K2_Y5-</MV
!\]IO'A;I[^RW5V_25;5!WKOF<T/=K
/N/=F/53:?9)/-





AT24#]AG3S]5?1UE/Y_O&
M@.F6 +H2 ?;VB9^(XP00@TV@!JA#5;.1&TI/H4@%X, 9H IELF$H$V-LK
M1!M)&
T\MD0+'PTF;V0A)\$058 ?C$$: *8;@E@*Q%@;Z^@ 5#(XF5-SK.


M


M.ZUY]IHE0?

M?R@%Q]')_5BWH*!SQ!BMH 4X_A
%Q(6D4!

M$E-

=PA<(X
15C%_V
2)\DXO1:&


M]M1?&Y[.+

M_M;B\%J@0:


M@2ZV?ZT[@6H#UK5EF)RD%Y=FD4VF94S#A\T#XC895G\= Q!#G,5%\M9 *1
M 09P-:2I ^9A#7 Z5WL^FB]3@1

M ]6WA5TX@QID0%




FE5X*XAU-15\

MM[9]:$'KS8#3E?(_IKS^\VQ2E

M@8

M



VHRG =


D4Y




T&5-AGH$: *8GJ(Y/XP6%XN-6V2RB2/Y
MDT^78T6Q\X$2CXA(&LY9%;: QAHCURK-@%N3@Y5@_
Z[:*0[5C@W9 ZHDD



M (AD1'G%(8ID)R(:27@KL9=U2CNW&







M\R_!Z]@

M6DF )


M1E0
*?@W YH91L^QRK#.C2:Q7=F31%M]ZQ@M=&*:YDA!P#+IRGNT]/U3B'

(!YL ;
M6J
MXCHTIDV_-36K[1X5#%?&.FJ








V&I%!PY*(M@/R4H
MJ3ZMM.8;ZI

$5;:22-@
9$J('SU*NRM^7AZ








'T5-?2P

1@DIZ6HQ2




I$308FP5



\'\^CK=NBIC#SQK&QSS#$&!B&'1UI7<


8DB^T)J%VVS

MIA9Z?R;^#

TUUD-TH32K
MUK

M#80V\55UYYL'SP@$26\!8Y0@8PPQ5
CBA-( 6Z/
3FM'MWU2IS)PPR!/JDM8

M^SJ=SZ?SKY^F/^[*)(]23;EW^6AN%Z/OQ_


M)2)[XTYS

 //^6+5;3:,I\6G^)0$_G
MHU4V24B4$@^T3?-CT S0I V%'..?82QD-D063TU06N^[H:IT#1$G=%B
UGY


IT;
DF


M+$V&PX\( EJ)!:?(^JI4P!P5B@
*A^M;:CN
^FR=$85 T%7Z4_V3M_WX.A




M&'?:Z;O+RVR\FG[+/D1;.O[=Z.L^QTNEYP2(&=
:*J2TP8)*C/#.TG+1ZJI.

M8;M8Y9?//6KES


+2/MB7W[Q?9XMEE?3FWOJZ]OW^7R<SU<1^_C^KW=-CLQ0E9\9

$QX(*)1Q'6A924Z1<]6S):/ ^UHZQJ\R8



M/7T#59AOJM&C*/:F@ 8O3C.H-+!Z\ !Z
7[?ID'JYS+?YC+!=L ?%MGU='WL


MU=_'LWR937[].3XNN_]E/E]%OKM9EE[QZ\_+[.O=.=D+R&M(A+(
&.X58P!J


XQ
M$#@+.3'&(4DAV61+V.QM#



59YC5SV&M_

M]*.[][Q/02
IUTC?@1=Q-'=&_


MS0(

MH(RF%):WA

M2;?3ON;!



MIUOS8-93X=/5I 60*A)DN5@]($?\TU-BQ%^%C]DRI1_;Y*_;;V#L:16$4E@*
O#<<6^[P(3RW!
&&;*0





M;!B41


1E%T.'-$+ L)L1VI7/9BQ6T*\JQV'
MU#Q879'D^4?RF*N1O.OV=OYR5LKYSXJ:(GBQX(T0YPK$F==Y7:(Q ]S@+?.
M6Z)/R\AUQ:6+:
6/TKGVNWRY?(C0L0W*X4X!(PB)H9()SHS&
N[H4$E5J1Z
MQJG6KD&TQ(_&,.J*7_
^QR0N.7(AZFIGQBS5'X73T):42F9[*5MGBN'8E8G=_


OI9#I:
3O_EBU76?9 ''W[O''1[-35GB9?$QC!!@G@!#1(/08$ ^W:!+J





MJ0SB\7SF1SL%$H4'AB+J%#



_Q%6@)

M06CMLZ5QV*K;FG%0^=V@BK*XR]%\DEQLTV7:9!VL@7ZZ9R $


MCRPI)/)


^V\WM/@DSFLVRB;YUH_'5X[;'*%;WV<$J1JW$A@E%(8Q0 2H+S*@#
MU7,%BY=&N(ZA[&PE??]'%L7'S0+7GI#E;50A&%BF8A*':1@E!1W8:2+XP4
M-5#I2K\?1K?7=V'XI:SI,MVB)A(@1$$F$8KD .GHXD8IU9CM7*\QAUQ\
((





=I$DE./+9F![G!
MD'69(^2L

@M=<5N;XBGATZT/N(!]/


E0 H(3I





.-:SN'&XM

U$.;[3VAF+I


'Z\_5H.1VK

-UQ3&9N;.R=C'V\=3*3T

M6@29
R-:+

6GB];HX





M#M/SL!JTP_2@I/JV1#*&$KT#DL +I*!D!&LK







W@HO




M?*U0.3; 2]RM





M_
4AJZN99\$$]1+J[_+E<I:/UXR;@U8A;A21P%1&

A 0QG63M-
M%B+YP&
2*VEEOV9KX?&R=3S(1;Q[U?9TQ+]_0MO
6'%2BQ/?Q?QT%O\SGA)(
MG/R4

M54(1PYCD !AG;8&#4*YZCMW6#F.[XDI5C ;$E?BZ)F:6!\\)U!A.$231+ :6
MXN4T046E/#J-[E;.Z?MC^54:K(F.5B]8 M\4]/F1)_%3Y/5\FJ?CN?3+]-
M)^O1[

)3
\S-2 /Z/
:




MC!BI&DFRS[][\
GEIX74A
M[B*00<1*@Z4Q1AGA<%H<C@85LP%5E2+LBC#V#_HFYS _2EGK!C!V Q75Q

M


L45!8:D99(3:8WB2$AI


J?KYM#


]I))I




ML 

T;?U=PQ$M%4AP3


KH
MGM!QG

JE3(04@

*& RQ#[KW]HKZSVSZ]6J53=2W

='ZT]U-XI K!+..TM9.AR0RC M=E:@%-5C3%LKJ#?D



$76'Y2N9Q];#8\Z-$7O%7T!#\@Z=T





MC1;S).MRGR/PK/Y!L)2W2'% +97 (&14H0&-
*UQ+O.:SB;;Q'3P+HPSX]F&

.4?VT6KB(3;=WS9
PM-)3J9-QAP@IUFSK :N1

7\U^8O]OQ^^XQ'^OC^_?O?OF2W^7QRG8U6?QOG
MUV\VZMB/\WVJU9V72BV7Z^N[[8;-5J/I;/EXK-F/53:?)-?/FR[&]:12D)I/
M/B[7*AH=W^)6Z?@ !^Q-V)&W#1? _9?AH/!&2^*QY(9J3P%PED@!J*3.E\L



4




ME2?%CD88[*N'Z0W/ O[3?






.AKI#O)S&RT

MW.)FRW__$!^9+19E+YX=Z16L



B_S:-.VA]



A99!
M!X0S@(






M)
L/)HO[C?
M<"NZN#_;^_;FMS&D73?S\^8]YW!_;*Q<R)PG7&$I\MANV=CGQRBF7KK$KT

MH-U;=&G09:L=;(-29;DIKM_/)E]F\]F)NY;/:1Z@UR#*:34'0.#H.2B(]H
$
MJO;AR-[B2$

A#&




M:R2OQY)P6K0O$IP[G3*)JLM

G(_B)1HOWSE]L+[)DTWX(8@2&425C4U(Z=GY]+C



M?HP%NGUP!+Z%.&TJW 993



M494/@6#J Z6X=(AWKAKSFBW!N X\OJ2Y+-%QA'FA/&(95&6P
D!G60RUJ-



M )/57=*.DFJH




M$7%E:N=EQNZY


F


M1XO1[]Q_!)F7[0G77UY%[X3+C6HN)CZYBD5=7V]5-IE78^?=8C?*=O-S)7ZC
M-77QNX(S0EI %7%20ZN4Q


./'E&#+/0_&-

2-


8
M_(F R:;\AU[^-KF-?WP4##]I_YUN' #DT
:1A*@W&F*.62UUH.J9$[!-VU
M^9P??4'V1R'
.!V(






DJL'23X_
MEZ0Q


LQ
G@N6\ @(J_;QF8__(6Y9+0O7




; F5-3W
FVT7.*SK6)
&*%A
)4


]_J



E[E\;9^CW[+HW+@
E6.*GC


M'*CN!XCX62IJ[)#!H/V2G_
NC6X$2 %

DP_+CP
M+@T=C2$
XXHH


)9J+Z3FM@J+
 JA

M#L?&'(:.FGKN9B9#9-PY#4E#G A[2:2B$ENA.)41;[8#1F)C.R3N]QSB3*'L

MB-VU=3I3LAU$;X4 XS3XQJ#W(?/C5*O\N(.M J)62**@$8C&[XP6
JZG2F4(




MO94W2$Z %

R@&&
MA5$:8\4
T@3X6DYB.[B!O=7\34Z %


MT1N+D[[A1$4@&:GEI





RRM


M8 RG!E:Q;FT]U09A7





MD]0XJWT05@GCO&8


!VC+^6JU7#^:J^+?GL]3\:.'BH.?IL5B

M[\5T=C
KKH^N-HW/!^F


M!&]?

MY!H\&)=/A]?;Y

N-98:8\E


$[W9SVZBT)\\$QS&D
MG'M-1+0*B 4.UO










MWF5:1%)H[O//\FS-[9\-P$@&K2;622:T8I2P.CS .6;M-Z1[.3#=G^;:(I)$



M@JMJ

MY\.RO-Y

=B!8<;1/B*%'(
M J$\XG'QLYSN#V4KX&&'LI*OYQ:*UCE-.9WO;S?LKVDULCIQH$A0RQSI#H
MK*V'6.Z*J;R<:2-TQ1(J
T#MGXOD/U1#,J$V+4/!F&'^\^7)TT)/;/!HP

M'FL3*#844N]A-)DT 1QR66_%:4&[W!;X^F[V2(52MEV 1]T\'?=_\7 @&!/A

G8J4_Q%<6
MR^6NF/WID-#Q5H$[QD4T7X057C#@D-Q?\Z$QDB.L3]Q%6<_G^V3 Y6 :T6



M:Y)&8HRI\X1 81YD
U'05V(.=M-;V1]2;XL-X[8-1TH3+#;F_+Q7EVP8MG
M@Z  &\DD H H+R@5K*[S9:H[2\=G#G;4S8MLKVZ(Y-+R^W+Q=5TL;VWQ97W&





M:U



&0M%10C8^O#05X(WG[7


*4$RSM_
20
I








MN:_C6G9?&S^JX

8+6=V!9J\M;IL7R=33D9W
ND]&AU\2L
30
M&R;BL'*




M




M^K:8K/\\+6__L@7KT^;V=K*\N[KY-/NZF-W
IA&+W1&%RMPIY[-I7-OJ_S_M



M.5G2YHS6P1KKO$

M/M^+Z;JXMK








M!DJ\&E


M;%6ESD3(&@C4W##XN+A*#*34%%L/C(ZVW4Y:Y!GM4+_E;5
H*:PC3/7\K5A_



^'3HYDQI7R_4CXL2_/2=-_A\6);7F^GZ
M:KFK!WLDA'OLT0A8%11@R7V4')-&([\3V+0(PU=3&-3LNDZ+2T%[1\^.[


&(W7.3=JF.^XHLIQX1






%"BFVF/I8<B^HQ8JAH7JWC[B%5O62R][3;U#]\(-Y
_+
OOQ7)=

MN*WD

H\'C%(



M.:=B_!FM U



M^)6&'KK T[M*CP[79T\$KK1PUGO$G4;4B6BBLKK?G#L_SN! 2^R?:ZX3!J]'


NW3/_*'NKKO[:4';#Q;


C Q.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;.2]







I,G)O^7&SWS?3=_PG[X#;U[+_

MO!_V[YX4#F_O6


5AED8)YGG(1R!S/=#$L2]QB2E)%[MQQI'





ZURVO1P-;/3@S)AEQ\[JWC]5F-3[.3_#^
M7$^]_MM?\]TNK_8?ROR6_7S_V#V_JSB),N*Y49A%+ON?-&+_.TB*J8=$#R+



:J?E.E-_M@N

7Z7%8=UZPMV _PKMB4^^9CT13L
MR[ZN4!($



VBR:N3

X8;W/H)
M34D8(A=Z*6;:C(YGZ8JQW
KNY#G[VGD8!+:PK;E$P^





M=BV*8=


FY8Q9+8K4$J6AWK@U


M


M-$MHEH'$!WZ0(1RE@=_'RZ(@$9K]U(]BF4ZC-J?1/I]!S\UI-
UKI!R8CAX^
MV7??.+]WT@0!;\!#B27BLWFIMO9;W5.QU=Q3Z9];IFW$L@6LOS:31VWZ89+@



* GCP


WHW*2+

M N 



/24!EFGZI=#Y


M[J6



W1)F* D
M)#'(


M?&FXNS!8Z61R#DW:[NB R.LC(@I]-PTBXL$TP(E'@XP.$8
TDCKJ3R?.+#R
M]$$D[)LZB&Q89@I$WH) YF!2-;=Y8)(.A
!$*FYHP


F=.F=H%#$B0*7)*YBRMK=4K/5LR+/5IA
M+!&1^F#6DE]8#3)O[A:.65 M =%::EA6S6*W^Q2;:U8[[ME+PP2L(I!F(0V


M=

M=X%]+T1))-
%

MHB[6+CCGSL1;I6WH


MC(?GI-K.


V
4@8^\=\@
O




M%A:DME-'%=S&@H.D:C$\/B:

MN2&

B_%ZQ&Y'ELK9GAH.2L+#JGER')'SS2Y+
MGMLB@A5E*Q=&&/4\SL%&TQG).V[;
/V!=6Z$




H.G'FP=!?5#D:)P,ANQ[IH2AORP*0Z^:]:&
M]*Q=$H8T




DPB




MW5HYU)_*NW)&@:W!4


;]$D7=]?YKL?N5







M.(%$&R6Q#$!:R:RV_QQ+GU.\*_*F($7WOR?+0'#^4.[S[;@&Q(L3$J=N[
91


M@7


M$%:L70I8=Q[X((8@ $GB9\
Y=%&*O- (Z60SH.X$T6Z:)-R4Y5IQATT3
1
M






MJ2=U\XS1P)9I^*&NOKQCOW=O$GHZ/BM/#L]CL9GIX7&O;%_A+(B&YWV4FR#6





MANN_'\I=

E1N
/M/T
M./OYUYP/=-9WSD
O]LIY:$\?X&.?Q2!8CKTFBT&
N7-;K\3:020_.JR7.1[7

%5R6Q#)[:2*RV_A1+\G-7KXMBTU6_:=\6US?

Q0@?R0X3EVI&P!



.D5@+93R3:GA95+*T-ZGQEXAVFOJ6N&&5M


08RQU^:N9B!?I/O3[\!4J.




MERICJ\

MD\[I /;Z#K?T^
'ET/O%+$IEJ7B\7E8KY!2QRE=-(XW
M8=\

DK!D757A[$IO?H+B*
M Y!Z:9A%/@QB'\






AV'*
M_H23  P*$(V1;M]-






M/ PSY57(5D7-RLD7


]W4N[!%+KE(3\(D9[A;T\[L^3MMB22-N^RUX)
MQR1QL@T*

C\. \AGK]TD


Q

[GK'9]$)T7W



MJCGU'P(3

M?2Y=BJJOUIU.OF^/1+\MOI15Q8E8W[4_Z$+-6+6^77 SU)1&2^LB%=\?J/*R


M0?
F\&K:_F6 U'A6M=V'5N*8SG:\/2\WQ\L?
8H( 1@F:1!B+W43-QQ;;QX6




B@'.7+M/&F#Q-IS-KV1@^*@I'W3



M6:)P







7O$L@^H6\ZOG

M2N.A%^&R_X

4@




L


U







3S:=1K)7X





M6M8



MG#TFK

MVO%$X58M'V0;Y/[W?T@\U_L?MURUW&KX:(0&T2]7G( 7TL@%ZHTRGE0YN=


70H['TZ_B
M#

%NZ



MFL%DEB)UA'%7-5OAY_2L4.RY4931*(S\

?

M4L=;*M@[ 4RKI;4
BMI-\?EA;?;]5./MB^@K-_$R$&/(HI$H9
A/8X]'!1$E




EEK.L9[S


'8]&'()

M.1Q4A-[R(*?.-5V;EX4R[6S.T
N

M?




_L5^*-L5AB3. 4P2BAT R])LS3R

($T-;N6
7Q9NWY*9L=3/%.#V/CY(=?_X@O[OE3[+3/\K.R:-^Y70ZG=\[I3.3
M^*QC$SC5=WD93#20Q_


PCM* ID&(

MPOTO40_(YFRV$E!R7+0&^'\/^8X1;OM(RRJOUB5?\'M7[^Y;+:1LUMN:W\UW
MO$4JCE
OBKB=P

MY@0;;!7+

:O^MB(P8BW
*/32R$^(ER78

\RN&LYQ[-+



MY8Q9]GW MEO8Y\EG^8=

7=U]X:NX/])3(SNXMY &Q



M772]82EEL5K#IM^Z0R )A-BC4Y # A%"69WT=+*(9A/P2251N] 9WXL@/

7_=J*9R'8@9=S1?900A8)-DVQ;]I';5R^X9'

MD7


OPS4!0+A:&)S-XBHS'WU%MU

M^A3+H$=R 
RLNZK-OIF
-=$([*6VY_
?Q?;_?NDFX7D?I1J(!HICH80TDMJ;




C'!
VG;3#

MP- CD!(/NBB+6
BQ&94BJG*OIV0(*:BH7N?YI5WK
5SJV2Y0RZ='^(VZJ+-\
MQJB!II;-7'IBA&N07B

MHA3ZU L]%\
X[(
&0:(\








MGLF

MP3GYBU'.*.'KU9OV?H 5]#V41H$?9$Q+'$81@'&O !+@2BUV


);!3RN9G;WBQ+1[

/:97#
6#93K3]MET1Y

M)$&E8:48HN9Q40Y.B@9:(=19?R;8I._I
JAD((_:]-


V
G[/V3.!'W])EX
= 'K7IATT./]U:A4][UDODJZL^

M
L3



?3B.(E=DJ'8


M[1BM

2GX)4]4N)?9^*_7[;-E7YB=[W#WFY

MM0(#Y[59@X97SE%J=P7!*-8YJKT@%=]T4I2/YHID@:0TF-P4
TU[*#P\.(:Z




M*SKWJ@MAU2Q5&
6RX:;.R/W'-ZX$L3\:U2L0'7.2-7 9F-%+86K\2
T/\:-D

91$

M#;=C$QPJ#A?J')4J;M56LE.



8&$H2RF
(J BUP:1' (Q-?W2VWJD?]ZR]SI





79
2-


MDR10GEATH6F'EXY


^2182$\]#&(5E7QA=\H
M]EG^SGC94$)O4MJ]22]4R57N9=

METD*Z3FY% !I9G'FCF0]5V3&BC_W T6K) M=B
/

M\$%-^BOCN8KYJY  'QB!6%

M?LGY1G)^D



.5HEB!D%


V+2
'6IFZ0A
MQ!Z3A5 2

M\UP8! -$ LD3U5[Y^I &81HZB*?M]8@12)D(=#UPLBFH66VS?OJ_VNWAS6


M8P^5Y/5UA]NF^/N!P2K[]H18H4M8A B0&/LTBGS@ 4Q!E#&*A5GFBBX:4_Y^



Y4'C+^WTU7NA3$D*B(\C@D!&O&B($/BIT(U6*M\[WYLNM8E.
I/2IGI2CY)'%&BFV_U

M





M+3E$(^Z'X+,%2LDAV)NKB\U^C)D/S7B(NW0,G@H/OYR(IBYL+-DV)7%@VZ
MV?6G$+1\Z2
2F*?NB$_IC9&413[Z83) @]N7:)1AS;#9)6FH
DFR ZQ@FV
M/6;R3++1T=OEC+J&]L=%\#%ATE3#PXURT





U9T3PQ#




M3+:*&*?
/4G?_PCDDTU)BGU*?IFAWW4UC@^%(4(DPDD  &MI(NR#87P(^4AN
M^M943
L
A)MO[:V8^=Y9;^M&^MH_8]::@)T=5\WSCNF\T RQH'_*V)

M!$%5\I)CJ+)S9BA*V4
]+*5
$/11Z&*7!'[L 1J183@3NQ[TS4%4(NA
##T\

M948J%
(? 9$J:4D14MDWH3/PG\:^R1_;RS11\:6LJK+Z\JG\\4M=[;\V^1VC

#/X812EA?
M


M%B+.

MN^1JC4[/.^;Q?6N5?/O8S *#5WV96$V@Y^

M 5_%
#2OI7)(.G7S5)S3-J@N=2#E&WY-H




PWA75G_&^D.^CD
M1$;]1




!)!BVLI2$W2VQ%@66T#_J<!RZP



3H:49_T21

Z6AG4YIXFG=6I0UP^/9[=



*K6*E0MBZ4UB]<2$V\.:WJD1L9T5#S.0

.:E'\+L

M-^YFNQP6

3!PC=T$*1CN
G4@4V84JD+&&JGA3'MJIS*[
MB+]&ZR?3/MNMBJ;\-E7EL!CJM8N
G7^(BD0J(;DZ0]XKG4U:OU6'IM@

M;!@[G8'T$YIBX40LHK*123-!CT!(?H[MLRHL%R9/-W.O2EIF;NYRX%L6G'
M912 7





M#6-

/R7KL*-TY:G?H4'B]_*44
MDHF:;N;LE'S:1::9EWXMH'2=:/!
EER76DR3:&ZT[BO0G7IY^+^H=[EN\=N

M&@322&)5][RRK

M[=VNQ9_*:KT]-/R\+O:I_]N]8A1P\LU_')IN#JW]HI-Z7?H:KTL\$@*5^7*?



WP 1[


.YAEE!WO8SUJ




#/4NC$%$:T; /1&
 B6\B'_]

M

M?
L,-6JZ7:
M:Z\-KKWQVBCV'ZX^%56Q^UY4\00IHBF #.%)<UDQM

M
4;7 \BHGH%%-\O+?RZ_GIMY3\&WH2Y-3K5U$=00_O


M.JKG@/3 M
Z%1\\IG#.VC'5-K;?KZENQ^JDL5P\L8\$ %ZE(XQ1*U&RDT8.B
M)K%9VS07]CSKVH L^MI LY2U
70:RMI$3%K+VH'/%F HJO8\:SJJYH#SP%3-




U?T

'PWVBR'
]XXR1G\T[D6]?Q.G%#]!.I-J9AX5

M):P_C -2A.644RH;?)[G4RVD6K%FRT%6

M8XPDS@0= 20Y LML779NE2
^FX!Z E4J03J5.LVEIU@#(BKWC@73-MS$3X


MN_8G'%+)(F:9 HHG.50I(1!GL4I[W'D:QW 0[\_331O&@[80_
_F

_%;OFU&.8C'YLW
M5IH]]JM^CQT+D0N1



*

MSK:+[2SZDV]SSQ'X0/;!7QA
LYT:GCZZTR15UT/MS65=YP3Y2\M^8AE8WEX

E5KD#3U[-S J= @$F3KUOHGO/O

)TO+
M)T=TM-S(%4N@R '.*



+P2*9V:E9DV_\RB-I5PTM5JW?QBN3DV
M5CQV2^0X%2S/L!)FA')H))BP-QT6YWR6.PXI%.?@/U47_7[;D:7FY;B+?+

L[3G*.9+L3SG9XY^GCR8FSU:D^UG@V9QUSI9JB\



@6&05 .#_CI2[?F#
MJD]7:(W_

M#.



.JVG*A4!'



SK1O9M
M:)P#'B8K]LTB
W&QWYPEZ9\(25A








:

$ IB %A-
\83& 0X\@AEF6SM19QQ3F

&URS&.KT$^#S^T@4S(YS_PZ254'F^3.Q@? :7-F8GPUY5F


$= 2@&S!-!4H P)DS6 $68\%S$ULJB#%IUBB_YHT6GV;7'!
MIMZ

1-4!K6%



])S2[T4)C9@\


M/
.4I@03+ $A*(:UN7R8]-:_1:F.E-G\7
^=0+':+)H1=%Y=?+-CID&&1C



MTUI@Q8!I'7!8S^FK#I+ /.=8R@S%F*@L3B$?K#5-S6UJ E
;$RK$\H#-KD8P


N
MJ^TK6P;UEDXF(
]
:VQX\[(T\C0S9]91E(9QN+'6=*I\-KK-;T511D(
GC
=/6G_N%U?;6^Y,T[^YN6
I-.4O27 H4)Y!2J7 ZU%4*(H!
MQ
?.@F?E444]+I8;
XVQY$I/8/S39*8N YZ'^C++EL^3Y)P1EW%DAJ$L(WTH
M70XOP]O1S7R-;E?O:P8W__MVMZY6Z\N3W7#



M+5/=LN Y8/6R\49'PZQ9TE6R3T55U'_V6U^X40( 3S-.
YAG7'*F)!N
8*1B

I
I4RITQ
ECZP9;\AWA#U;

TYXRD





M ;R9N+EG7D_N9B7=3  /4*
#UHMH0-OM]#5XFWY.?6#^(HKN5W^]B#KXTPJD
M*;EG)--;G
(047_NE1.-=S.A_7!3[);-G;3W956=*GRU2$&29!P2A'/$64IR


E'

E7H:.1&+9FIX)+!!=:\D?)Y
M+RKW/#UG]
P!IV$HEPM'2N?CS4R-?MONBLORZW;]WZT
LF);7*WWU8*#C-8E
M9HISF:!FK4W2@_;)#!@M@-G:\*Q#I[#:U:\O/;!IOZ%GV#GS 8WE
XRO9[07


M(


M(



M8\HA3!

T0\CK\SE_
/K)'/&()P7RMM_
M=W@J[H%3*)89!TCR.I
F
@64\B3.DSC-Z\E0+@-[H7R4*Q-FM:K5PKY_\_)R
MO_Z^WM^%]M[XN'&AF03#]F*:R=-4[XWW?^) QOS9=M;HG\O.KV-8!I+-7PE9



MEIRF@


M $4@ A)B#'R_ CI@O8A:M-TBS(#73&_=\JVGL[-1;::O9UF.CEAG/)5@PN09


V'J[8 _U9N:LZK)I_L






1(41ZT?GB+ES.K^.!+#6




0$\NV-/;V)CQ+UH.
.I1=C_NA



MAXZ'OQ3[![]S.%T'








MAARRA Z
.I!0X^\+@DU=\]20BUY=JAG[\5NV)Y58O.@DA)

)^'L&-%5+N+PB_;3Q

MR)WQ:Z/O)Z?;%RE'*DYRS5*:S-40#LX2*2






M&8!&N\0C37G6L\

MBV2=I^J


MBJD/5KUJZ=P]*

M4FLFW8OI\7*W0B3%






Q;:)!W*/. ,[
M)FIY!EY]!*/

X9A





+1K -=YI)ESG30BF7ACIY@


M7.CW/ZVMT.WJ4_TM+3?RQTVQK8H%5X(F

]3I!*19ZK^SW!!C-8(I%G;4QL+
MG@N?!DQ4=%A
FYU:$::G'OZY

L8@0EC)


]_^9[YUA/E6:@VG-..8MF+ONJR=D9+G1





M4U@S5:)G*'KI(
Y(8L.H4)UX\M2A'?LZ$I2NTI5_7_%9O7;MB;L].7UP7:

M_VA^-1@4L1(QXS'/.(:$-$V$96^0I=*L'^4(
YZA,[KE@-8PA,J%(Z7S(6<F1;\7W]:7FX.1/,L !Q@F
M*J%9H@2B AR,$(E-Y,?P1WN6G &-F<B8TJ,G+!Z9,1.3 <A,\G&?AS.284E8
M&#)A[YT






$(*


$EER&8;DV((OG8PG
Q'ARZKI




)0



Q0;U5_61EZ9
M0-F3J2=/D_!H)DX'2.'

 Y.@;ZT#S/:^-8
D#R



#37KXL/:U'_?.IJL2BNBMVN6/%OR]W7

S$8Q0DU.AP[TI1G?1W011^NZE\TKU:US37-='4L
MFWH*.B&19EIYX+!'%HX@GJ?LC/0YXCH
D7/E3.EE/!J\DO7KOO[!?U_N=LNF

MK :/.+GD][RFS4FMF;@]PZJ5QOEEW.#MK)F8MWM RV4$]![2TJ?GB13BB^



JF=E

MN8]#& +HP:^'MW ]


M8D?_1/3U]7K?5AS-Y9.R[6%2U-7(8P!IFO


M1@/8^?72C

M8Y$G7


^[HJ;Y7HE?]P4V\.4_%'Q


MHY
W;N@U.'




M+Y(T5XB0F*%8Q+D$

MC7=&VQ:6'\NZPBWVZ_X$Z8EYQ7(N*$E@# !/.&(L&;J.T!@!HP
!SHSZWNBZ
-73T1GH=9PR;B#V)::+<CH/LJ6Y8#FZ[J4




G#WL8
M*6 .QY_H:3P+][IIY)?BSY

M5BG)4Z-KI

M\G^6[7$W931,_+M+3AAB+0_]\J)!KGAZO'MEVJ]6B]W=Q]V31O5_=W/Q?Y;
MN6K:35?[HFCZWW^X:ON9L+O'?WCX8Y^;)SP6*19S6.,88$J33.5)AR@%1


M\Z38/.'67





S*M9MXTV**;^F-M);$5
MQU6YV2QWU?%W[772D%]C3?1'[2C]:V%I=(WP+73WZ-$3-3M&@Q



MCG


Y0II+.^&$QF$&:]&W

IJ28_V;T =;'W?]R^(M

M+Z.;^B]\6U:&CU]
$!U-B0XJ



4NHP FI?T6
RO)M9F<P!/8?:BXCY#<89!!'Y
')*&%24

\&V8\^+'C_'SADM'4UH&#HXWHW2\4 ;
MKS^BO%ZNMPN&F11IF@F&$P  !#CGO4&4


M[YJ!.([D3_NJZ*Z\*7;[NX_U^-W7.)HG4F\:H[]5Q=7MYOWZJEC@/$8$)T@R
2\S#DSJE'#R_G.F=+NT'&Y;=B
M==N^SM<KJMG?D73A/NFV%;MY(\V\ONUU=B*W1W_3'^=F/ZYW*VZ.R-9*C&
M#'  :[D%&95UM9H1'$.2J;


S&O
MFWD^%=5^MVY6N-J&%/TF&T$*D3BFB*

-H#$.^1OI0NAQ8%AW?SHG=<UIW


*&I
MT26GP*![SD0GS8R[WM/UK\:5TX'QYSL7S1_UB?/61=2Y')WX'+5.1_O:ZZAW
M^R(Z.'ZO978WROYHR(AZ-EY+]K
*M8]
Z7?







MBADD




%-*P31)N
()Y$S&



MZ?]W*U\

HP23.:1JS
ME


5M7M


MYC)(L,P)0#A0B6$J6




X@RAG/ 8Y1QDA

$3].@QAE:S_EQP!+=K8O-\V\\A!K*
M&1.CMRB&EQ8/@^2-),73T$V=$JV&S1M.B'9\3)$.1T1*-QF^VWZOD92[NV-S
MW,_%CSVK6?_G(A,R31,52Z9BKI1,.)$B$R03*<,Y,YKIG3449ZE$*A8,\=JU
M.L?7B9Y F4G$ <@3WR=!!VSKXOD^EQ[8TTL=DQ%GIOH'6=MRJ



MUUB_E9MZ4!EJU@A^]01K&FK-U&K =
+J?%KU+$%GA&H\J6&HE 
_2M?#S4R?
M/A6U)-X6JG9MZ+_[]_7^&[^M]N5UL9

M

MW=NC/VO T8XF4[WF*,!=%2CGE;\+&@](XL^@Q2&8'KUL)QNR)N)[$^[N@3Z
MNNOUOL%(TF294SAE
DIWAJ6SDS<7[(9163GRY=&$S!U#VL=CBDW];[_^5&R+W7)36Z:K
MZ_5VW;R=LE]_+P;CG4(*Y4GBL<Y@2SC@ S&14Z5T1D7-R8]UB/\B+ZVN%L
M/[[E/:266N:*<CU1FX%M,W4[$/W3='W0<XC='K
G3O/X9;Z
*3/M5
/3U;X
MX

MJ1TQV9=G%L1I5V5^.3
NQD[HZO%
7H$]8N1\X65/8!BB

M3='HUO9KKUO50N02 HJIHK 6+Y0045OM[:A8Y2;+V^8_W?
B]^?FKT3E 
M2


M@'()
IB)'





?[3


M]# JKZ(_E[NVV_!FP#[M1SP9\6?D(;S@AR$\ ?)2AO[96DS;?BFWY?V)XJ#0

YDZ1


MAG



L4HI2.+X\&5AE!J]#FYMQ'-V
M:#Z KD]&?WKG^()EM#QMD7;9M4BK3EJD/7_09Y(.7QKG5D:S'L:W--Z-%]I[

M_7-G-FE^W%;P(FHQS2LW+00#K3&C
4RA


M)3-
NV#&3(?ZD19K%)-)GM1E1PQE+J7*!HL2PMQ<
MANSL3-#W$:&+(DSD2'_G%G)$ ]*AIXDZ449&D=M2#(TTI


MT\J=)GUGI
]U 

0_V$X):=M,C[XP$.F8_#%T[53I

MHQMU(\Q
+5MCU]/&




MD9YP61

:DP





:9A)E1-QB'=CTKB5KO
MJGU$M]OU]_HO+W?//[WLGV$]H9F+7#
9:E'^[4L#

MBZC'&M5@YVHMHT_D&27S$8XP=

M
URTR[S$5#/Y#&J)_:R_@5G.6XMU
;5E1'




KI




4$=
/3BG)%9LF!]D

M&$^KG@+-Q*B9


ULP48/&:O?(D6]Q.N/(+.4J\^-%_VX1\

MF9A#

%(+J$R6ODQ_-'3*8'5+
^4*#
U\

T3^5P






T4XLFKI*.?S1@Y\;1?I^U]G;1


MN[*J%A0Y@HZ X0E$M(:898?D'*5FMT.GP.AB0Q:W2OOA*KL$$9?VYYRJ^@O
MZVV_A/375[+6_3S'/E:['43TE:]WNV# U8JWLV@XTZK*.K?B_77;_5G1^LO
MN!9@^:/6XG55?-RM+XM%)BB62@J((

[].IS%:1RI?ZO]H0L*%!(IXP)Q)HA"6'#4[^$<Z1_
MK#UL-WROI@V'UJR4]=6-9_K:\$-A\E7W@YGW@\41T'44/T.GJ(NIXB.JA




M9%4@*


DM&&MT




M:HR




A'/
!![UM[?MKL#+@?B&P9G





M4AZ\/G90MILDSQ^-


=YS!!329P3

2#KUCK%

C=Y]K!:YJ
M;:RE]%/]FPM $D(%($C$6*9-5XQ#(PPN#8_TC['C6:34^D?;#K3^J_5L(=K5
MD
'?@K=<OLR3S/!8])3C(H





MWVM3ASO5RP.^OIJ*EKT#TVRR.PJKSU
9TT=T\H
8]UQLAL71R:%#^PMM!\
;
M$E



M;'8_SQ_*69+&84*D+)CZ)X\(P2GKP\1A'ND
K8T?[GD\?- 4/(L*&E5Z@QUS

X1N. '5K!N;PMV\BM'+XV^2?!N)$HVF_U\_:E\K+:[

MO+.F000DPN3.$?@@DE8P;J]2=C)KQR]-'3:#=0V[%W%RJ-FAP.-5RA2:8&
MVF&4)5'O1YAF*=0HP '&

M

0_VD@4]H

.I!:A UYH]A

MQY21)%1##QDG
NOCY$6.H&T;]O2Q&GFW:=D!5P[[](FG[#]\?+T %T4;DT

')5+^;K_UW.MWTHF=*


M;678HKN]E=@7H7+X*L%'(

QIS(G
F/'L0[+M3*);)X_
MUBCDM&FTRN#C$# Z_9&(3VJ&8Q%]8Y'(Z] 7!F/F&*[O8U8E^#,F,2.!MQ$
M^JOUFU@)S03N2PR1HHD3)%






M)1
DSN)C-!X!IT)F


M(9R*N5B6XHW)N*B;S:?'^;K-=W7JTU9US.2$(*B)!)9+HLTI$7C].C(HZT
MEW1-GCV.N;2:@EX4U%. M'2]Q!\H(P_19.3..EZ4?] RS$A-Q2H
U;^Q!L*
M@''('\^)K]UQTKQ@0]%@3.N9D



M4MYDPQT&2*R ;L
8!ADIOZ
[87)4%QSD@=









M)2/^MX7?P+;F%


EIM!^'O1P

%

MLERJ%Z;N_O5^M2FC6504:I818R9)$F4T3K/\N*29
@D\A&8289P5B$[27?^+



TQP5

&]%#/5M*.Z!LQ










DU-PPC$(FXBSF$6)Q\^4)2D.2


MA#)

!=-
]C@P^[[^4V* ^B[H)-N?M7O;& 0YYZ3C0N2I@G


TRB
U]XI#611






M%1# -H;OB:T3U];%.J)[/^
6[ !Z2G[J$EQM,S0F).NHWTJZ]UVM5#^78?

MZ^O:V5_F=; X_'FY_MLP&-6&^\

91F-*=Y0;B:K= D
M3V08(01:#;&*Y'LIY@N:-3]M-H$G3[@\H<=3LVUC]%( A<^+D*\D=4
@AI:




MI$ D[B3@




M6ZISDEJ; J]]O9GIO*OK?;GD^ZU2\[&UG_\U7^_+0\Y%O:HVU?U)_L5)HF:Y


MJJDU3
! Z5.Y6
_K^O@=^[JZ/Q9A5RFU#_.-BGTZ/9XQ6M#V\W.(QY10*56]
M]3)$'&GE?GD+[GE8\^YDQ-)?G7$X4?)R%/)ZT'-F4'-U46FDVM(8AMRZHJ ;

_.?H

+/&1WU




MNS4_TSJ8P

#U*D4F60^8@
M7@1

UO?KW:JU0UV_/O80BC'@6HY3G.<D0R'MUR 1
M9V%L=S[/+K;WW

M3
-'O97NZI$]EQ1U/?3MX$OFE$F


XSH5DB(8)


:6WO+J2
TE32+E6*11$@M)(I9)
M2GA_A;FDH2=_TJ^7

MQ:HNJ_ONIO5Z%N.TB-

8
MWG



=WK%O.[:KSX_RIO8&8
M-%.D;V7SZ[O@F&%^7VT#5M6[X*0
8W_EU&]E#'0JDWD/IM$'30?'F\^U3D48



%W#O2;[VIJT


?GZ%+3R


D6.'3

]\L5G.%=*



MX#24&:

ISB(HT)RGJIL8#=

MJJ]












RH/&0UY5


;U) UH U;E$ODT'
QI

\KC.TV

MFB^#-7URV0N\:_)?QNZ
+\
:[(4=


=-94
\#BA.=:MY:


M(3W+
L4Z.9
R+LAE6[)C \WT^CA_:G(T^I7;+$





[:%



M@NBD_

]G)QM?GVI=P^\/+K\0Q-3D@H:28EC;B




MC5*M+M[3&?

K!LPLUT3],I,ON]S%MO8((V+K793<-:; IP=:,2R,+
M0I[34H^;HI3$!%.!J[&V@E&B6\CQF&26:8+&$0R7<RF1H@'3IK)QD3)BC!
M!N.9HH77/N;0NK$6TYZ)F3!=W)^9%.6R]9D30@Z07^O)J(?[@^7FLR:JYYC




MV(\]WVE8D(-RG#LM[(#

NPCSN


[


M'H^W!]6-1

D&\((7

M1-D9P2G
BMT5IO+REL'&HU_*A\=J.]\^':Y@ZC]T11Z:^PK(;K==?=WOVJ\*
M5Q_GAR
.OB&!/5WZ H8;Q@G!_'Q0AV*:W[Z+?K%



]6]3'E\.'N^!Q
MO@U^-
$WH^9OO2H 9VZMYTMWA[]WP;L6



MXWRU?+?I4CEFLA (84%%,HHDFE&:']7%L0!5FC:0S/#ODL*V@^T_C3:M-?


M&N9IFP4;I1FM3U.0%Y=WI]LE#ZLVYZE&] 8.HU8&;-AP_OMFT_JHV81.2,[
M#5MS5QS@Q\N G/37G.O=A_O/\W59_[U=Q)R%J8SB0@I!V6L!&=41$+]
\DX

M(V^YO^$QN1KRFX:GF*A_\VBK!T)_362NE0_^UTY%2]_E.NJO5)!'*Z8[R)G
M$F'$DYAN$AC)E

M=-%D&.N-[$D#VNZB3ODT[ PIR5ZLW+BFA;LD_;_7JZ7LMHVKOISM?LXWRJ+
MY:OZL:KGZ[]MJ_WC\;[EN",%1(7,0NS),ICE'4B*,8QZ (=QZ%]+Q&W:H/O
M2NY/]]7V)R4/^H$TQZ@U]ZYN1QFXI74 _.^G@)LCP;LF-;(=K/6@U;QK;Y(
M N(YM!'FIV*F89:^O=ZV\PG0_/5Y^;\K1*P6%?U?EM^*?_8407GMYG .GB



X-D_W
MPIX#
[158$=R&GYD6X@W5\

_5O6
%HQ&



M*1:Q.,N7E)PHG49C'V4VSC/09R]]^BB-'8?#Q2=^,\U@&,YT$$'S(. 3?K



)-'TRA37L(R-P B[.


AY9Z
MP#P=+WP+92A/P(;A-!:S[(KPYNB@-0]35^G&LU$2I[S A$8%2W$LTB+)^F!I
MGH-R-PU#C.\L1CMTI@#-W


8BE)F$N11WTT+@M03H!I#

M
F-0@[G

$ZS?KS;ENUWY4
^0S+
X




O*(T*
ME$4X9 6G!2GC&
J:(I$$H
.E]A'\^QCG:*@;B59.9@)2B
'\TS1UL%ZI =]

FI3I^93V %[*2
YY,R$D7.<9&&$4]1E$HU*.O%87DL'M03(.
[B[&RTWF'(UL
FSNKO@H&_LR=DPK<&YF2/0T[ L=\5Y
M
S-SRDD[1: +]^'KNMLFG'%)XCB3880II9*RD!2L#R0QUCH[8_%XSS9%OBE[



M5).6?7E8





M
EP O WPU)'

M*!)

MHY.&6:T3R)X^UWT=W

M]$
C9MHG.4X#K;;E8K=^^E(I2;6:*VR[H:B*RR/)
S6]E@E&
@DY[D*G
@MA




#?LO:_1'%Q:V#L*
M#WKE@9)^%[3B)U$Y@-WI2522V4ZVQ\K2V_PV97=IH]Q[74Q@4]U_&:LQWVY
M]]?.)%2_NZCVF]V

6A

[MUFM5O-


MS9[7
0]*/MR39?78]A[+_]C7[4VYW=B?%AF/XD0D69YGI& 
9?W87X0HT_J$






*
W!BCE^W? 48#.[PNR$YC



MW47*N(@Y3UDS

 @CEM*RA0

M2$I5M5C@O%#6GDEV#A%JI5TXR







4

MWG


\944AJ.0L36C.
M(YG$M(]3)$1_]=CHZ9X-Y* IZ$4!UCC-6&FL$'O'!+.
5X1
EH/-4 %6@;TC
M
&8?;@;C\2<U&<_?P6!+1\I+RV^M(W3)*&A8Q8BPDA&8B%JA /.]CJ7FE

M\04&Y@_-70Z_?+[11V=.$ SLG)B FL:6B9'RROXUT1])_'W^']6V__1I?3AN










JI^9EJ<JWYFQ4G7SS[/UV7]J?Q1;O;E


+
YR^U6
MAG.)SY#I6#.=B/'8E^.U^3@BHSU36\_K^L/]/^;;[7RS^[#]M/KV??=^M2G?
M[
A
YHHCUESSP(D1:1RX=A?(]2VO4!=5]T.E3+T_0*@Q^
M;30&K4CH-

ML*:55;VTH.ZT 2^7

(1YU#.^HZK@\S5\?FZAN41GP)3LB4[#CQR4



M5;UKKH0L0L&S**&8YJ$
'[JWJPWT
MKGNUZ'ZGQC[_N]Q]5*_7C#$<9A*K]R%EE/*$4](OK$M48,EANYB^AYK+!;;



M4.J'&\+3&!N[*LR%0^!.&!D?
_I8;IO?F'\KHUF816FA!N22Y AAGB$LTSYD




=ZP$M'JL1I^.Y8A:UNTE

C#NE02LU.%%V%_3T3W[S
MFOF.0!^PLW/+6C#;WG%;&WH[/$!*E[9Y?

MLS);]?_6.V^G_Z561JQ2 HE)4I$0F+)29CTJAGH'F&;RW^%U_K_;H]-79?



M'L+ZSMYL5'F9=)AB-I]RC$#8F1
?N/N8;IARMY]LC
#?^50#7 ]6$XWSA(#3
M#$O
TYUDV!9




 Q9JBW

&UL[+UI=QLYEB;\?7Y%3L[GK,2^].F:.5AK/..T]-K.
MJIGY@D.+(8M=%$/-Q;;ZU[\ Q: V+D$B(ABB^^1BF0) W.<^ XN+B[^]7_\

MM]_^C_[X_A=;7BUNB\G\%S
M!O-B^
OWT?SFEW\

M;?#;;P^5?EG^
!Y-_ODOZ7]?!K/BEQ^ST;_
KFZ*V\'[\FHP7W[WS7Q^]R^_

M.)DMO[O&EU3%?[PJ_QTO2T


MTN;^WKPNVTI':JMT:Y4&N_4M3FGEM


AG@Y^30OK_YY4XZ'Q71O;X]IZR2'&J


M3LN[8CJ_OXS;Q7D$UOW[8G17QT^PMV+[73QTICNXH?9%^+2XO1U
[R^NMY;(






8N+

MDTPXNZ+









4*S

M6=JY(.VJ%A1TCABC%;0 QW^C@+B2%&JBS]&&R=Y6-8AH5]QY

*@7-D*
(J_H=)G)SCM%YM&ICT



M+BFFL

M



MD3+YH'87/7$W2FZ0] ;EQ9?QZK7&&A/.[HH1.1A%T\1J8#SA6!A1A2$*HES.






M=2!GZ]YO1V&#[&D*W?T





MH(R8
R


M'+NXAT[;QLG3!*C=DJ?)I\N$HQ:D70
T3



54KX'
M64J









.B+$B%:W! 8

S:U/4?H\GH=G&[4]O/R@05=UF
M8LL@8=&







(G%@2T$ZIX@PTOB(N?$* HPJ/#0'


MEXX'*J(_)'PWB4.HF

K3


-1
M






.
]J](9O9)8ALC2O'


M6





M!^.M@I1SS#RTG/CX3^5[5%'BG P+/;2P6O*(-0'M(VU.EAYZ-*^FSY\R&;3D







K(]F%%FV




R^GU
M?8W76+97LC'!9U 0@ 31BC#




8336N]T7.(9= ( )C%RC*JX&SYVM!_
MYA\&MYO6\VU% V$8$.6]-/'_T7Y1E)E*$ S$F:36RE!@V2B ]6R^@UE0#1@U

+!LR06R;$?%+]K$@
M%@G64R04  Z*RSW4@*_ZC33R)R)OZEAS1\.7,O:OBRFHW+H)D.[.1?QUK)!
MN9



MMMH+Y;E9SW)&Y+PR=_B5I)[SH1D

F-D@0DKT)E
MYC)LI[HJ/\DT9NDQ/$HMD2*A^WMN\E5.8T6[/H(MS I-?[TWI3#W9Z%G34#
MA8PSY:RU&!FM16PXCUWP.9L



M/'A6


M[ \'K-'

GZ 7'3Y)3CR@)MD]?M80(T

M&9&
0HZ^%78P'VQ_A7!?E:QH0(R120P!F@+:AV3-8YE!


?[X:Q


MW8^KF\'D:['CEL2FHL%2IJV7%&#%$76TXK(:BG.7=GT=FY&QM L%6K0 V'
M416SU1_O1Y

M/UY




Y%I2]_LR!7'?E)/=H0LOBP5L

MX(3O
CWO\*XANJ=&





NZYFA'ATZM6'H-(5I9[QY[&4*R[VX7J:%




9H M7.[V/W[XB&&]:Z<I%C$NK;QIGH!&V6M5A33= \4F%HA9]T

M2

X.O(=LR=3KRSU5
M)IIM1DM]3(D:=D3*K7\?K
8$*+BXHF-ME#(]4&N-#KF*E'B0^:CI([%K_6

MB]N=VGY6)@#EM6
:4 $)HYA03U#5]_C!F=@%1VNL; :W5G4^^+%?YT_+! FM
M-A!['S?8/#U#CM81@G&6@UDY[LY
YQFX=67I/5^[/A;#XO;N
?__GHWF_LIQ
M'126(
4A%DI:3*+(OI+:1?








+ZH<_)_DZ]WD&=7=49E@R1!R6
M!#//A2665)*:*F=EW.V:?XT.UIC)UHGQ51B
5DWY-6FZH$)F2$S &@-2+4

9@;BLA;OI]67 \6XZ==

*UC



E_XO






MQE[]=N ]_=RT?$1@F#DQO6PD$.T5\PXZYK T4BM#^-JEQU36K'3&_O[6D3X-
MW_:XIUX7#M0!084&0#-C#!3 5ZG&$/;$9/D+?@*/?#:B?7!J'NG0#!)CC)C3



VZFM+[Y9

SHD(



GBX
M$1I%'



1$(QS'[=?D#%FK:')
MN:DX(]37?RFDS7=/^V?IS+
D\3XU(P**#75DB=


F?F*GAW
MF
L1@'8VZV?F829609,A(@Q #7TA*E**J_RXA#Z29.C];H_#_-A8)Z&(L?E
M8:9&2NRB(%Y2)#31!-B59,(!FV-3]I F.:JMDX?Y,#2[XDD[.7@Q,$@AIRG7
M&D-%#3^DA40?68/DN2I^Z 


M%4YRIG1H&-.CF=!P_EU&D566DTD,+.K43@JM?





M]R%I90Z#MCL2-94#W@*CI5)^^3R'\TXC6PTZ%?=ZW;Q:(Q^H
:(@<?I*/ \*PTL6\H'+P)OAP-:H?A'DLC
M_^W'=0 DG($*:

[D
M7

M!0

S.EO2
M^LLY+!_HSF:OM?R?TDV4.*QF?]X-!_,BEF= [N54K?KI@%ESI8%QBCCK:4

MH5002F$II'!()A
_L.K63Q^I'+N(/0PMJO!Y2P?S([(L#60:V.YP(3RW!,&
M&;*0,
ET94

@/9
M+6D-Z+T.DX[&M[L$ +



QQ&3A[SO
M\UT4VE(C&$14! RG]RO2I5GGU'J4.()R+/:WXBK(YT\SX!Z=CFD[?3^4\T^+
M+_]67

MZ0+R[L/7'V_.F/+VKIRD(+J+ZW6!*$DQF9UA;#M6C

)4




MYF
S*NB:@

M=$W)XUFX=0A:H PFP!K@



3H
M](\ -N_-!W'!T






ZMR=A[.T]=M!T(X2.7P($A= +




L)H2
M+@6)-EJ5_\:*9[GN!OE3\W/]I3P]B[\,J$@8B29'41$(9&I7OR*\F&6=4$+
MO*UCLFR694%[RN.Q+1EMS^]$SF 
$)4)D5XR:B%E!NO%$;




MVUS_5+KKXY2W-AS:5.G;LTZ$4@9Y803@P'JMM7!X)9_P)NL@YN#3Z ?KQ$V&

$X5E@[!9U1FOD(8F?0G3X-5ZCYZLF+/4



DDD

M^
O





HV


A/?H^^Z=TNCB






G2H?
M.I6M997-0:3E.WO=C2;;8EHJ5DS$()9NF*!7!P[4A %H:ADB+-RCBN\AU%O
M#=.F'9/)TKJP\
Z:Q=ITW*YN@N]^CBE7$EY(;?SI6X#@5EA4TR^=H!9:K5'

=3W;G!U\[SL+GKFMAVL
M8M1*;)A0%



GOE[7_/#% FNMTTLH4%!C+/:$
M.X+B'(D,\O5(%J6=94X;]^=MHWE V0&2!B%H4@;'9<#1U4E'X@_CP#MK:F
MMPW8#%R[LLT^%E'8Q=5\49D:C)
#P%-OQ5[@NWWU P::RPICF8*DIQX;(VG

M(..V1GE;R:B1/[


?Q;

) G9F


M(

L,[,,\HFUU2PX
M@3:ZVDJY6L!\2OWA!

L5PQ817D AG62HDD4)DQ4MW#]FG8H(97
J
MZ/3:@A[



4^4KLG5NIIM/=&^/_P%'1[

] YN369-(PH
M):



MCU;1VW2Y.@JI-5H*;+EW.MV1LE%&3Y5GR(*?8G-TC
IKNT\/ _AMNT\!H\YS
M: V!%E)

_A8#=X9KRI6R
MPF)%B<\EVE@)@SB2GNAH2-PWWB^6^;/(?/@-M:IHCR)CSC#)
67J2'O@*

M8#WK*]
MK=Z.V=8.O#WTO)PXOTZCKA1-!.?1^'
F)Q63%\I0MOK3[A&QB/





$794&4T





M/+-%U-75Z&'8%7?C8JG


MF/?%8%:DN/IWMW?3\MO#TPQ[)YL=M0*CPFFE#2*:(NI%G)G!2DYE.



NOAL^UM$JXMS+OBG5]
)Z/Y8BF '_U(/^TGVO9*P0)O@3;

M

^%8''@KQ T0&9E

IUR





MY%DAMNQ:OYV=G\Q&L[AS3]_-[LOYP^
.OJW T&(-./)-P7D.# 1(8(-CNZ6
M]!0!#G1T]JD@9ZRJU4A)FU6AW0L4

+ZG2WF'^?C(O%Q_*)RWLK .P:
M%
TX8X13CGKH:60G4;+F:'2MQ)5=WLZ%M\X8G@M6ZV!D-
WO)TT+_;.G@I80



MUYP'F B6W&],#_CTK9.*%G-(PGF:UR%BZ9C\UV/!V\%QM9R@SCN:XI
M
SYI(1M@LEC&A2R5U;E M GOS+[417

MA]?6YH'1 _*

M:/
6C\]]&OVHFGI%%D5Y1J-X_G.=TQN)'E=GYN4ZR%=;*8VV86]?#2K:0A))

MU#%2W9Y'S





M04:19%A8Y(1!





A#IL*=$
M:Z(!D0A&7Q[4]'J$KJS30R](:



ZA0(\T4N!M4K79 6*H UF_N;+=#6?S'F_Z0E]8']K&!6$H82CJH2N
M @9+S#4B-9T&LQ0$#3*FV-OZX[;9T;5P;VMN4


MBY
N])[&\0'X@'^V*


SY(





YL&NT@1P1R-W@]W&F C&
7.22@00T[%GPPA!VJW:%64
M[.S+8X]Y_?

U'RI
*2ESAPM46

)#.;6$TPMM34=CJB4X^ !

71P3WKQ7(A^J([6)#(0$ L9UD[3FA8B^96=Z)XDQ=U(.(E_
MV2SDW5JR5H.H*5&;;F;%X62H]F\))&J4$@9@S!%@AAO#P,?,".7MG-N1,Q
M\-H[HV_P\'9I[_+#GV?4NP CFKA*&





MQA2%Q@''A&0*
PAQ/6
A4[<VS56H7
M4DAB+IQ1D%+(/*]I\M'$NZXLR?/')E


MA=(*HYH+$*



M4 Z$U\K4;C0&
*VYT@ATZ&@7R?)3

1!H)R
M2HD57FUUBR1=G6
#!






$4# 3Q;CT?0_B]'^



M_)%XK$CS;C:.M$Z^%]5
FAW

M!PB[PG]'HCO9+G@JX+MGXI]_OJGQ^VSBY;VZNYM40T;3UR1\*.95)'V?5='_
MEP




N&Y-%

MM8*E

T7259
MBAFF%[2+ICM7BCIL6=4LGH'MNE@E[.5

PSF.PL\=X
MQIMO!:4
Y1J;RES73&



&ZOBNBL$-)K2Q^)QX
4(19E:0IFJ+W1%/6_]GT
M2+JM?+'%TVGS(0WI^GM!626L%4)65W6%\9Z*[0(D:5(4&_Y.1!B:_ :_@3RG
M]7&+A'UL&CL^$T!5RQD(XKG4CG@4.5M'/53T^I(TX1(KRPQPHT@76[:B(=
U

H/

M]9-W(D&8=:D.PI'T0 *-&*K#X!H0FW*I$/X^I+\8P5Z\FCV]Z7'0ZS#U6;:Q
M W
*1!L@:WN K%N




@]
HHC:NX
MBZGK9!M*3-(F]/O\O2\YY


F81(;6=83U@2670

_^E_O[60QGI:+U3S.[_FL


M6].L7#M*MK3DQ@'?V-C%]U5PF?5K
*61W

:[66
MO\%&

RX@ ;A1
MD@)5\5TAC90P*9O, $.NU[#)=+(BU8@._D^N8M6^3G4Y_FW@]+2
Z0M1()!




M$766.PL(\8Q%0QP!B2V1 D2I2^!:78#O::'LJE5*TX+873L6[ 2C&AE$H22(
M*

P8





^J77Y$&%\=D
T
MN\@&#_3V549OR^G4E_-JT%GN/.R:2



K:2



N#4)]VZ.OKBZ:-KZ&:_%7' $+A\
M-7RZN?:4RM
FV^Q


M7P&NN



M;HX


(()ARIPA%M4\]4K_O@


1@WW5DALDXS8F2IV

+U


.-7*1@_
I:
@X$XUWU1\\F
M]TO1Q\T6736


M64
UL

G3-Z$%4EZ(DP]HN-$0$(.*$5%!:9[AV
M6QX;!UA.4[_?0ZAJT17,KH4/7@67NC]#LB;;P6HH9244:$(4)*R7#MTRBK


(B@D5%RZGI 06*P
-J:.#6J.D%IW\MS8-6IB7HDQ'




M8H6BU!0'' +


MVFO


M&#WJ2.UZ 8H4OOK)7[-)E
VFO/ZI.U2GGPT&


MN%Y?.NNIV


;!Z'9@([D4
MF&C/4$V5 ?Y:07*Z=

EJ(Q ;9\%UA7,Z
M!T\73,UN$D<_MW@7_]C*%MX^'#SF4 DI--*:(X<@M[:FREET;=4G.C:3^5C



MGA9K(
SNU$


F^67XOY^\B]R*HJM6.V:#JLV?%T]

+1;%L\ET:QP5,F2)0*4A$\I R02K

M 6 $4.0@
\U%Y053


*TR=4U! P*FPI([84N]PRMG9 
M
# J@

M+4G*:CI SR9CF+$W&9P/B6H\+E=1SZ.6%Y/O!Q)LVPP/R@A)@&/6 0*]-#Y2


IL


8:@



M2




MB=O

MQ2I.OW@WBS
?33^L/D\GXYO[*

ME94P[!
D#=9;ER(X)PS7I5T?RMFZ/



7&


MV(:II

+@Q257


8_


MN_I$H%H#K[S@PD/.#- 2U 55C5$NR3S\?;AP!A'EOL:SZ6=34WBH[F/3L. H

GN/A]F;48$Q)[2FQ!-6






^TT4: 6J2.<IQ2'




@V'*@!6!Q

W$KI&1R
9LX;G']I-/Y0AF=]N SGH3;7.IO^T[

M

H;RZ*EXIU3G$JRY0 &*97$
MAIBNEVOQZYKQN:#W)D6AGKQ==_?;\.]F_F$TKTJQ;/[^*6K88C0^T.8[^=W!
M0J2E
4X9ZK' T4+VFQ -@LS+%+ .






#\Q(R@V)XC(8.$:Y M)1KHD@FEK1ZMRV9_H_

=





M[QL3N%




@U


T#






G
MW10YY9/2J-MWB[YZ
'8NB?
=%+ZM'G#J66'CFP)P %J.$;.J4X KJVE)$U
M(&65'&R4Z_'A5TR.EO^PA$[[MNEW@MM/$746J1E8XK)&J:H$HJ^7-!9X(=
MR?UUDD
BM[
6HWI!?6
+(KR
MOBZ#ON\8X\C7!%S5IF15@4S)H 0*LOK*\74);54O(BSLFX1ET$$70-LK07)



5

1890SSU5#I+'7=U
M7?1H

LAA0!!!WB!B)92UR4(-%4GE@7\?




6.B7[

M:;:UI?-V@TI(P+V.RRX5 &G.C5(;.A'7286H!PB=%$$?T6[P.*;F!4^GC4ZY


*ZG$G/L/


DKAK$X8-D$(@+VJJM 8I5V '

M40FCE^A






8*




MU
[(AV*^KEQ5.2_CZA1U
ETM&XO1'Q@9)&?&0HXI5Y03Q@#U!C##-+'1X4%)

M+CT3# KH0%Q_O90F*IOAT%IFI4FY@CW0VK&=@B\+U[
E_^ZI/A8GOK=JV=ER



'LZ
MXFVVBZV)M94==A!Y!S2F)M/#6FIHI%#;RR_2I=NH=K*Q_'TGP7S:JRFNJD

X0!&T5V 9 5546


$Z 3.[$OIR


MR?\T7F1H&!6PQ\1HY:*)8CA1D9&
U'16#86O:\OM&E==\?4
^/DPFM_


^]2-L^!QSD[Q5-'_
V%J]=]

MRCDQVB)'3$V)8RHECC[P4&@'3N'IC#R;:7T0'7M&!$-(]%Z5E282:;G$6L*:
G@TSSRXH'P.<9\.)XX2C#S%%ANK(2<2U90 5)J




IQ!0E0K'RH+E0=K3.QX/
357IB*$

MU%'%X;5=?TH6
M?4HOI.%CYD@1'\#+:2P](V0.5Y+8-R8@S+TRFL8=RSIG&?QGPV-T+D:G3#
MA\W1DCZ




MYVCI@JG9@F0/#Z/YSYO[CY
OL\G]9#R:+=5X7*ZJ?AU?/I33R?C998+L
;.W


MNUX_ 

AW5W7^M%FM/:.'+^?OB
M[V=


YZ94F@*/.Q


Q(5F4BI/#. &LE%S1W@0 K\!AC%ZV&SS
+WX:+RX$'YJ:\


$Q?)
MQ7SY;(&
?WN].
8?/144_S@N9J

M*80\P .0#C?:KEC:*SPVT_IKMOA6C?WD^)N[\;8^'R0SABA'%:(\2
-4C)
M_0\'&9<\8A$R%C*%;22'X@TU'BE[

@T=-I0

@-:@SB6^
PJ:SM^

M&0.8:RI(3:/PSQJ57P6&.I#UV^IZG7 V&WJB



M0-QI4VR

MZIPLL;(;OO4J\]&/PS)__DR0#FO%')=6Q7\(J@J0U'

D_@


]N-
MZ:J0EQXMBCM3/E0WGS:BFE=JL4Y)U#^?GODP^EG];$W8$W6SNP_3T:SJ0G^X
MM$

MFDV6B]N/?QT

ME[/_7HVFZ_/3]31NFK/A#P\*SJ%:?1]




M]33Y
)HO?Z[3CD?C%K=?&D:%N
DD_IY^MZ2<+5;3


/

X:HH3*W9[CA5GV3$O^T2&BO.:3BI2W6PY6?YL1,;N
MAP/24DM.!?,,,6\I],AL&4/]E16%[@@9G?#R9,O7EK/1].[3U_+AV^+0V?N

1]
V

MBP87

M%GFMN1$1ZGH+=9=T!7!@2T:*0


ML-K_BHX92SEZ&]!FT*_43^5F)U*/#[;7]F=/!\(-0DYQ1 34R NGU':NFOB4



VG


M\'3!U.PFSF-)Q*JB;SF+?]UW]Z35N.UH@Y%6U !0!D\9^Z3I71SB3Y3[]&

*ENV !WKH[D7';/V7S9


M\V6E0D=@Z.V@8#1PE#(
D+0$*4_BWE]38E(=L
-^[7%XB2^9LO!!@=P*_E
M-

%YXXQIKFDC)B'



ONL\:C:^_A81$(FRTFQ






MMJ#KW?=BOIPLX@KJ?GPK9HO& .N;AP.7T1=B2 J#'=!.17IP316$/*D:Q*\3

MKQ.
5']=#3_
T)WRFH L)4Y:BP7& 'BF-VD77*(H4FV]R$M OR_/MJ3NI

M53N=Y

9 RZX6L






0=??[

76




E:):$H8MH!)93J+B6[D^]2-IW'+G
MD9K/OOUQ\_

S7








M$

5M7E:[KIRP;3K0

MJ@D4BB$F-5160(FD9ZWRB?5L&-_XI:GO13SB]V^-K[.;Q6]5N:QJ&HP/_+M8
ME
)CDBQ/YMVD4J)^VH4JAWV545LP


VVR J6]D1

9SKZN.-'%1MAVUQQUH

MM@E
.N&= P(#3)PV3!*\_6['B$B*


 PX)!9P
MFD *.7:-W)*H*UOJ.F5B\1(:6A?DF7+W7@\:FMMTSQ$20$V-*[VP%K-M5+.




ML@/D.]PP^+@UEAA(J2FV'A@=3W5;:9%G=-CBVL5J


M):FZ0_?


!V!'M8IN/WY]TK^X/.!@YQ41 [27
M1-



6]4E^CX&

U]SJ'_.)4:U7VHD7KP!1#BDGA
M#84 B^@5(W<3+


M6@!BM]@QHN/QI9&&QO-



M7$EBX[

M FX7OXW]T
+#ZGCC (4!EL4%#PM259WD$.^DKBRRUW6\O=RU_[F(7YQGOR^S
MN_7\0WYWR([9HG40'
0=.&1.*\J1%8Z)YHY;6&527&Q&M!;U082V'#L;[''Y
M.#1/51ZQG[+E^\75%BC2W
-( 4]=/$H*'15&K(:

MK:).3_'[HOASF95?JHES4VXVFQ:+:6Q5L\1
YM/UO/[UMV(^]T7Y=5+.#@#6
M^[M#W/9[AJC61I-X_#=$
+]RD7,3'!AQ-^[\A* \9
M=\IJJ1VGBN T$X'.BD\O_VMQ(_A&/^

MB


M


M   
(   &@   &)Y;F0M97@Q
#






S]IBGJ.$<<[B2*1







MX\IFDA71EY8$Z6;(%09&*KUX

6!!;
5\'F3
^MSOY
$X5ZK\T5[6KWGGHB9^19?V *-
M460QDHF*,NO[[8,3F*:P<SE^!31_K:/<=,49E\ /B0JR.#*6'+_N!J2K)2Z

FERH(UZ4PRBC_'5YS68N].2$U'%.IK#+
H;JDJTZ2


46_(.1FQ?58*Q%FIL


T*^E+.QLQ3U

MYV:L[1PN
J
I?99+K$;_I4QX


M';GF)?Q)#^J ? O_JC]Q?G0S@;G8Z)&
X'VSUQW_I)[=8!]&?MK]6
B@N9


3 S


MU][U///RS


4.D_

8*FY6

MOH@



6U5#!84/&QG75YK%(N'XV0*2CR



J@Y#EG)#E/]D
M5Z%*-PUG<Z7!H0T(.DQ:LTU0H AJ18 $=)$1-48#<T'';$XAHBM


MW*KKNI#2G(0
2?TG 6'S&#?#.(
#@08.72HRF2:FK2





M^\5 *;X:SX_/BD'^$Y#GO?RW*?V_ %!+ P04      (BG-0,%:N;]8  (
M   &@   &)Y;F0M97@R

MU:I-(C@?E +)D&@2.C2:(DB%]F@20ZPF=N284O;KYX0PT:T/G=2J#WO(Q_7U







BZI0C+Y5(64($_2NB


0[D8P#CQ_ZJN;

H-NMX8+ A$G!7ESI<<9$* LHB+G M<B@N6

M%*:$N!+7+191 D:O66FHJ9RI0E1ZJSFL*

LHCA5M=0IBA+HFNPX4^%*HDT8

5O5
P0%BLJ'LD(MF2+
DKW1:WWH^NU%_($$4(%4

MW#+M#Z_JN7A?1\5ZX636GY_


$K.(7=KGDT\..@_EOT3MVW0$ZJ&9\[$OYS3H:Q9
H2]I8

M_5YO'#=\-;_7(&7I0XUD3J4

MJDDO[/EA3VG2O[/[-0^_I


@M6/H/'K==P:#)N\;+A3*]]-4D3OK)A;^[0:9A1-1O7Z

_)09S]H'FEU


[J\#!UF5;Z4_5Z
ML4RKM^3^FF
;X)E&-&J4H^9LSK\U6./*O:56K]A9@U*+:I5:F)FWV)Z=TZ
M Q@

M6U

ML


J

M1&=!DW\PO5

C#0H



M:KB/[




GP#13DZSTU1'Z/6B'V%*WF^6\
$^^3
M/NX_04R7X

/$3UY=M@R9_VO'<#&U\<#8/8GDF3!0T@<\I#=31Y2$ .XA?O_FH &
M@5]I!86BI[F*[G@Z(
12%5?$IB;JJFS(NBMJ:HG-L+SY(D*Z(H3M$XQ=M!

M+
Z0U 9X

MTCS;\S1)5[%DF8KK&=A3V-0M2?%DB(&F.&H#!!QU!D5_WRF*(!RR+15IR%5E
MS_)
23&M?.:BX6JN6JJC%D! D:&NP%&=365H
!D:IA/HD^ 3
XH4$U[H/U99
MWM9TSQ1E#&-!BB59HFP;(M:Q!79&LN62Y5L +X0\(/S;!420GQYB\)C\: !T



MK4H*MK39--L 89H;J.:EZ0&;WPW]A-1


+8 PQRM*S*TGFM*1I1O/

5G4 _Y

53?*^;4!
M7GS630I: ^S6X=X];,#5]!2%%.R
Q&X/Q@9+N2J5F&[@)E'*/TL5L 8782
MTC755-\BA#4.4JXX64C[+8G[DUX&TI;'IO-^T3 8CV%R..K_':89PL^E #K-

=P&N)E^NT3K:.]RSN!)!AF


M5VR6




XV#%OVP%_515F1#U#ZY:E7TQ9

U;B;8T*]TP10_
M+5DU;20:MJ%(&K9LQ;1,C2EPH\M@'N9U9JTJD]!21(PF6/9V- MI&B2H5B&

MIM:RXM 6Z
R






P
N


X1ZG#(?TFCL@A\*[IL0PBB+9
MKH(TL)6R(R+;QC)EJ583JG'6@IXR9O+B+J;2]3N9K(Y.%-%
MDH)


MZ3@TE:!JFEV60K0!7GR6KM#^5KXVWGZ 5VT_F)N80?&HM*EB-+&
N6)T





WJ'\-J9)KFYIE(E=1P?72,;A?MJQIHJ8K%?6_&G#_53I=\<ML19<-
MRY1MS]:1ILD&-NCN2MO%&!N&4^X/;0/L(,KVY)=9ENTIBJ,KMF8C13*PIWKY
M7B?1,93*[KTVP ZB;$]^F20Z+MU8;!F2A&S/PK9$-ZJ[EN-9EE4I'&\#[#*

D/&LF+2NG/5


-U'&1:KJE@Q?5


MR @A ]N&;MJV88 F!_&K;+=N ;SXK
#_T)Y*=]_%#5N%)@@)#5

M5J!)DDW;53053#OH8VQ;IJ(IG@A
@H!Q*J5N;8#[VF5R:(_)$A53Q5C5#9H6

MCB4CT=
\

^.3KLGBAHXC$IIT=H .X.@'7M&'L1B$)$:R-8E9%H25DW-
M-AW@$Y IP\(5D[\:L#

W7;A%C4!;]/\@QL
M(



M#-


X4@FMC0%7#/+!WM-DZ7:I



$O


MJ#F*63GWI 6P



M MU1?/E)/_UMW(=OT3. 1;


M#U%= YQ+77

::?
M?PZ#Z


M;

M
N\N7#\U


%5!U1VMPV'YTT


+;-&7J5*SR2+([)8C?F=9'X0





[?9N'=UP7'%6@
MMUWZGA/YJ!+Y6^?MN


MRUB_T)BKK:
M-E[J$\L=
MU4


M1)9 A





;BVY
MJ3I.CC]7]N3


M7Q]3:&\[2JFX?/7_%2?V)


2



YSFW#:'U/UR?$7@5M+D0')7
M3])WDCMM


MD7L$/WMYSF6^K^P
#Y,-[#WT]_&?1@Q82XN)1W'059X(=X3.G%'.5O#!?V

E8)&(9
MH=,V9TT8W9$@U-&C##6;*CS^ZCF]/.ZA7RUDH[:[RSL [7;UQ5D60+/



ZZ0.4R=U^.
P




#;0

2=GSR12QJ7I/T8
M5
[J76#UK3Q(OH^$[R
Y5L]QH8:.)S-X
H
G

M#..FK7!YAI%G&(_=&%WGQFC&K94#5MFIUDOF8!& Z@D/B'@-+TU(FGV'T1P7


YVF^2

9W@B5*D?PYRWSSG
Y5[S@+OS )=TP)








:6
M^H'O$-\'@??02&93 G-)[X*D[X$1WN0&IG\G83]WC?QQD/GA%^(?70RQN3.X

];_UQY(3?ULWC
O^^
M\A









K3

M' C*T[R4S1UQ8'%X^4W\5 G!5G*2'4=/)

-OV-VH2PC/F9\SRQ]USKQC

D&F\(=6P)
M--X5ZM!=H=:LHN?K




M F:89;F.G(4:\;

QXED;$/WV=U?
M0&8RPE:6)VF#'BO2+#A):#$P_7D31Z00_H7W?0O]Z






]].TDF9Z! ?
M=J=DN&B(_8])6+$
)W[B:O=.()UO

M\\-_$G^QNNNDE=(4(85J6(F1T]=(:J7)Y5I)F9V=07%=[H@S6CF/[XCC.^)6



MYKU-3C-\XS*XE@RBS18JT.X6*N;V*/-
RNG[7%PBUY+(P^U8+J(8.GL6P-W'

MH

MBO:@K;W+U/PI
E6'J9[7'F]2)KG#Q/S6:1-.]N
/)A;6X4[5=^JLT[##
JPY

KOV8OUVL\G6=J3K83V[?YPON?7%PIXGV _=TVVGYQH[.


M\'O9)*%_ ;[\(
H6!*M\1XUL?8


MKT2&AY)!+D6'D:*3*;F:+M#7U.;[+V6=^C'PV6*=?77\Q[C0OH(TU2T$QTB:
M=;= =)DTU47%ZZ@7C\B]_X(GV3!.8&#S#A ]#P1'_2]QSP__





D1YH


MV_UZ!
UP(;HP+V7SL-'%
2#*H(A:_W#YO:3[I6- U
;Q*JU2W/%A/\HQ( HX
M2M^LG+
JJ;OA*/D8$&7.%[*NP5':CA%E'(?H';Y V#P.T6
LLKXRSXVDL5N.
M.@K1



M8_BY(:KAD=[03^O?RD@X@]CPS7TR /[W5S#'#*+MS1^#ET^ VQA&0M+\SR'Q
M^R#:/W\$S'W^F?WCYQQIJJII(T.R3==$V-%-%4NB[*I(
373\



MF3&4CU^$- Z#OO#O(OO?].:4M9?NSY

MWVZN[UU'N+O']^[=UO)[J-'?N?9OWZ_OK]T[ =\X@OM?]M_QS2^N8-]^_7I]



5](GR]J^&3-4PM


MV=\N J!B2GJ P#A\\

PSA[B%ZH=3%W5?FHRILM:HY$R@/F]D&61_]ZL3O#-

M?I@UWBO&-AV6/B=,IEHYJ__.]_M^G4KP^U*-#*DHZL.[IG(UN6%5KOATU-
MTA3DVEAU;4/%-0KT.WD
4NH09#=P9Y]+.Y;[S]L;1_CJXOL/PO6-?75DZSR[




ZN)


UT_6WR3?P3D#9OC5M
M




*LQW+V.0/'^L.@U<U8[5E9KP\--
ML33.E QYZ0W]Z!$N1,+S,( KI<T]^?SV=NL0IEXF$5=A%C'-$1#$I&L6*8M
M*;8NNXINBY:KS04WA5_S*LD/3-&O\-YI 2 0A'5O_B#\AWA%FTT)8S\1GOQP
MLHNUHH

M+&Q/KOY7\*+USQN'
US'YGE0AC-+AC
DVS9-T]%D$2';P?#+\713LRW-LHSY

MVCITU43RLKJ7[-Q&4?/C7-0LW
01V3HML'&3LD4$K+.YJ69I
NK394DB/+P*


M)




Y;*(


%4]BZ@)3;4%OTZVZ0A_N1H\

M)O(CN#Y17_A!KLSV =QK 'KX%\R%/L3@X4DZE.)E=*]WRD;1NJGF6*0M]_
M3:]V(7UJ*7W81I:A&Z*$(9ZEM=2F*&M(L3WDFIXFUA2RV)


MA%&09:!*2 BZ(8DCFO

M]9T\3L*\UO3N\E[X@6)3_TE6Y*M91!:P35MCNFEKWQHS'^]
!Y+TQT8-U[@+



M3GLG8E$


SY]FBIN27?
M'E0''ZB+ I\JGRJ?*I]JQZ;:E6ZU6VY.62-%)E529)IE**8JZ1@K#LV16;*D

M8\B2A13XI4FR8WO.LE)E?&--TB BZ8J5UIWW_.Y4W'%J+

0I2%N5$?M2C7 :Q#VV!2('3HF-5*M#6


M%G6LZEJ-
+Z4Y[+DQSAM+XGK:YWEA/&!6_]WMYHA'9(PG
JX\$/-9I3&=?3F


ME: E)+06I_BSEV]RI@5WV:L G
.JJ%FQSH6',/;TND;2JGY(#SXU [!D_1&
M+XQ39H'\D%#K$_3(\C.S/C[%)U.V9Y!5^]$\1_FV8D_A+V$,[ AFB]K0Z=Y


%0T0?1U):8]FW
*N2CH@Q153$UK1NHLYU#?]B62G&)

/J53HT%-PXCX46&/F*4@(
5@*M+2

ML/$_% N]5S.FJ9ES.HPG89YY?J N P0D/DUU/4Y\ZCD0%J$78X4!



W^CU (\TU%.:VZJ!DS#[YV0?ZMH?7#T53
M.Q:YUW\K_PQ[[3  U/57SHTZ!K
$1!#EP09%D/_D!R&SJL7&0CH2^!$#?RP\


]#ZCXT+=%A/3S

M**=\42;E7
:Y;
9EN3YB)O(Q7^^$((%^.P:O+!/@,E2@96%1)G_&,23%+PO
MVD1L

MU0
UBE IG8S'(5U&!Y;/%SD DH4G].P_ (#XIS_I48=W4=.^C)D+G
=( 
-2

:X60

5YJHZGIMDV



VH@(HI&$L#0_92B2

=*V#

LYE=5P&9KDW
M8748]%SZ@*;!A_!UX:^)3T$^(G_/ND8




9:5:[Z

ME0C-Y




M@C CC:.(A+/=/!7+/5O-ROV\8O._T 

\WUOF%]1NC:C29M168WZ-1)F!8ICD$E^ RWT@-ONT$
M9.)5F!ZNP)F2



M






[(2)#P!Z%(57\'4

M0LB/2YBF
VAKX+G7Y]%C?WHN!\W?T1

M.F73)S\)YAJ4TV

M97 Y[@)ZYDT6@#?P.M4






HW

VQ]<85;


MNDOQ%&QXJBRK)D:2X1JZA#41

MLD#*/




MJNF8KB0[HB&:*I8E4=HVZ:%= 5?1(E#@2&^VL='Q






M]0UH8OF

MWUVE\!.X\8[N&F%_T]K

M-AT;N[ILR::F&;JK;



[HBB:KH'








M'&3L(*P;AF

M%PL







M

LF?;DI%^8
M/V3I@:U8Y9L@B#\[J'+I1+SI%ZZ$V]EI=SW:%#NC+YKQGPN@?]#ITSZL7^)*

M9Q!ZK)G_%

E)Q?
MR-=_2%=J[@L#?X4A'?UC&#_ P!C#3








M'XC$H+X:RQ@IXNV4*J/W*022].9-N\

+KF






$C

V#F=\HFQGZB(R8!*-Y6A_[-WY_+G
=$P2P#%-





S(=$DP
V2&C;C
0N9VAMNF2/2O5IV4/I4#2P3:(W

M/Y9]&A_=D1_8?GVY]5L[+-P*!J!.2X06L/?SAF$1L0HF

G1(DJ65940/LOW
70A3M=U#][1G<-['WCPQA^@##]8^XP_3.W<]CCHAXXBWV5ZP[)?YV)J


M;11++R4VDJV

M#(E_L% 7L^V%
_IWE5RHXN&PJ-5\!QGVV14C#.XSIS$MG
*V+C2(-]^WQ
A0




.V 9I%U
MG@E@3W9SK0J5;B#XYTE]^1[J!Z;V(KXL]F/=8T4BGS&G_=7TA/'EKGH;QH

1ZCERT'+KT?ABS.NMZ!'Y



M5RSPOU95-U.4D
*0O&0]6M#DCJAK/G]$R0.L_RYO2]




M2Y]8MI



M^\O;@'F




[+Z(]N#V[?Q(Q;.Q&U@(NX!#
=3F J


6#+U8!1BZ S\[



B-63]-

\
-$C3LINT
MU=+H*:LZ6)UXNHB R







M)
$
:HR(VTHLY*V=F$)M-TRGD-IN63UU$BH=!R25K=VL09P7PY&7 \5YHIVP
IIL_Z18B*UYB@CWZ)FL\1IY#(,*4)< (D*%O6B@-'\U
M9&RYXYJ; O0&?5/AT+
W_; 'D6WK%J#T0Y1*N[ZY/''88+. #8O
QXQS)


M2 7#&T





5C1)#]PDUP
V&*R@PRI=_I@0INUK;K:A7?;K8HRDT#J

MWG4!_['

MJE2VUC7%MN2@XTM8?_J




HL_O68+1FQ8 X4_BHM].
M(U:=W3*(-/1=;:[;KP27)'$$716L8WVA(F^ TNC)
\ZC@R*XH*19TW:;VT

ML9


-ZANNK\X9
F

:V+F81H
4


M'1N4/7$E6E&+\LYF


MV


$[1&! !/L_BP8#I%$H


'&\1KM5F6RADRS)
6 #X%;1'S


MAF & XV&]7P&9%:EU#A




9]AVW^[/TK4OMYJP@K+2L
CKJWU;+MRKJ<;MJ\D#+@%%Y36WP5\\J7Z4PF^%@(QZ2

*.CHD360-4#:$W$?IP6?
M]X^U& M#D]-JB(M^-Z@Z[U8$ULR0=K&GLRP'N_$']OLDY^57?[G-_R=R?N?1
M1^C^F=RLPZ5'NJ[7?

M _C



M7]46#^'O.5O4EE$6[+DF6AEALV)-[TW\[9^=MV9/ ]-Y_7L[:(7.ZJT&-F


03[+.W:FNCR/C.\^JT'N&%$;+LEDB&[0H1(_J7#B*W:TG

M^V9!N+[G%F
EUO6\F;Q-M3N6GU X9ARW.
K[O0RS)C'

MU

@F[H
_5$I6$DLJM;U3HFOQ
M:U:%-O-&(\#*7V%%,9NJG$]]G9(G*G<!6SD6TW^A4R/'YROFC2<<!:*G<R!:
MOO?Y_P<W^?\;H

_DOI(+
4]7#-.D%^+
YW6]Y:(VDJVVK
M6$0=ZG/2^G16BVT4,[95]*&TI;KKS,[Z(\(%E=_@,^VYU2?4\A:1&@2]@-
MED@/CDT/O1B27MN](D


+QIIOEU5INCH?;5WY U\HL37K5#IMI



M$VZUD]/^LP-945.]H=^J
Q*$


IA'5WM7P;D#T6SV].]-ORBCKQ:G



MF5;J 5=1VXA1W3.ZJPMRVO2[U!UP/EO9U9-!8\_=.-3/-@TC1O:8\AO'A+
MZ1^4%MZ[*Y73B!G:*L;^8AR;!8@5KM'THDN5(GF072'Z@

7E

_6
M\1#R)]-27UT7CO)FVVG.6FX&LH4+T]2:57*W/E/\6QW]%%O+MI9FF WAN0ZW
M!]''^


M^GU1X3GN^WU!XBMNWYW[G[.#57Z-ZBWZZ/;?9-OY;#3XKGXQ$5BR(&?='LCC

5ZAC:CPX'
MGK_[ 
^*\V+GY98_Z
-NMJ










M%;%-SO/L^/7[D^XH@?4V
G; C1]$*$?A/).P0^%LY ?M9TVBM
S*QS
!V;
M/=(MB1K5@W]5-?#.


CP 2J@Y 45[

ME89
UFF#FL'ZV8NK#@B%$=\;P)793E.N5KTUS0E%KQW(??KRC5K^8]GNR6&(


M/O]Z)-
1
^9(_HN9ZDTW:48O A2O


O#/VHN


YO%(N;#3^TH=RYP_JDZ=P%M:@Z1

MYK?4J

MH $@\JFQ=W.;W-PFUYW)



CP9



M[WR-TD\/J?F'H6
#VQ+!EA8=K

M8')W[GP].FLN0
&)7I=64X=05U5KRAUAF9$8BD9/M:X1F'8 [J1J)^L%VH].


MBL6R$'N8O+
\\)U=_%@^/T7YQ5^/[M\[//(4F/8*)I(;I


Y




M7&-]J@)]G.DL!_=HG+-C4

;D^RU06KEWY\6OF=3+Z-W$!E@#FM\O7&?



M9P O^U1N!ZVHAI%5)$3_L/K#S5P12WQ2.2F&77+#79+4:HU/ILE*G=T9%_VJ
M74]Y S



M/QDKF*1@=-5_


RR69=NKA/EEJ]Z9B

+\


M2A)U0RYM(!P

*B\^:-!^SG?O.#5VG?!
S*W^-*


M#HQ&50O4DR![#]M
_M

N-)A6U@4A[6M2R--






M

PZ]+<]69

M[9[#



IKZ3O&'&Y5

M/R\#26K8!?SVK)PO9VN278)8M3%R'=1?(CJPJ#J8U'L6#Y ;^:P2M8UKHOY7
MLQFMER*'4^N^[=+7U&P6'B_I-








MZ06_O9)K+0NY)6JJ.T/



IGRXZ:E5@H] F.
W!5;BJWU34G[)DT3GZWT=

4 _%@
M4K0GS=EFVK*
$'_IUJ=%JYD
:T%M 6+HY?V=*ZI;D$!


0[T&9_0C-_9 -A=E^P:%X=[W;&7



-/!HT
MZ%-
B=VY28GM44IL('+\[6(IUEC9!]7_V6=R20V2Q?VOF3ZY]_#.-7^)@M*Y

MI='4OQB2



OW/G/(^'[$]X!E!Z5-1'-
M@[.&0+@)XFAR_\G[2L#Y2EZB/D('P)&
7%DK  *V

MY=;K8EDI

(&7KB:.&*
YYU^^X:
MH4/(*?U(+XH.I319IC0@YE'D0RZ\)4PQ'H=F/8<S3?!^<N92/0JZ1H1TB;$
M='6187I:3MF@9(3SP&8E!'#N
EY XR2W*UN@*.2_R<FTNK5&L=P^[M_0WD$;
MR6_'5O =H@KPK$+4P)G?\^DT=S[,E@E,LP-F0*SM3[\0M.J9<D*F_HFHB7
M[4OL-@6S/WF(/!O=2?;-/M?OGY+(78$ _:@2VD17$R7:I?JJ;/FAMJ2)%:5


M!DW\1A'J



1\#M3DGS9(7B'7.F)=3Q%)II9B/N G<KD.[
M\ADY7559OSQ9U7H4@).E+E1$*C<5+]&S7$C'B\NW2RGFM&U3!8QBRY\-.&1



=H2@[K


M/B)^\
W



@LSF9[I*/1P]
M+0T#.EJC_30$Y%_HV#ZM)EJ*F[Y

MY+U?XH=0D3
$.?N?/#E#QY

MX]%W+T???/M_+W]Z.AY]*]OQ
_;D_YJU?(H.=@A(/A&7';&;)W
8:1/]X[.U

M&^C+PQ!%-#


M76

HR
M#H4:B]HA<:&;N5/%C&:,=)JBLB\7:6N(G;\\NAM^E]^8 T_9Q\V$VJNFUFG7
M6^$%#1G0O.-(GA,NR'84V2'9MPG/L!^78!L0[;W;5DN\<Z9IIM!)PX2!/.P

_*V5K _




MJ*#\XLV]1:&9G?DVD]FIMN'U8(UW-Z


(]OV9-L;MM:*

Q;+L'Z:CL
M4#S+E.!XE


0T$)%S6!-^!+65
9B\ [3OZ?1(CUO2TZ&LYP&;34)I&?F&?AH=Z$=_MD7E1@KC]!
M3B#O%!#P@
P#-'WH;\15C(X8/_Z2NU[?'%@MXJ.4RMPPF


@2S@G='2(VR!^A(UH<-8]'BU?%#H
M'6-(3(B;R,Y9A-Q;1BE6:IP5ZNRBJE)Q L=(;) /KW5QYZ4E5(;EG/K0JLJ

;+F]3YJ:.2G&R=CK((BTCYQ!%G..
MYK_YVX[%W.V39:'O@;3Y(MO'[^!86H7D))2NIFE
^QZU/FYJY$$Z.-!]5*N





MPIED!@W



;-9 J2A$;:-/D8Z4\GD$G^Z9W.$C5P9
MTX-,5M;_HB H%]W=3J-K]'UC,_VQ04 ;9RMX.O6]58PR\74@.TW*?V8!1+S


MJ(6:Z+BL=B5







U@


MA;;#W_



'E?$B9;%K=JU@2)(

M;-7LF9(:'7A&ORY%.UL)0N/M=HI,@??_MD])KRE#-![&E8S.T/_C]C+'5?


QF6UN1K.V)
=_QB%)[?4/_6\].OA!\PY8;LIS!D_.UC]9]%FK

M[/NCIQ@;Q9QU3S.
.$!/*^H'-FL67_^RV:J3)@+ 


YS6Q
M2VV2C4SM$A.(U+L13;*2F:%\O*[%J(/J#$FT=.]9\9(^74ONX&DNY^A&J/S4
MD$=TB@_U7TP-EFI&6G@

.+^#L9!K+#9_@;#6(X&K




^1W*_YX6(F_ ]]N!3[.OXX
-SB\6HFO[W9]VW1T=W']Q_
M=.?)@_N/[S\Y.GI\^^'=AX\?'MU^=/_QLV?W'^
W1;9V?W9+X7=*2C[Z^$G)


G;UZ^/MXSTTW_F=-(J]*P

_
MA_H>G
X=:'
TS*%9X'CY(DHKE@N

M




MG!M9^^\/A%#T(3=0_N
A$ZLRIC73*LE$9+.O#49(4''7'N6UP1E?'G[YH5 (
M+


MSU!(D53FQ.;8K#6HSPH_M[%A3


Q*
W?O2
?^@





MRZ
EE)4M=HWPO:;=-LW\PR\LUF!OBAM@NYON (4=E\J.+?3^4:H.EC1@F+%3

M)
J




7PJ



-_/TW+\]UQH

MR
R,BY%[C*PTH-!WJ_@QSUR%&!L-XCQ



9$O:ZT<**U<WZ41LB]&';








MH8$




MH9DC*D$*N#E!!(H@!(P@W&&#11U4E(Z]RP:2*83U+O9'7JVVI#_F*#7)&Q



=@:] ;_UN^0


M53QVC-43D!CE


V283 -G.Y!D&8$_JA

Y F-




K^U%6!E[!/M?4\
?[I47=6


M1( &NV9#!6?;'$KEI_%\QSB1'#G37&2&OBRV;']@3CJQ+;+YQNCF!N&AA
MEW&@L$PV%C,=\A=



M1:M0_?


STI








(4E]E!'H[-3-$\JS7.$5Y&AOE
M91HW] 3VSA05*FGJ-4L W#!D$8^'H**]N


M?VKA@*F; +MZ/E+\ :+1V2M0Q! FLFS_6


UC


G9143BR6UT5\9*OJ9JQA!H!LZ;399PM/Y[
M7FY@)&5\NLZQ6Q/+D#LHFG9N!_G

M0X)[YI-E2!$QS\Z_E:9R\
$ G8=E+R'S5
M)7_!=Y$J
_C*5
^ J#2Z:QTJQ@&/8B(Z2[FJ91XSG[(IC9@I@4SX9+W1FKP+
M)U$A9


UL D=]??F3)V\8L@0D]*T7U
MQC
0
MQ^%3E1$6&SQ#8:!X[XH=?^T)JFPT3[C6\*;29T;:%@O&:=HG@24I#^]VD7C5


DCO6309[F]O0I6V^YIZ/J#K+4$SM
M#O8+)EDYMJO=U1H%I/7E- VT$^H[M*]*NW6IE/6HN#]0YA['/H!;O^ C+\YD

M^\&;E#1A-7ZGHLN/T3CI/'%2)J5/&05F1M67UDKM9OC[79GZE
GS':Q\V]PX


MQ 9[$VWG=OLMC0SJ/&1K;=MO/$I%%[(3&NYQ
D&+W;YK(?S&L76(I)KH@8M%







U2R$-7RL/(S


M*)\='1\^EG&\@E6*7\R)/MB


T84'';+



M^6[$D9





D:2@B@
OMO@2P<4(7X@C+-I@Y43KPI9Q^/J<85$/


MH\(

D4@#YTA/=&^U9

^
MX'4CP_EZM#W]52O_

M-'OOSW0]=?O[;PACOP^^[L7Q=.2[Q_FNR.M']C$^^WM2F62A$!BR];HXZU2
M+#FU.1%1C@
BA]V+[P(5AW= @O#4*TR



M039
9S[676-:B(?Z<





M=\V-%%Y=@.7F*,A8V5!S4BV7

MN;R
*V%IN71?6:'3%;.2[#[H?JG(+L.@=UXD
]]8+!A




VNJT(:-()'=2:B9+






V@ZF
MT*HCG'$+Y4Y5N_YW&P
+9Y$+8L^/$GI;@.
/N/1T7M9CN%YN8ER=B7+R=R/






*??1  E@30 .@3[6*&G:/I;5XL
MH\0Y6L*IH.=CGY5WXD=#C%,[$95WJ9K?[A3B( 47N/D7/FLTR^NX\ET*M(
M(B+CPGRA4:_F#5*NXX3^E()0)5;-K)($_9'I&80!)LH'2O-,_)LEBK=5?3D
M%8N^/P4MBV;V$Q]Q*JND)LM6
]^D'&/)S]DV=6'E&0Z)=C+$+X$RY=)_BE-


.@62F@(*


M$S5
53Z5AIPP^3P]OZO9O_9V



W?&G/2!
5K]2/_/
MKX027UF)H.WG[:O_U#]''F);*1:1FSI(0G #3D0N3M9,O W%T&'LP&C(;5


1 (G8:,;<!YPF4/\-GFZT4L*/B6/',S#IZ'/@G!V[!E



H)0]!_JP9[/O_8XB_SN;

:$A5








ML)S4OKT)#K61

MO2FT^_Z
^B^_B9!\$/=$68W2
R*14CYJ@*5O43+;-N3VK\45VPFBP8#7OW?G


!0U




D/9LF51
M#T5!* W,9H4?P::F;*JH36^: *-U5\6$#J:&-H0LR:\-7!Z]JWQ;[TE7.&4
MT

M$75ZG8 ]
.V




:@?V]K\A!.*V&1(V5VK)_0BV;9DHS:T:=Z6ZVA1PWRK?O P*SY$K27#
M*D% .]2M YM3=A6*(I$*E0S^I)[JHO:A9
B&Y%'CCQR







YD![*])]W..$+#*W(5/9M2E2H!36

!BJ
;!MBMHR]D;L[XTHUR/KOCQ ?(%E6=9S:EZMZ\X/A03&*'9&





SX]O _TRO[X6UR9M7KI1.'V9K;


M)R&S_5J'4!2)*17*?1.C!@EWZ63C3KM!L6;N0
NCR$N -



1 $7!1I#F

MY/H5_WL_L[.ZX-VWJ+V%HJZOHARW/(:70YO6H%\G?=5%WBSGM?\_4




M\T
A\G-26(M-=T$ZX2
2
]&KT#@VLY!&B#QSBCJ_3@(+77?^F(3




-4M9.+?+/-







MY@E*R%LAHOYD^1R:IA0E!(K.LOQ$+:EK?Q@.\W
FS](RFVV9PAN9K_'H83T0
MXGRGT5*6DDL;5MP+;P.[-#6ENFO#U




6C-BWR4S?%HULUOXN6JG7Q13D=$^%CF3EJ*+*
M/NCDJ![_!#K^L_];]]XE1^*';A%T7M;.KE\2IZPN2A?WG3)](_ZJPN-$AB=O
M%WJS&N0 _%V3%'_6XG]5).5


MH

M6U
P'M$0H7)S\&5N0)TY)?RL9M_[H;CW=29BQZNZE$PBC0
QXA=58F:5^LF[




M=B08A&D\9^5*









M6+P

(/R_;97%Y252LZ#Y#3XR3*YSST

OK:2V#



L-1TEQC2ZR9E6YL?@BR=KQ_TZL:
=YE&$E&;R/<CIHPN:C.N1

R





YW.

MZ3Z@$H=W2K/H6OV9&ULT
G+.6]$UEOYH&?444B%#?$/]._7:
6Q#KB F$Z



9
M^Z-[07U46H]MV0_YKW[2_

M$R9CT:D2WQ-P(?A)?%DMSF:WI$#XYOF[)U(3_.J(S4Y7?^=*MUV3XQ2H(-X0
MM0*_M@9!'

W]S'HGX_7[A!



?A)N7F^T







MQPJ)G*GG_&13P+
YY@Z.#ES*'ZQ
.6@QME1NV4'.B%$/\H 2DV
8I:H2!$%D


M





M60AEY98]?70O1:I YN@6\FR(![+3$I#[K& +B)BDBP


OZ2Y'0VDIZ$.SVYWJOYD2T'K()I8? 9@_ S@$&24F?
MUVW@=PIF6CLI-'UH1N]3


L]?
'HCRUR0I]W*LL66A;JS09@E'KQGL.(!;TB
MW*EES6G6X  L@(9^[_:W68?5;X&5&^1RC8&.YN &G.TO)\152

M4AROR?%%;U1-G)\_)46 1A2Y*1ZI*Q?3ZSI&H6M:]B=AX)+G+FL_87A#CFL:
M:43A6W&&$O8 PF/![8IT3TD 
N^+



E5!VF\%Z(#E6(XS
P7R

M]270X!FC'LQAY?(\$TNGO IV_056(-: &^W_!'^W
Y 3B?)#WFS RZ(XL6
M&ZU


MW$-8X:8.0IN%.G.[T5VQ IA

MS1WE$4(I
+






M
2P5^5V!
S?I=H =7!3-HM_024_#/N=&AL2;




MA;E##B_*'ON!2SU-^'2:Q4P4YD
[V*B98L/$&X(.I3:];B)
P]C0NX0#5(RZ
$5=7EJNL(]U]XJ;^LF($J.JX<+(+Z&*.M,<@\; 1
MK=$;[AG4M]D5SY+V[358^ 

MVE
:?8&I;H*#+:77W@D8PI0'S50\











I$:)U2







M]-SU9(H_7(J@

UEY:OL90%I-
[U6CIKP:01*0^+C6KMPB

(N2R6G*U'[B8R$R[K0]VIR+BX;O@B

MNW_BB)G@(RB]^
G\59SA@\9:A3TB8=6FP

81#Q&)_O&K

TK2N.-!1&N1])(M.

MVQMYAF$SD.$Z/407)Z5Q33:


M/FG 
S2#6VYG
7#0Z B

=WV$WM87CBQ^QGVEYYTZU_Z?/W
M?H=U;5_YZ_K_J)LJ]P=GF-AA=E1))1V27.4^&6J&K=PPPHC84\6R- %M[Z 7
M8GKUN8\G=O
VW#[5


I?.(^CG8BO^V10JK
M$YEC]$0R38[



VV_1( N45
MOEM4*A?&)!'/[^7+\E=JYJKK,9[42/]=^RHEONOA\C.FG4F':80PEA?G
M2.'0JWN_








MI?%O

YD8(;6#
6)!23^^0




@(WG@M14O
ML&/F#+8.5@T;C,\]9HR)=N^@+FG5=TTA?91RKB=V#N:PCKPBE$:(W UH+.Z

MM7S&.SVL[TGCLQ05]- GG9+F5?S!SPI7R
0DBC1[\:M4Z/(&FE*EZ[K0I160

F/F62A)5GTK^D@\.+@-5$WP(D18HV3#_%W)EMG9E?U2]N\
MFCJ$IH!.$37'./,!$4[(&J39@A'6#E-^HQG^'IPJ3+\/P]\?9S_:10*IDV!




T_-%1\;$Z_/X&B)@S4?&XG_9;*
M1Z3P7:'@5(GWCR\!^R

M
Z





M5=[5'XJ%?\[H=#[A+J*[CQ\]G-T2!)Q_\K#P'WZME(E
NR]Y/8[%/QS52N[KSVL4F!M-31!^SIWK

4RDD R\5[QUK8S



?G*2=

V






F^9(?H0D  _A8(C2\1R#+D
0


2Z^1PK^CF%@\8E:RX#DTP(Q7=,
MP)HWQ, 5^8P!I/R/E!+X43RAK;9
VO
^$4/'DK R/H LV%X*FVLP7F(AXK



M4O
B)(D-%:70'_NUD

U?? WHZ@
MG!D+GJDR
Q)2/GPLG1)6


O'E():BAO'11 NDLXI^0Z*?Q1H_;
MC[8
2


M 07L
: ;Y(*J-G$;EF QB=OE D4.]@?BS!=%=F(DAK_?%7[QPH2MW9Q5E(

(= E\I/@[O$+80
LG&!W;P^IH/D
+JV$N)ZB_
D=CM$8VT28Y;(A
ZV:T
M[P&R^Q3]##:?7F]Q5(^[- $ZOA#$ZUS4[@?W_3K/E+NR%
;EB\X1R#V6F:

+(OV9=&:










35KO^&(V W4T.A*#SC3A0A;8D\N-[\


DSY3:ABB;Q1]^*V$


MD77VEVK:CE

I=-&:FO69Q!-X?($Y!OR
MQX8GA



I:64VI$.4\KWZU7_+&_M&H

M+E_O;[_=4$[GB3^5O4WT&_D22TE9%4;?H\_CV



MI.MS\)*:Q@ PBI1_)\[7G'E&2:L2M6Z__AUUP; 7


M?^KP0-=UES96IW0
%'=@U_L((^F*%:LRFB]^BN3

(]&



I
M 8)1 HRR0 -4!O-+

2&M\\P^DSDAT/V



B*7*7V25Q)9B#

[X$B9^]]_M=

M=T



PJ
_4]]X?P<T69'+RI\,?2M@I[%*_,B='3NQT?<]T+S.5,S2+X4_=@BV 
J
M



D+5TJW@
M


D:0OS+/2G]



MJ5AW$8!


MV JH^9P 'CEY,=1+[:HA$BHU8%JDZ$B3[H2YGMRP!?=30$A(V!-IR5HEBN

*=MS*.?X$ *W(4H/#F9E

M&WFSPZ
0+H$TO*I7$

M96D%PB4J_A/B
J3._ZO?;+TKY1^!*L5!'.(M?=1O 6N=W:(OR@W^Z_73M_2A
M$J.J
%:L^'+.'CT%LKZ-#?$CO%&62#L%



MD$R8&Z3ZD_-.2K[ZRK$M*[EML



%CE&S.





 3U



&









M]R9R.UCZ
'
%?!R&548Z9F\MYY4AKYQ\:O$D)L[_J-6K6F
Y3EA_RENE+G^T







M
 
&[''*=')T(\-[:LSEQ$LJD@X^.
Z?]+
0RFC-F8

CUML.S#4(B3^F8K+S%KM=%UL:#$(EG'-J  ??#8&AM&MF

MJN]T2_JC_




MZ9V6'E-M0$_/NFRQ9VS9M[2VM'(CK5A3Q8QO9Z?U=%I/'3 TC%R.RPG$?*K[

BS_-&MIF!-59%AN['$ :

ME9BDM%KF^Z*EQ




2R&*X/B

WW;R*DXK9?(Q
=*.7]7R^+X@8D'J<A#@;_<$.
MPGL
!CAU!)^6'7\_%LX#:;YEK.


*VE


8D#1_=SMZR R @?K[(@8
MZXO&%LG$_$XB0@

4S##8PTZJ)'94N0P
RS)'H*8VJTR(=F^N\







-\3
#W3;348AL]^

*$9)][-:9IVZLJRWZ+)6(O[+=W[XWU9]\@SC.3]#(;' V/52.(I/I+


MAYPI]3G16W_RJ(G2


MYU(Y&
P@$]?RP*;<5
!\OFQNK3(



J
MZ


M7R%UY8(TCO2)A OLUC7;8[A[%$6UL4LI[J@MMC8WI;0AK]6NP]/Z-X&*+L%C
T\\<2




[A^+4WX*\YY]8Q4Q$5Q(A IG.L#Z!6+@A34 :%




M8XYE







M*10@OI/*X'E();_*=P%6^.R[\U?9[()R+02RF$@OTQSHX2FP0CL@ =E
XT5I
K-O




M8EECU0F24WR0R3

.5VD+#1Y
M0F:=?&7J

$(3TU'.OYDZP@\]@'R

3SK0;YW-GJ0_OWOWF[-OPL]E

M]

+.%]2[_SZ#C.D5!V7;\F7
T%I] )+CP:WN+N%0/OHB=&Y/4^2<9K0U#





1O=OJ^\(



MRGN_Z'



C.V6




M3
2

MEW%IOB%F+S
$]2 J9@L0V34E@F4:T;D+%;*E6[E*K&7KNJYDXP?R^8R9YQ4;


3JL
M+[RKS:UM:0M$
J
(+_PBVBL1);L.
HH@EL0T0D35-?*YOP*%!K)6OM&U$D0[

E^


MMGT5


M
9

M 0_M#8A23*[W4$KZE$F*UE.GKJU[TMY#Y01+NN2I SD -7=?]2=;0[.9+Q
M)








M!-!'!6WBSEWJ2E=6!S?H@860$E7_'+^&*Z[K#O,-Q(H^I_EEM1F/0&X#70O
M]IC3RI2)D#=907F LK(,U45_DBI$$I.#M
G_33WU


ER!R*




M3!





J'6DR\F;:(3;IU%1!WR*\^18057DPH^%PA4P'JPX3!^O51X

=0F+ KYNT[PN@E0


M65^Y3#REQ#1R):

1 8^2(3Y'##QQ2*JD'RB



MD+#@'9L1ZB.$70U$IISV002FOUW]&.7U_L\S.S[]!PO88H;:$[:
SE!_^A8#
MJ?!I([!'80[)@!*\1:.T\RQ
(I [W)

MXA'DM8!+*RY!S&&I[_THR)/L/#&^W


MWT@K^X!JA+1/[@UVS;*X;A)-5VUI#5S2TJSC6?E!


LH28UR

MOWO






M?8=AC7O2Z)9[1O492C52_7[TNVXARM:R

P9$_'M4F%M^7DH3:HSI4=:%_


MM641A3P&+

MMJ0JHNM[!N*H9_8^C'_]T/M5BAE+BID_J-J\-RK$.WX]HTKJ?%^4[@$'&=(
M%.E3A+P BZSB)GHN=G?ZK+WO7ZGG[^
@[/++$\+D_@8O

MX


MA#UP:+F0YZWQHYJW7H+/\&;*FY+(=K(8.&18VPH'&IU\93N6OY5?319X@3''

(T18/*J\TA*G\JK:$9:)=;CFX-%HXIN[\




M1$4#]JM?WK* XY)*:!P.Z3/W0P%_=L^V4365R;KK1=A[;D$/1'\M3[_*X53$





M]G5+%: HME!L4=6B!GK/5FQQ9*&2SUBXS%NEY4#WRNWQYFZ/PQ;%] ;[\-&M


MM'\B :6OV 54AI'J]/4Z0?(LUU@CG@13G;B:O?5[JO=/\V)J]T_+@_O#79
M8TF.;J*


T1/*B#+M86\CL1E]]W-F=NDL6
X/ZBJ?;@QK$+?P:^._8#/WT\


&3*OO]8!CZ


MH6V9@K7.IL;EJZ/#:Z5!UI%5TVD2YW6B@Z%+1Y:XR28^+H_+R_Z%I5H0



S=FFGOO^H&+FYY&FA?-YQ$^
/)^



HL/'%1TJB\G#?Q?OU!?B4VT5R8J'O'

79?3CC 
*M9^JFT]
=9S_*TIO(


BV(W]:/P
M8P;L$R/CH&?%#[5T%F4)6


I=JEF[H?3YSDK0-@G[R
MO;$!F;7J&


!U;'P[JG#2'W3L%2*+X

-]:YU'#A=!W4F;Y]#


MN'Z



)NZ.$(6=[1;QC2YJNZ+YZK-8C;]V[N_)-T+
MT[IVKLUNOV?9?=





M*/1%HJ(.%4M[;YFJ5_'TWSU-]4O*1-&=M_*0
N4O$7[=Y


.S^I3
8=/M6_[)_T;N^ONP9O7HPS:(#&^
! .




Q8\XNK'7&^@ 5AG


7Q1K#3NF531\WU8NDBQV!

MUV#P&#@-R1

M=



MN!A88'_9MFD.!Y?#\POC\L*XZEY=]/KO^
%06KM6[OKK/6K/366P9BI;CIP^



$/60/;CPYZ*(M.2D
MT!'2F9N5G ?!?=

AR&

0.QD2$CH\Z#F&&=C%R7&'-X


MJ//L%*#G)(+AN&D:^^



C
!_N.A?^.

OKD+^!B^%Q3%VP
MP6[W4]Y 1##=%5SZ!T[_7U&F?8[N62[S@)$YGZ*435(8P1V\//#9E*_7^/&I
M]\


9O#L@7Z;FS=SP#MX(M\$H/4:# O:B


RW
B$







S=+MOZH9AE)ZX')IW



M
9I?=\ 8R*](B9H/VD94U5[LCKV+H;](+M8?H[&3
2Z)8HYNOB;#@@]_X?JD


M!2T!#Q&0WG@=Z.H=#5-?

MQOA//#WRO65V^DN_.'KADN%N


WN98 MX'%O@F_C^4M)O
T E'RD^#_&1D\WEOA41E1@:
M9W#-TN/6566) -WEM7%Y-1H-C8%MV,;H?-[/K\:7IJ6?37LFLYURP)T:*6!





^)

0AT






MWD 6

)GR




M@^VL4OM[IZ@



#D8


M!F$(3YX(&!AJ

QP)*O5\Z*4I98CY!
MJ

M76669#FONY)X5





X$5Z M
5I^2[JH+SDN&
M1.O5=:@5=NX671:)FIG1.AM'I1/.'--=QB84DJ$X.N @W@]1R8+J8$*0*S

MV
B&)ZQ)^!:HO.T[
A0%XY
MGF-52 *1LT*]V?(:;*CA+V0E/(2[5-/
]*B#U*$TRJ18NH4@FM$S5ZN-UC
MK3NX@#=RWPYWY[C %&!D:EPSX8G%
@\[SM$!_OH;(L)3$@:<HG3^PL,F'$&+3D2A]2*2]#VOYP-!;6.=:B'



9S;3'[



M?1(K?6;D&A5J3_F=='KG/H6?CWP0L;=&3+;0CH#9SR3]QX/)1B?]Q.6:J4

S)+L5:
M;T?


$F]B@.P4T
M
QZH+U)G(]K621Y\VWJ:/^('E_*;^ ME:P0L(SAL0S2!

+,OU/4TD6;OE
M2M EAHBB%,:!JG3U1CD'TD!3H9E7W8:<61?$/*H[6*[]M#C+32X=<AG4K8-

M .+B.YRNW*@M



:FT5\6B$'7YB2'/XZF
M4BU6_[^

M6LW(RTB\RQKN

M*

MXCMH
VZ



/F+
K2/ J&R71GT?0
?CW#WLJONZ@!M'1-M(@%\A%-P0,$*G@P5B

_\R;W+S6:DWRQ9[6;QP%-T

M7
L^.S+'V5$V&3ZZ @XST;5WL_+E8/B'=_O^5*H*[]QC$?B3I'D[D?^D1V


ML35]=-4I1/$=:(?_%=;%QM#51FMA72V$B$ L0UR6_/-RXBL0D46IEO#-O*!:







IY19_8F:J/]&D7EEG
M

5**))I$LD
M%
DHDGD=R3C;G


UAXX^&*YC]]I3?I.]VTB_ZW+Q%-\JOCTR
MOATX^M!:3JY5;*O85K%MD]G6
G5[8!P_VS;4?U=SURY6
'1.W#5G-LE9O2/6





630
N5^T1
M%
FH]@B*9/9+

B)'SKUKE


MP=KAEZJ\0P&WMXO!6P4Y;-H=A8:MR+$IY&@-.[5:XBIR5.2XC[XT9CW5IW'D

7




&'H

!-Y) C;X^
M

+




M6G4*@A7M'P/M[TI]&-BUFJBOKOOA&;G%@&T[L#22U
UB-TPU-YQHUU$T25A\







MB_$UI45






M

M\0 _S;0'6+X)-DT)X?C(N*#&YT[].$FU_V3P6G[B\=/AAD]#QS-Z93'P/CGZ
M++YCL4[K*KZZ=;/$O8





B!/!0W:J/A$P^:7

]
MFWI_L#UVD*+G-M-SF^CUP\I!9K3)F2^.LE2BGI;0;V6V=DI#&];R/?(@5_
M1*D;:
H0;S+*U:X4I)YN*





MI(BHR#09ZOU:-0Z*BA05Y==;UK!31Q2MKOLVD]ESCU!5=WSBQM/;37SO4E]W

M-57'VS9N/+HB
G$#TO+ Z/3/WCR]%%
MUT&AU\L&
.5Q[



M!VB3C

MQO!*EN)@[X&0H]AG




M.U-&A2+**:+BC?FNZ%-XVA.!2-3:H:[$-W+-#=((JO










N1/*Q]/E-PEP*SO+%L53*(&
_SAABYAY/H6-



MZG4[UD%3E8!PCRU5J8+ZMA9A[[UA=GIRV7$6



8YY9A0\/'$G40QC?]_K#-8
XADH
3D['4=@5/ 02P\9Q]%/
M^#]* D




MF)1+6!R@P&O




E1\%$V@Z0'ZPG-XR2-O)]@!


M)BD



\ARXJO\%MC(VSRR/_
















]7ZO%D[ZMJO0*.XXM&7:


.CL-'+=1.K=M:?5[#94/R_G:&Y]_%IP_$ZB
M#(LL]U()=








V
M]?Z@UAFORJ@;*D%;2(26;IC;Y[@K(FP
$3:1R#[TK#J=AIMX)M=IAZU([@ D




3=?UZU8KR!:\N;1N4/O.]QK*\Y[OQO6I6









FGZO14JDX#7M93^3@J

ME WM

M9M/?^E/NN5UKK+)U!.1T2*UB_ZK3L2005_S#
B?XP4VT]X939 Y74H3OZ!9T





6T]JIV8+

M]ESQ'4QVMRXJ2UD!K;V90I044PGXH9IP %#\[+*H&YQ=FH*H%9D8Q*8&XA
M5:@$Y@:&'HYSZU4R\\N\717_Q*3DGV!K_1

OW\K5A^Q^\U8 V^G?65S$T^_8V1B6




ME^=Q_AWBUP+X?*^7\#X%-E\H8;P&4B9T/V7LP'F0.@F&:OVE$R[QVI(S*-



?&^&
M K.02P\($K34]-8'
(P@P@Z<^R@[

NOT6:%F)'/)F



J

M?'R_J-/TC 4O8@5=L*U?&J

^:5TY=/+V&
MM**N: JU ?%VQ=0C.C?+R6-7X9]Y0=G2O?101F


23VNI^*BB+V),X/0P9Y[R\T3R<Q!&1
M\!0X@!^#0-M1 *Q3IF!.BJH[^G,DJ;JC[]T^N E!G6/:#_=/:1RTS3:XYF=-
M6324SQJ?3S%8J3@./AZK!N_&2V\4]J%T@/X-I_TBNDT3V9;])N+0P6<4
M3Q;G-9V&VK]!@83W^


$94H$_XI?\3P'W08
 /0=N=HTP+MW@TR46P3
M!-$#VC$[I/2#5970/Z[F3_[V+K%MLW]I7EGG0_L:1)XSZ ZN^I;AG!N.W;='
M5^^X%-L-7^_8H[DFD^4+6)V_C4;?2B?G[V!C@?Z9:&W;N3_ :8R94#&2']X
M-H9R@M-\@G
Y09#):

M7KJS




;_
M0C+A(I/N!!8%NP_.DXD_!6YD\(B*_H?#H7N0W8^P4'DY#U 5*N]R*EN/'(

M'K




(.W
MK]@-I2 &/F*.C#SQ08*DY.K(NW[4=+O)K0&9Q#

MBE@$L-


 Y,F:3H#!)I<T1O$S9.Y=D/V=H


M9/6GWXC
Q

$290

(JTJ

M.O#K+&:#RA-8 .;*AX%-T+511B2%*WF-NHZQ+O!Z0X8AW-;MJ7Q?R67B6DXT

41T]%^=VSZOR%_L%D9Y1
M=']WC?PW@F5J<UAV2E*DB\)- KLD^$UD-1 4@-)G11)X0$8I4\$U0_GT*M




^)HODAHFRICN1S$#V(4/%DSR^!PZ)
MD;48
V3Q/


M;N(9PJ.':(QO K&F,'KX/$%B!BHLCE5ZAVGRLN9@/=0^:/0UBP-&#(N2#&
M=)F);Q8)4L 


MP_1-HH6N1IU0LQT/\*]O4I7ZMN/0


:A%H]N0&O?X'K#HPF1%<.23:I(.=:D
MSOI.IVF,SX0]')$TGQY!481_ YCQ*GKHW8




_7RQD'%]O TS2.^7BC&5@\

*9C&
$=!+PUQ3E =K-:9:O @H8SQ)I

1M[+WYD/89VE@_*

M
[$$W1=;VTZ(/[6%K4QE[Y&/07A

M@^E'O
@_

V!(;BKQN_
1
MB$(
.J: P7-@=.YNRT6
4#CIX


?('WA


[





MS:R205F
G
$@V0J6X_X]##%($UR;\FL._B+^+5Z3%RNV%FP XT-ZAQ0JC)%B



]

2QRS2V5.W^7M\^B!64AL()
' 4^ DL&4F: LSA;)


M/

@1;J? (@0


;
MC$6)[#_TT_5N)WC






M-0&?AR

C)F=X[KAA(:&K6#DW6/.%RU+%T6


^-J




MB

)
M 1U1[,4P/&R=CG.D^6!@C+






M2

6*'YB98@&*?TAJU_J9[
ME9LH^@;C

*R6JF**YK)LP=+E
M@A^$9'WY1K?1[(;W@*BU)&;'\LNV ).$%T)-L!P/WPMX&:NFL$C+\@DY/T(K

MQW!ST6*L]GY\U'+&^G=A%144GMCY  0[:T687E_#K
K2]*+N0_T^T6+D0OI4
M

!U5QE6=/!I?I!;TR[


?4\MB\YMJ2?J)HM



M(1-]_?=H.O_@PY_7652HX'@?


M=P\7[6'P-4!
8 .@(W$^*7HC5B7\^[:*G8TE;9BY6[=W'^BI&NT4 L5.QR!_

MV=FUM[D;@+3EE%Q=QIHA^.@EFO--0\&J)BT634\\+%4W0]X%#T*L:J.V5W

M
]/@3C##)L8'I* 89E*/V







M@8&K/E?\Q);.*YO5]LX1%( ]S3*RI#^B;'0K$4
6H:M[1EUQ5DC::%;+DH3/
M


M+DNB:SP\@74VAZ&I7(15_;_YVT67X



\
M!\


.8+

M


MR(*@)QC1
65%;9*3T3W;NE


M8_*7#]0Y4&=WJ;-3T9R5=QSJ)


EZ6:%




[
M^#W-0$H$/P4I15


X$G?JJ4




M%



:I-$L7G-JBV0.Z)
^O

M$8+



M/N :5:_++R3@*2'U8K9XNZ?-96LZNTGQ(4RR7DB?5V_)F

M
YQNEL2X\OC4PN.;PIBSS:6%';F*)PFL&F[&%4XSRM

Z+
M/PGGD


M4HW'600:+@?C8#D3 1$@5?P28$G




\Q PF!KO%BSF(ND(4G

#\NL$7\K2


8+ GFY6(;68P

M(!7#R4)&K)#(_T+Z@-%

*:_(D?)NI,S
6D@<WE9YA')W]
M[1NP3'SN
-,!&3.3B59O?@ 65,$U4 X[B*Z99:U_G2#SYQKQD
MD./P9K3QY$JI3MHW#;G]2L0YH.

MGJ/@VN

0R_I[F*P3<V%73Z)Y'LO;4CFX
M,T0H1!XYS]%(BJXF5B8X\)%LJ( CH\B.=YHF2[9


M!YB@_7J5

M%+:^1V#7ZQ -$=@N3V6+E/JR;A#]9=
6:BE+8LO;+UI+P-A+K&XLPBZC\#DP
MX-D/0WDE( )/K4
URO-SF!JMH@DI^X'LI(Y,XFN5YYWDT:3IS4J?Q^7=CP:
M6#JM$&C
K(DOCLA+NDP%)$4?LF6)FV6OE\O\#0[^0:


4H#T-M2[C)



MD&66Y#_.K[.XEO:/F1?SU(?[#+G0)1E_VQ;L1)8GV3B)\T**/[5^Q 09'B
M6


M
*;1DD=S18;)-!F?\TRJNM.K4&Y

M813'1!A_EI)Y'_*H

S7S@QU
M[C3GA
82O




B<NW[TROX=%9Z[KH9G__=G]
Q^M/R)([5!#E(_CA9\9V^/LDS?FI$)@3
M.^X),V9_DS+)Q

M6)7IZKS

U



??T[B!\ZN+,<W7BU4!YWP*6YB3@9Q64QEE5W-BMGL+JN

^C?NA0S=0=




^?O[V]Z_!-\EQ/__]N_2'
M\_6_@N_2U\MO_]4[+Z=PZ





M=R;\0LR9A!OQ[4]WK5%*$=9@B10K+1&*+DX/O%J;\!FS (KZX6




ML?@ \PR(E-5Y0_;GN U/#-6:FU3%4NIK+(+.:WIEBO[V(FY]%3^D0D^(NE\R



MGJP_L'J4.'-23P1'_

M+ OD=*;B$ZR8=/LPQ^GP*1)08@(!LE*]^!E$
/\LU!J7T?'XO  !K(S**B/)
M@N4Y1*W66UXMUX)DP4/J#/

M?*PW(+]R;)4[%H=$A5P&HOXA0L5CK(&78VB:Y8Z([@B
AN88@RRZ9G$4P5PY
MO'

B
MQ_5N2]'S.S85D7ZQ#*L;OW_MXA8;
=7]_LTZ
95\TF+QXCU[
95#VK=&\5Z.







MF1WD2;:(P]4*+\]I7#W





=YG6'F)\_*+
35&9/

ME*V

T* RI7PJ.;
X_NUGWE31O/1&P
ML]]$K^6ULF3$9E2727DE0ZV^8K-4$_A&M7

=M%K?]W8V&V
MB\


O&214;YY;5$JEI4$QU1[3.F?




MZWB
2;5+_XC^E(3)Y=BFJY!47L6EMVBIF5.A;KPR<M?;_%@I_5KV)'1:
D
MD(C8_[C65ZDJO%AKGHW)PNF
[0D6X17'-J^PP
#];2SR[1_A+5; FE4+%AH#



P.WM-=I6U


F%1 U95:P=L'#_)U

I^*Y*^%
#S7TC_K_D?P'8.TD3/.OY[]%T_D'ZG@(9Q=+'








.@LS_7#XEQYAV:T




MQ' 
AQJA[1J!'OB4^(KK:(3N/(?]A6_TH3

M9^I3-0QLZMBN2JCMNZYBV+X7NE33;=\Q2&/^;LFI8
JJ/ARFZV_1DW]$-_$3


M;1IZBF.J*C6TK;@3E\_%U3N\NM-E 



MKC*N73&N9P6&1HGF6P' N-!V+

MXP1UZ8QWS;R*9C\D=M

M]#;*%7U

%S-42. J@4%I2$T[P 0WW0B)
MR_C0V

M.*I#2!A0
/ 
M]&C''C%:SO'KG@#IE$71.A:I;(QYFC%*3*_7LFS;:-S0T_B/853Q'\=S0J*[
MKF9KH

[BGH@IV3@'2O;

NN




MX^C5416 ]SK5J$]45Z669EF*XBE!$.B!#IQC*?LQSA:%=[*



YNR

(%$2-&:11/
M)N)7QHCX&:8X*CYO69_OR13@QZ?X7OJ:3J





E!+\0N42%+\RB3[J+)
I9^42Y T!-I#K@KOXVR


*Y:JA[;D&T2E<XA*=@#1S0ML@ANJJ70% ;A\ 4/<.-75*




S.\^3C@1)X??-H PB2:#0GL.





M\%8@I37^7O=RV+*E#S6HC]#+\7N[((7*1%=DE3XC% .7$ETVK2&7HP59I56R
MRM)




MJF++AOV



:

MM'1/F44G2JT2C!
2+_ 5U[2HYIF.9QJA0R@PC.N9V@80?@:SM-/\C!P#L_3#
MYMV3YAQX&VY0- $-FXQ!@4LCWBUY 

^$U



+$'$

MFGFP#L01&*]X
ZIXP4H
)-
EDK$&DAE(YF4D8_8V-W5O

Z@?6J&F*8:G!;YB6[;B'D9ZF6U)+TV5J?4JE12Z

HKS;T!



M$XK]4U0+2\%3)[!=ZEBFHQ!'H7Z@;53**\C



M0F-F:@TO$U

JJ-RS#52W/
M5G1L?NI RNJA0Y5=-,R:+#1]&^%]KS;*+N)\T/9EVVC


M?)I

M]3735C77LPDA(34MU]@ \

P%(5

M]N_RRDFZZ1

%(
2H




'/@4WC=KI^;]T+



MLH


.GN7.

&


M[HFE1?1SZ

C1'-XCB^KI!+=-R=5L'S&Z[2F!:MK:1
E75
MRPJS=.K! )+9$F;YN:PEZS*BX]=]1\H+?BZR&!J,HNRA\M%/,T!\.PSU+6

MQ;.V'&Y^32EP@/*=MFP-V9*#%!BD@$UK6




55D
M^?=\.HN=O[)%&4#\[5L9/[ <_^N\G(79JO^O_R,01 $)]72<Y?-)-IG.EHMB
M<IR1UC=8:UK2W/&)A[BF[.^F7W7M@)T#7N=5$)8![ CU&@FE$78 $&!=!*:


/N[


M.CH





M/[R;53;SB





VF?HB;;J!A,YG^7Q<9/DBN$CC(M9.
M91B.LMC%\ZW+^YY<FK;#4#Q6F8P9J* @&Z<+:J


UJL:BFI\NF:N1+^3'(Q_QV[^1MF=GYJ  \
M$N!5SC/KK;P<N:MXM.HZ.#-'MO7W!EG#J6?48FPT](0R#3A4F@&O--@2I?:

MO=6MHR5N





O24-EF2OHIAM
W3E\BXRG
P22


MM;/!UJE@L1'EG9Z2U[^C23I3LP
^F&2G

1^&

(X2-PC6EHO6!4CNMN@F;


M;WMW:O(_RWK1'#?_I;PG)MT8YHU=;C;


@(I9:RWP&$)J64:1!D(M.268[^#
M##0VP:

/ YQ=4[8
M3-A
V$S83-A
V$S83-A
V$S83-A




Z]0_-3PD+([BQ
M)0)) C3!W'

T;&A[#CJ+[6\M

8S@PVQ'  :9$B'5WLH[S@'


M
?E*YM.G8I%/Y\7$Y=4\C-@^1$N.N'C-^%'2K6/5K?5GQE?L;E@?DJCM=L.O

M[^?C\EOQ6UG?U9)*W-.2ZHWS
4B.1+?YF



#
@ONCJ
;3NNF .VYJKK.FZVU67D10

M&8



M[Q!


M0R)

12J;&F+BY#7&%//=BJ



]2_;%.OA*2O





MY




JC=?


J9E#
I




MU$*F*8?4 HII

*
%
!@ HP2E()\1.5HFGN?K!T8L-I4D;



MN'YM*^L-+*
N4XO]8WBO-H_T)5NX#+9[Q.(:KJOGKP&;75P?U=F\?!UT$^K
M#)HE08@H: LZ .QG 9O3'
K
=:4 :0AXO[&89N?BG$\*&]Z%L8B?G!=GETW

.%HJ[9NBY8G+2V_W*;EZU3S=-Z(.3&Q)TQ\A?L[U'1O
M7[7G




PKK)$(V


@6W+2!3J(X62)B= )4 ]PT'$H-V-


=&<+I!*</NYAW38I

D1 6((
ME4='P

AD?T*7I#]711?ZJ
M[]-QL?+)/Q7C\NN\^93&/3^48#Z$(P&Z/!4Y:4/2AK1N)6PF;9L)FSV9M/
MLJG$QL8#:BEA7$)K(!!$..

M+ 2FW*C@HBDFXKD&$&+ [5;5V--
JI[L(6)P%!1X1+K=TYV4+E$]F69]%3?1
MBIL4WC((+'



M4S$++YU\S*O8O&QW=4MAMR1L2=@&*6P_/Z9LI%4VY;W@CFEE@*$&0$Y5=Y
M::PD5LM7
MX^%8M\.B\F+J_F83B?J6MU&

M*


:F)_?SX


M70/\



MWNJ18BD)


+2&:P(


MWD%B&0LC10UU6G #*



FY3]C4UA
MMI_8U(=R_JX).Q5_Q - BCJK5EU\8DPJ0*FY_;BI
&X-/G(O]S&U.EA1PK!M
MSRZQLX8H X
R*4P)T
X#SJP#(/R#MOI)G2SD 8411Y%88ZM=;WV0RJMXM_
M8LTAL :WG7

MU1CJL \N*.($0T8 L UK*
NKQIZ#A J%/!4

M?;#B7H]
1,!^*=\\3#H^1A







M

M#'GM&(-\JP[[F53LKOYZV/G=XXMIF_-\_K6(F_TOJN*LJ*H8T9XWA2G?8J@[





MD=P@)EKB$D(E$[(;HG9SYV4B9B)F/T@)F\++1ER3MA@XVLON3#.F\;8C(J


M/



M119HZ1V6U %JE21LZ_3Y;5';P-@^37@*1QB_RH;&0]&Y1-\CI2]JZ4L\!-9*


ML0(12(.I+A&+QH5SDA#G

M\-B.'.O



MV9@ 
 D@9
2 X (;IK S BI@P\
VJV&8SLRJ3.3&X_;20F)2;U@TD;K?L\

MR@2;6SH+G=CJJK8M9DVF[T







M36K3 *



M)TJ+EM(08Z$U( !32P%EVE%B




M$@)*(XS3QCM$(=*246
GVAU%4\HD

TYS.:A[

JU6SQ&I??OI7QH\KQO[*+916?662+








M6?DQ91.B+7&VR#@)=/A7.HXUX9H$9;


[^F

MI*#.
(







M%5NHN.TFOQXJGG'Z58)

-
M_7/6=AAP$ (O2:0.PH1UAAB$KOT2



MQLN@6@=5I]F_4O%$Q^.D(VT+II&$PA*H=-SWKG2DIB%(2T&%1^&/+NC8F16.
MNBY=2Y1
E.P')=EF%393RCN

M_'LYO8A%

MQ.[


M5'HD=WZ0[KRDK3O/@O(P;01VU!D(@XAYM-I43;P$^D%W_E

:
J

0K- $9$







M\0H30:6D6@
O #::


MF=6-


M3D=R)_?_2K$0:OLW. $M]-*3X/Q3[:PFW )CG


M;1-Y&9&[
_TI3DQ.3#YZ)K.-EDH&$8^IXX]D$ X3ZEHG @OM;$2=,OD[GHT
MHE?92W(H3#Z^*/VMSB]_%-5X&GV0LVRUS;6\V-41.29QZZ^&/29AHDTJ\F!V
M,(XE]YNLU$ZN!)0

&Q)X!O2]CFIIMF4\W)BMN#:+)/GT)-&),#B$DDF@T
M !IAT+8V9X #Q.*J+P!UUENL3*,N&5#=YZ%S3J,(B/$XT2C?I(]0FD!'$

S
3_:?B_4?-(\K/.@7Z;\=E'
ZR8F\'%V2#T64^U[8FT_6
O;
M@!VD1  
-7) DVO^_#_AK5$X;D@RTF.F9M=_M7$VD3:0='6M&V53
\N-J6

BK.BJH(C49Z%7Z:Q:4Q9


4?L%.2RD!Y=L&^O/XTV'3
MF


($.8LQ] &Z]XQB1G45#NB#?!<H_L4RI?5IVM@G9P=Y%E)
MC\QO;TW^1,)#(.%C!CYE9.- 1BP%Q1PZ8RAT5 4_'!$J%7?( J8Z86%W!YM

#6;N_@VH6T/;7Q




4-MT-1.E?.6$+Y?












B(Y

FD

0O6^7N%F5*U1U@).R1^J3FD:%%

M5F0K*Q999*Q51GE$J ?*$-.XBQQ  



M7!/(
+R]D*C)_RSK12R-J+^4ZIJF



M4I2D*

MGV_??.






!?US?;_ 7_^A^C;%IG
M82C6:W!VEM=!K199

M;#*M EIGE]E957Y;O3%NL(IVP[S\OKJIQ7EX83&/QE =\5Y'.C4Z6_P15&):
MQ :2\6(7\99&69R 96-]3+(R/!Y6VV)>E^'\L6BFIXNHTK'\PC*B^4LK\+K
MHG&^




N$7IY-3YO_I@4


MEV$X@F*'UR* P$S*JPZLUDS;7F#L(

M C

#A=Y]=:;./IQ7EX?


M^2LK
3%^\_^.OL!7BXS *. !,C3A^MM'BN
M%;^ZJI6;M/H]N#5?PV<$<S)B-BO7TI#7D_S?V=]FY6D,PS5!D0QZE_%(KXD
M@@VMP';CLWX$'5I!H[&?;H




Y/+N*5=JHW

ZVS,Q?TU )AA3!$<
M@.QN[:=_
ZMP\:8H4J(DS'K5$HFCCJR\\Y=^P(@=@S4B8C]R'1Y*6Q'BAD&X



A
MJ H]&U0MQ2DYG9?RPK9XW9'T%%[+S]HST-I 38. %7I G$94NH]\/R[XL4
W
MGH^G(T;9!KH4H]QQG
\I];$-8V+.8&Y3(5T_<HAR;%=&G*'4B7=-='L/*]

MHCE/4I;Y



MH\RT0RF




M+



U

_7DZK2N&$NL3XLZ
DOO-  S5'6EH_%D8-51-BV7RALK
M/(B1_K13GEE^8C +QL,9D/-B8OF^IG4P.[*&4U1NK.9?677)O& =B+EAY

IO4%F^GN*
M

 X4C:F(N&L+J8 ;^7!I

#U?%\RZ4@O






M'OT*K05NKYNB9M7C

MP



]JR59B]+D+(Q2
 WN

MPQ
1(@M
Q-L

M[OM.B'DAL

W0*85+@GD;%8*BD;9@R0[G0'C-
M^(&.)W@$
2FDSO/(UQ:_7 QOJXMP.8TUZN%5R!3J[.DMZ!GS$'Y$4)L]]3








M'#N





S:3R7!AO+=-Z&U3 HF)OVFS&M%3
MTG=8FCP *_U+JK$89PE8WZ-%J^L.6L\P^F]NLUGE;-13UBA_ Z,3W0D+[9

4W@G

2$R!)4:!9)YB@2V4$4
M %_I5BAQGU'FN\IC 16^XZH@@$M=8*?
9?9N]KOW/6_8GU*36QW)QQU$&O\9
M&R59G^#.BPL;G%Z
'4 @RPM5I*WX2N86
 T3'QSJU2NV^FU:OMZPE+'NAU:=


M8Y@Z8R*I&VE9D^0:(8DQ5%LE296+V0QS-3!H4.X39-.(E(; LZFL+\+3
$

MSV4JJ'-6VV7X]P*=;SJQ!J9^:UI CEH_(6[U%Y
KJSU[WX887= OA($A8&OG
M848/ZJS+M)M]-$KO=+_!.H$')UVI+\TC!AAZP$!_-R5I?\+
2?)?/U:)9A\Q
*0D(,X$X41:[K<^(!4I&QP^$($XW
S:2KE2A1WU$(V*$
''N4.(@



M]



1*P@X8'URB

MON)ZU
'[36'?3VG:A'Z3P\G(NBWP]/]'R2/!@*4((1W&PX/B&E[5
51VY



OQTIBXME($5G)7

07&
MB
RZ;[)7UGL-X/0O X&RZ66=%^'V;'EV@\:45/)2B\9IG576%#,L 9A8XWR
MK],*3B,K.H!.&W.)=&%N^U*=I8T-I'2&796=MA.%JH(0FQKZ;?M3P78 ]VH\
MT6,@LGE9PWNE2XWTCA%F=H9(3&U!0@S09ET(Q;*
@,0\@K^VBR*3D =U
 /
M1EYV




$S <HU$3!V[
M-G'0&-ELW[RO?!%J

WUAJCVPFDUXR0C


9=M;H6&R5)CD00A7^IN2_=-/T7=^6ERWQ$I
MIC'9U@=WVK%435=TP^O6YGIM)=1M)/XT)/3:HC/0OTD'5@TDW!\ZO86-











M]
$G5[9[MH-_[K;Q(!I:X&4!1QV^LD)(]LI4(FI!.XA-N2^9&\W+
?G?'L
M

6:!L^]*._CZJ.('

3L+2TZ7EFLXJW+C';BYG#[-!7+.).))0G0
E7DC'
0XK6LH_.


/QKW&_Y8A54GFY:TN*JI'
EKUEQP)FP^O2C\GWP[!G0=2




O#-^!P7S[W15[2B6@NA41;J=]H T
02YAN

MJVX*JTT3'I2'O#JI31/?E:MLK4]R8XL!:=(NJR30@Y.%85A[F-S*^]?YV5%I

JL1&2??&E
&3HK6M2CE'




M?K.NT&S]^*8Z\_URA+')RUCIZ]$][.-N]FUGD$F3;=$Z7$95
I:!OV[2DDP3



MA^GO-;M3R.UV)A]PA_C
HX%@KLLC 9I/;


M2!N!2U@TS34F3*HO(-L?V:E
CNO*I
W/ZUQ9-I'$O9V@6 -YPY8A;_XW+?)1

MM





M];4P5*=EJ!%E3(2VHPCGG/! :XH 1V5^;%WEI=U*D8:L_]+HK[;8#@?BCE

)G^4+W4*TP7 ?5+Q2_
MJL%/$1L:@3P- IA&85?W),T.E_! ?6GH\Z)W8 *A?\ED^+)9#0IC_-YZ8-

OSSW:?A;3[!-KSZ

M)

M!NUSKL:)V

9Q\SS?


U#
M\R8,Z]=_KR-,]0!C_(#$L:!$X2^\L*0A4ZH?V8J H$\1X4&CF_A^V2SE?
M?:NO_SF=ID4RF=P/P :%K!EJ4ZSA?6O_LC6VJ-7.9*=8! 0BCZ0F JXFCH)
M#QLN(5+FB\G( LUD

MJ*$E9
MYL

$GM)/0:Y
HYB&5H1\Y7
92N:&P0T+B KF#2G
M-YLNTI$_?_![7FH^L

/;9'JSB\!;

M%FV6\4WZ[AHXR9_ODC$

X@!%]KRJZROA]YZ\LEWA45;_?!SW)_O9




KK:PL%^G(&BT*G?N'
MR7NP2ODQ=1BO@*
?W'#PI+&A)^5=HN5=G(
&IFPOD#;AKD=\P;W($8K8/G%H

$YM3W.





M&






M?.^5%2P]2@_/6K$@!1?
\*'/S\?F#-)DDUX6:!!M8T;;H+5:NIG:#N3V4=
M0@%AE:8XT0\KBX#C



MELQ!C)UA!Z50A8(HQ[%#
*&$PK
6

M




MMI.[YE$XO8ITR)FYLB*S/UU-)$






9&;




MC')X$I)T/D9N4?G]

BMFFM&!M94B7WG@._BVM3V8#9%
M.6$TW:2^&FD$EO5JMVG_2ILC\[XY\A%\K6^.?
SX^^;(?7/DOCGR:7/Q^J5X
M&TOQ]

M\O@&(^/*^I1

M)JI
Y5E__^@IH^TIHE]]KU;.RM+^BNN+XWUL3];-V:T%9_XY*HXR'-V[7I

Q/\F-P;

REQ6-GRGS55_D2*S




MO)EO4QD\^?PN$$CN
T^)(-4_];5OX3W_=/?7!^U:ZH$\_
5L
^$G;:%TLTF7/

M/CGWXIA[Q/%L[A/E^Y$3
KY-SR]Z?M'SBYW\
MPFOYA1
3B7T[J2L\#Y4*EP:$N5*)F#$_M

M9_G_IM/'&&BOUAY_V^V'7=+R




N3=@.ZN!/]RH)! K_HQ76Y7!OTTWS!KK_?K^/8[EMV:$;!9[#
MI$V)H-R5Q.-V1 B/B2)2Q(%:XEBZO+NFGZVFP@EXQ4#1YRO5\[VS6R)]/D=


B3F;C2'7C
Z3EDSR%[#MESR--Q2-ER
M2


MPK






 /DIN4[.[Y\FORK[RH

^W\_2I2?4


P
K'
MUOPVM8+\#IYS_U__(2EQ?RJM&]U-K/:?6=GT6 KKUNH^\-:?CGWG_+9(TY?-



Z^A%AD(UW5X1$-.




M4@LGS*:*

DI^L!)8S&RJKQA9&L)N_1V%1AO0/*A8+BX9M\4E

MJX![ ?5C14(1A92#IJ388U4CV5/+6M+JRU..W-9;)8ER. \C(B@-'.YSAX2@





[

MS9HC^_

MMV$N

GK






M9S*9P%4%WJ^/W];-L3(@&J0TF%7W.



M


6DJ/@$@X4JKDV\2P
ME8# @4W[OCG
2+7E5H(Q
=/J&(V

0F!0

M#E/#E9



MPAWHQ!1:V?K+JD2*O$JVQ:8A;6$.2=R?(R)UH_H#G1AED@*S'7:(54Z_/I
M'F7T*/\HD#6L\

M1+H4CH5T1 )B57G6A!!(.3X#D(X2V4XS@
+X7_464[]ML]%M5V#*QJ0S3=



M0^WF @WH:Y
Z7 Y

&Z8!1Z6$%?$W[WRS%
A=


M$K$:8%K5DE]IYN5J ^D^\[+/O.PS+_O


R+[V#


M)--1?H=*SQPL'/THXT+:_
M%\FT;+

F
MCZXJ'^.&F:_PH3CP&ZPM1^X]:J.=:


M_#
ZYL12QL#FSB9*H]WB^3Z5+-R)./&;Y 5LD[A:+\(^S2X]
!$)8AH\CK4^FA2:*[9
M<[&H]D< UP*G\&S5GJJBRRSVEQ5VEO)R,J^VH=^NZ$1-6-G^KLSG8*M?ZJ
M4]5T+4^YF,U 7TYNBE3[*M\6=B3AP\+;07J0G$-=[2(K;+92
'PH*'(43





MS


_WWT:


QCO^_6!O[Z'M8.ASQORVLQ;&^;18A/ X1^G&ERV
MXK$K
#5RX/G2S)*R80?WRZ^J;JIV2]<WQLSW#M=




3%V#4;M
'70&&3CKOC:W)C^'IBS9-O095$B#MFS,
M8?N\(@^;)+_S^L1$ZX6,;-=W*7.9D(XM8\=QN*M(%$@:$?A\K=-C(LZ15=/

7;XC

8


M!Z&P5K;L5/5M?**NZ
-78CE?M79^O71KA8$;'U&J^^XW^HE8AMA0Q@?3U.?X





?Y%)Q0((AK:L EC3@RJ?Z!L245$HU@;7!'N0Z)8WY^VIO
ME3:(] 9<GER&GCW-0=#6\RI=,.*E1V).?9O' 7,##\E#.(%P1;A$O'4Y.&^

M
QFV.%RQ4$+X42A5S
(@D$)@_;'D4OH
%/XU9(_GEV *5Q$6L485N515GU R








M[-J

DN4#0F=L .([O[
A]7











MEZ5.$/M)U GM']4=
BH

7H;X
GG

M-PRY5$J$BKE\K0+\^4
A%R%3#FZ.#
?I'#+E^Q:7KD8\J@
C& /YX=PA?[=5

M'HL]5THW\C2B.N)V.'V&KS!\\?]7QB-G,41MAO]Y4)W@KL^R!$WK@A!XX
M877F/7!#YS0HP7T2_&6@!/([D;5^^]_4YVJPWR:3$;6Y]O\;E:^/&#_]X_I

Q&O0!&CA)U4OOA4R- Y
%RO1G[Y+]5M-\_TE3Z;:9JBHSD*R




M0$8




MKP^TZX_R&5)3NZO6\K:^0&VGZDS0R2J+_4^JYE?^IS^LW_(*\P O 0$_L*KF



L\$(A.'K8#R)8?C89KMYQUQN:F80

%\HA;!5RKY'[]



MER\H:+=PT:2

BMFN
+N

ONJF//[\8
?YTEG*')


 ^;


XZ5YR[LAQ1Y(J9)UG/37



(9R*ZU:QEH;PE&[.ERR+5!K\.!P_6:E0(D1%/+C90%$
M+?O^\A SZF&P
$\OJIYLC30#V_3'(*^;VYGCJ%(:U8*92A2S&M(-FO4DKU

TSQF]L*FP\S&I E9)Y!!XS#A$P?-9BHNBC+S@FOBWD'HI218'YL5_
M;)5E]

T%UUX2UA//FVD*%&_JC\NOSGHE
EBMH6FNV.OFAM49Z08








UPI
MJQK.W

M(T8O6+_+J@4L$=0AK:1.%)


U?E#7I


M
L1;AF*J-WU3QEW6




M:X7H3

%S!ZN*SYDQ:=L


W\!ZK

EL












U:]3:C*YVK




MMU(/EEM)='])%=[SU9Y*K'V7'?
/

#R_RM



 2FK'3**H3WB;X8D7JI)VH<]EAUVW'FK


UD\10#EPLA24H51ST/K;X*-YMK152=



M
;-O.=A8_I[SWC2+LRG#



:_
O/P(6/2&1_K20'S&BUT@




'422J8M(T&]\X-JL]WT]%_EJP)
MO_$58[:OLQ286

MGG$







M[29-SU6BOY


?BO@FS;




H)AQ
X$XP@6/K#TX:_

-06]O.693FWT^X)W];GV
QC<Q7V/Q_08117W30F2;7RS%EP[GEJ




M3$B3(NQ
 +&6P+WMZN9UH=Z[Z7!VDWT
\YF#;?KK;!@OWCFS ([Z\^#@YI
M+SB4S_G;II7Z

A[X



ME\'-[5]

MWV;+#X


'G ;S ,.LMKK/PZ2#JP-7YK-A/_RS:*XWSLA0GUBZG =I&ZJ[<?R?0LZ
MES8S!76E&*@UA-T'<B_@8.XM5L&UR.D$16(H)SJ-[-5.*:6UP.@XRUPT9_
MLDN@XFSV1^_K8++*WC87W-L\Q^(?@[B*A33@+TB+-$X(U^ L6 ]+2*C6J;96






T_+N^



'Q

MD\1:2K1*X;M=3F/EB+C!?'X'*S3147\ S3%GM)+/MA*H!3=N_B8/QU=SA&?3


E5BM/ML1([C3

[

M*@67'1.9[  [.51
VT$G$[C9SGH1T^_$Z?Y4 

M/2UJ#?R)13I)0W&RY
)JJW6((&B/158-FH4@@7_J;#@.[,6 DBB:!7%_^RL
M]K-2)9?:@(OR.%AYR IYVGLD/Q!4D8XJ ]%TQ1YP3%EB9:LD7!X0'FTAK!*

:.

MI@'\8+0:EM&785$4E&

M]CE.P0P;4Q_?T
5XG7

(=_(0$H#V$:*(2AE4#
<)E0QSPU$B7:)A[(Q+A!J0'!\LF)
MM#HY;@K6E'9!:WT+HZ@O'QYL^+FPIU_&./'1&X?=0=@/5<.A?;8)A-?)X?
M'N]E-&_2OE^AZ=8JXY_7\_(6MX,OV9O/\VSPQYO!%;SSX/)M\'= A[TOZ_G




$N
M^9?ATI_'2VT8?,0VX83!5L_((D:.,*B1X
U]^S.#UDE$/3A$\^9L/5/
#3


_;/P;_LM/O1_#NQ:?ET3Z]:
IO\\Q]VM?
M@)
5YRR$

)@#&-22VTBI6+
)JP1@-KL^H5;9'LZ


MIY?

M16G !O6ZO)[/5E^N\PE'L_E\]BU\.@)++1_



SCK-7&%:

@.

;E_]$ LYP)Y^5HP%3QB

M)-1Z'\#(A76.:L\?&*#0%DL

I52T(22-%F'P
)!N

M/*::%%B4#*]-UT%IO-9LO/L/K_P47-2/0;1=9W'^P?!]QFR


,ALQZX,KJ[&04CNV9A^$=F/3G\V
M@5_!-8&!X:.0K*DNJ6:_;T[D_18+6V,D=3*. 8H+\
N[R)$(2GWK.%LJNJ/

F\%T=05J=#4/_UJ/W^Y'
M-I\N9_.[?F2]H&I[










\BTT








M%DUH98_8[6I^.UOD/2-YKFRC]BWFX/X+5%W

M\=^K8.C%TE3X\J[J&FZOUOQ!5JL-2TR541IQ;H@PJ31
6Y](C:BSAB:V:E'9
M46QNUJ_[)!S76CM7.EO-7S4W S.W6M?W
#]5YAB3SF/KI*&

M3:H3FXH[Z*@L[:FJ\;;HX:\U)53=(O#OFHWU8=U9/
^*'H)%[W/VY7C
W\7X

MSB!.X]2S!YJE7PYG8/6DC%$=]JTRQG8@

M4E1!3_7KBJI$GQC#1L(5T2*MG1 YSD.)23'/8F)F6&1D\N
#%&:9V^C1 IAB
ML\1[7/14!C]]/



LE%T1P+Z3#98'%V'=9CQ3U%5 \@28SDG


IGGCY:=J
M#\XV!/[R
J\E3PD[ RPC&)2
M2MQLB<!_&']XA_R]R[Y+.K9IOQ\^;S=@5AME\^'<\7RT_?9O\1VL;/(S3?
M+&H_-2X_RM%\\M#[_%35M#^21U$5R1,,4ZF531'75GIB/).!RP262ANO'LEE
M0-?SC.QURE0[(GKK=J $U0 'FP-]&XELA$!

MK
D:5:P-U(T'^;&&@:T$HDPE6A*/$L^%3 
_:J43SCUNA%5W=2;^?;I:9*.R
M'W$#@N.^!/

55#9E+-O/\:*Q3;\8E7GHQ6IX7=C\


AT72*23%%B%J-BD^J)CO7;&PLXSZGYG.&E^M

M; 4YX$D]TX




M#


42&Y=*DDF!P)&W0@0LBSY?[V
MP[RVC?!Z!*S
7B?CR(D;Q4R0V'&]WR\Y&V^OQ1D/+PHXX
-\=C
.
#%WO5#6





Q1EEB;^@4=:$X1W0%J

Q4LS
M
U)X_YY9?0DU 8$5UC/L?P.;MP0=VL9@S$=H=2O5&-?\*^$#ZH &;PHE5AKA

MQ;C(R CU7\:OU^



&G
M;[
SNRSKW<2WOG?&GIT-YA&^P8_!W%W.YHOU/.(=
MRC*_?_[.JP$9C6(:U VC&!*F$X%$AICPA

..&IM-LZMQ

5^:WQ=T7[TZK0;Q
M




/IPK='S$Q)H X=<4#6K


B.%3ELYG$&(*8\$0#?R38:H\EM\2)A=ITJB

M
WA.O?$0-YRH-^A;H3K4&_?$?+:3Q+#$M48IS:9[AY3NU#
AJ_0/FX]U@*L'
M5U=P61Q?NE

/=GU72Z:D<FUBA&
ME*9&:TZU
<<%3_U3:+J7R&4G:]76JX[K6O7OMT7V9CB9+0J=&?[Y



M8'[W$5ALET4 ]&W7C02%*+O
9VXKP\;BT&8P;3N2MS6CC4V#QL2!E1.EV5O
MXBY^C],Z:CG*!T(R&Z^4Y]L'B^M)MEAS=0@W=USNR%%5KN3A_$\M^5(:HX$


?+'/8=!3[[M;36QW -1






GD.$Y\X#XM+

M]P9N&_H#QHN(;0&K[(E=HW*OQI.(;/-[MH@M<CT7-A6T<)%.Y6&\]LBR!$4
MP?5L/OYGV5%0W@740


]]&&I?


M?#\CO7#-8I?C# OZ@C38$ZJ/=F(3YFQROIN*Z^0)1 ^P

:;LHN)71B'4CD@[WN11]UF4/PD90H2CS#=O+3KU

MN%OL+6

MB'




T;1B;CPJ;M$P31OM*D;YJO]2S4E:Y\JHT
M5B

M:H436E(MN0:#%HE#/&4


G










+_KO
M%;S_U7C=JE)\#^Q3M*Z M(!5DU

[?

J4T24!NN+

8IJCIP.LZHV1E9$!OV\A\
_WU4_:7+X[
H4Y!I

MFRP?;^A!A50\;\M]#[N=QLT.-]N,WHF62%]S%B?DXZZW?XW-(MN\@:-I!0


H)')G!DY@








MNYP8UB^2QD4.:QC._
##79X K(*MT H84:08^S!Q

M)!1(]RJR;YQF_^EZ



C/;0Z_(O8^42-CH=[B3NWAK]W&/T159F(99X)X(W0J




)099YX1^?$G^
UFCY\%L9ZNK
M#C0@0[9U4 
[K92K*#<=_=NN4:%E#4_4X$=I1FC*O/!'$IL=ECHM&6+M==NUX)1L:<S7





M**ETFAB1)$J1-



S
KPV7/S!N\KP?J2
MMC[ZJ6M5PJI(CS:IH 8K*;SA@FN5LC#_Q[J4*Y2@]HHC#J
S: L@[G
3EO4I




MGP*M]D[&XE10).$%4B2U










_%


;+N_.SW


M





W#)D3FG\.'P[S[

E[T8LHF2'2\W?CF=C*^&L
G

QZ]N9V!J/4^9\MO69;?)




M/_8S/+







MLG%8WNE.P7H_BZ;Q1=$OG[/%HR_@Q_1VF^?@FM]%JE43J4?@/*=E!9,
M[J'2[;MFV!;E

]EZ7@*\@L7]0)\<3YLI/=C


?



:XPR#1*.::6

DP.OEAPQ(+#




[R (HQ7CA
X@M/A^#WQ\A+R5BPP:-Q'M5M$=OR:4Z73:T.Y^;Q


@HLW+62+[R$0(F0

KX*6[3IS'9A

26#][;+'E?UO.B_
M.B 1DCBF2#5!EJSY].]D B3 3=Q B10QTUTM@B0RUE^9\ES5&RHFF(8D2M



YPJY_#V'


E^A:+W^ZKY)[X0-GSB=LMR450I[1&KG(ZMA%


R^1+J:MNCTAE&7'_-\EABH^_.Y2$B^3





:
M#(E%/17D7X84Y;$1AA+L?4,J2)C0B;9DB_W/DO@R*9YC]&PSS?IBK7(78^

#VW[G3Q_/G
^AMV]3+AO#T+W2=%I'8:M


MXSD;2V+]JSMJ_6)
:)TTWR\LQ-J@T/D$A:RO.-K/NC^4=5'?68!HDW'(6.7X





M%N1OSZ






:
*HX48G7E00@E6H3^Q$VI((.=#:




A= )WSV8
M??Q#;4V;BN0*-=FDX&0MPE:*G+E]]PXVL U3G:AU\:9AJKEW^';7]?;4G_R5
M W?/?]SIX)MZ:P_



;6NCXM.*-^]
M%
?1CJ^I)H^OT2O

1-

QL


\QG1

$1*:Q332&M+C&X^+_'0



MS3%3$8\95IQH:IB



MK&






MA-8E!.6QJFK;1YPI1A




M^\



%%
1S;6G NB#(VT

5X@SC9 U
M




M$8H
XW_\]CD*?HW-UT[PRV=[M??X7V&)5XS_\W 

_



M%[@4:YU?

; ^+K;786 
7
M*
6?6 %'O40VXYU_SO= /)LD]\%:_V:8CQW0O!L.N[DCEJY'H5DZNKGWJ+&;
M 1@=/CJ--(6%!9S\\A__*WUX_

0BWBF)*E

N=P7)JU_;X$^ 27](P.C[69X-X 9=.ME


5+YW[
]D4LJ'PQZH(/R=/0\O??.M<CST=/.-'PZRKP_+@^!YN@H#\7F?O7)!W!
M=;CB%9G[]6B:1G14M5:KD:(U:%TZ=TQX\BB4$3
^ W)542RN;JLM7)LU!A



MSV&%NI-^[5C% TS@?OK\-


AH[=5B_0;S?C8?WP!V#)

Z3&\LC+FKF(19YZ4-65%D[FPM)R/R





M

M

7NU



MZSK4'S=)1EY)1J28LIH('D4Q5UPJK$
P2BG'-C*
+IWH.IYD+$CS'# 9H1TP

4ZL
]?6&H?KT5.*(E-I$1H(^X,
M8V9$9$BLF<46Q30\J=2^S56?7B5BRW0'H4;MW;WI\S235EI!U'H+S]-;R'EU
MTC$2$0ZY!KL9PW4K0Y$@RV4D2 3P- [/)(VO.:%Y:R9DBNYW+G@W;D)Y^N5





=12
MN1]9

6T^


4\IA'5ADE9
Q9H0&85&1J?-U ^AH 5
M1Q6P.^%B7]%\K;A=9-?$2
+7!7\3QA&E!*%(Y0(0
M:R=B161PAGNA7)+-&
M
?(*\EJ+BW'EYFP4%U]&$]K%%)YNVX1VBR&V36CW&7_;A+9M0MLVH6TVC[!=

S/QSZ
M]FE@;O? ]!D/1WF0/CZ.@#U\D[0Y]\
QVV@(4AE#***
($$MMXI;E(0Q#84A

MPS2X==64O_EJRH=2QT:7#*UR*94B5'*I$9:&*T:





MKC2R&$56QIH*;9S*T)@*)

EWG
MK;T
KR






;XG@_*D
M1

*61K:)(HCC@4QBB:4VSB2#!&E7M$ _6TRSL?I

M%G

M!#4F$0N3
.'
$IX0I(BQ@!T9D&H(4OH5#XH=GN3;B$IYC1+]YZ!4+L(MW2;Y
%-7.D8@841L51A&@L<\
M
EPE-DJ


MV-
F%Q0TXBI9
P3I9ZB.^]54W5G=AKJ]#5\K'R9K;*


MV;;6U(=:I83F403:CVOF.GB$1$54J%@J8N@BV\8E27W)1M]Z-]EJYIW9PIXY

M#8JG30:CV0)ME 6#Z:HO284:M[O?W90_N




0[]9&!W=0MIN9;  Q_T]A82\ '(RP=XWG#DW)/CS&N/Q_1YSLGE





5A9)9X#V1& )N
BKB!6GPV
^Z=_X9[LGP5I!O

4(+

M R=X^W





M?@


ME?/.LBQ^
4#8'3XZ+G7L[-




IN.WUB^RH59&%

M0Y9Z3 D#_5*
H# 0&*'3P?_B7(

DD
MI\)@RQ512LK8
D(TBT)MU%+*[MY1U.) ]V^W!0@STQWLKM+/#(0?5C/-Z^34
M9QB%5\?NM

 )W_YQJGWM2



0G5(8ZD2CQ$=+-G#:TKJ_?WAKRO5/^P4K

QI?MN+AYAW3DX 53[R/IB9UB:(H#KA
M=(K@84F^F5/94Z3@


MXL2D7Z+9H(KYI5WGUO?6(2RE@]K.$GC.QI4!FPYF/UH)ERXCD00?FDCR\[^G

M(T#A_6$^&64NY2;L ^K\L(#QQ+$A
1'H:&XPAIC 16UD1()0E-V*?*+1!9


59=$ 




8@7[&3*Y'%5B=R6

1#!5W$148L26
M3@R6MFGAHD^\:^_7PK-7YL_ET22SD]$(_EQ=TO2%\J1TEIA&7\X3%^^A5^$%

M8




.)+_0BVPMN_#+X^#9W/[7B

MQ91OY8.Y/
:L==J
E%(B1H1:8P0F44(9&
(ADS$Q7T7%=X2$[\:P(LQK3E


M %MD/EYI-!FI.(Y1;$(9AUS(6''A$*+!
]_K'?:7POYVAQ-7O/.0#2X?ZBN+E'
D0W&?0ZY
)
M1M-<-FWYJ]!PZS5MQ54KKM:(*U$=W A1)'04*RTPTR8AFF*77Z!,(A(06$MY
MYLLH^FB2B;$.1J253)?BCQZZ!@.K[V_DKP^NN74I*C:M-FG;LL358$F'4H6
MDI!28Q 1$=(:&TPU)U%B(BSWJR-VO-P+LK')=.M;/U.
U):4;'?_DG?_?:4Y


8_?C'3_Y*-:0].G%_^/F?U?\MS*(0ZY\G#S#SFY
;
MMU.G3JGU!I-TID^_PEN^9/W
*Z)/6EL4*:%98J4-29BHR& J#6&4)3(QG[!O



MJ

MN!\Y//#_Y+B+;FZ1OA5IAAF]$2GBB@N1:48QO^9TYPW[/!QG :YZ!J2[/N!J

%F!P5




M@H(F%=X





WO0$

PZP_LLG7 47


;^%$A


L(ZH6



MXE%_]?)_7C\/NO]




][Y)=1Q%SB_K_E@\OG^BF/77T

^+F8GMN?IWM@W'14T38P4\D^

.Q RG2#P[A'!!LWC).Q:MH(6(XCD*WE2$B(9*8L5A&/(Q#0R*EWI]
M+" *'U([[+\RW $_JOM+]8/#!RB_*?#):)L#=% +/OJZA.[.+B7Y\?L[G?

\N;DT@2QWRJ:7WWNI

MG8X+Q#T9/*:]KF=@D4SAOEZWW.\-_4-.])T28#H=/3 !JNG_V+QFZJ!0=5
MOYR[#'/*@^?

2SXS;.3DR[UN



MHA*5RO

M9F6^F

MO;P9M8&N1:




MC






2IS3M.:!JN('YBC
M9*F'7IF=.EO8*4
XXW(X )9S&]6_F?13=R?LS]

MWN-TI1Q5]YU?WFVE$V;9:/SL*&YXT_/S\4*YY!(WKFEM';@O[0W6^;IFDX!M

6V4+.L$/@H]ZW
O7#TU5QH=+J
M





MLO%OG2 &8AD$X0CD0&=FZNSI4JNYYFHN[.D2%7[DF5@OXE27D19%V[2H-BVJ


M

M4KE=2\3H7=FSITX&+JH29 

JQ%P[9VC




&


MF!69'N6.5LDFW5[^.

M&8 Y)S8'LVPX$-

\X39&Q


&3S[\O-]V?;FYS[J3
M?O;;K;


M

MR6G_



M[TA2$4Q^VE0V;W?O^G'I;BV+K0C0MA*DE2#G(T$4K\J'6V1P@A-$=
R58@(Q


W3+T
MA3.TH#4W9R*$4?!?I%BJ&81]2:&B1Q1#;%T/L;&@L
S2^:H=\TAG3N[HQS






JC&R
M0N7#@S)D[CQM8V)EAS A:L5**U9:L7)V8H568H7:T(8F41:+2!&-N:;%4;@8


MIJ/$6JX(M92[(R].'BG%EW

B(D(
MD5QBPY/0(

-CDU
;4RD


M:DHJP



%\:K@P^($\28

HJHQ&)F(N(


8\Q=


O?^V=<T!C]KS:K^N#&C@MT)\; D8%T/(R+KC)
M^OWR6W_*P'V&R=Y,/Z_8\Z^]!V#$S]E3\,?P(5V9;!^=[U!
;P4]F9ZH4!Y


OBG@V$P+'3@
MCP#3LY%3(/#DCX#
QO?#20Z8+/_^PEEB8_7/(W#$#J1Q)!YQ:+G=^




M=21=:.]BL:8\:M

ICP7L7(AB?.^C%#-


2N
MRIP%TVU+;BZFE66OY(]QCEZC5JSYR+[6L:^4,86%6,+2W#@=6Y%A$B&K&0

M1TI3:X_-8:=9H:]EKY:]#F O)JIS+F N
V&3.
0ZE$)*&=


DE0(K'QD#^FAL;)MBZ_@_G]

V4JH[I

M4]:3JM;F/&(X$A1SBFP84HDB[H%W3$)J^5(MKD-8KS%PS2Z0]2XD)O!'-IZ




M+!'8

M2'
AK0@9Z*A(4@QH&1?^\E@1)9-,U1C/G.,.U*]R5U(9YP;Q4%K5E^
6;Y

89MPH1



M
MY12



Q

]/Z2V

M-C]Y3S[UJ:

4_!J;KYW@E\_V


MEY-Q/(HF9]GLO

7.YB'[!6


3
[._-SCAH6.T1NW:LO6]
(580 OZ(Z&_UL_
MUM]1S4
!V7J

N)M/R:#3\1SFZ.IJ=%^.C\.WL?%KZ31X-

M#@$*/NXKVOF(3W[8JP;X[I(Y\@#FMR)N?EOHD9_+R\8=+;A6
PWY
$% ;E95
MVV?%_D2M=S'W./H@G*_Q8/II[GGW-'!M/_*[4+OE?#*O_



 8(ARC&PG(3.I3FEG!K
M(5WK6O@TYB(Z82Y(]ACNLH'*[C&7'36X/9(J3\:S8OPE-+1









M=*-K


ZS%_C/-=NN\1_&_R[$5TP[$GPD@V;]@S^;R;K









/J./M\/JR63PR#S6?^_?ZW


+
MORC^:67(3(UC^RVHPEPN)]-E6^@PQ*9M36E8XOHTR5UE(/C[(_00-/?X_?E
MRWPX _NW;+?%_
JWEQ6 9I#_WJ#6VG OZ/GT[/
#QL:46=U(^HL-**.[_N
MRZGD]
E?8[*K^4HO'R\.%Y%P9_^''Z+:W)UR]M?A_CN _ID'&B[/YJ'YP:@
MA


W_Q?!1!


MZ%G#9J(K/?&$ZY?
+V!J


/S*!R*=7O\55[XFH3\OUET0'3&\L
//O%--*2&C




(/]=.

K?-?(*

M9ND
+]9

M_'D^78YQ67PICTZG9?&/H^+

MCY.+8OS V9




M?AL.9N?^5[\X[]K?S(:%9=5^=/RE[45^6$5,MC*9;@]H+!^!9_^OF'-=_Q

R

MCB9791F]I6$!%]$
E\5PX!?+B\27(:C@V OPU:PL!M??


WV%^V$
^# A'=ZXM+OWJ-.@CU

MYE:W]-FN8Q'.B\$B)

#L/()I
@T%F

3XXS
M$78_$]*QU]/RWXQK\H;OKR:75R5L[C^_N9 %K/JYLL5S3
642O5ZHT?[6YL



_Q@W?]O2P;(C]T:OF


N6,&YS:H&@EL



MV)




5$'D17J&[@O$



.W60;:WNO).6Z




^
MN%\A.Y\.%PFC=^:=M1(B0[Q+[[9WNID_/ARWZO)?+[
VF)35LGI@K
+@/VL7


  R@'CN;!N[4JWJ9F#W[.



MM4.!S_D5#-)02


M(EFWRDP]M0_+K;H-!A267N=L(J $T



MCST-);)GPZ/E#AQG]V-RF[E5YI=FDMU+P-W[TM(\E99^Q
F=2DL_5F]*I:53



MO


M+HE8_
1/4P;A=FV0R



M1A]^


MM2V1UF_34-'Y_'8PT_TI;_U=9.BCTGR)E==Y!1@ 8%D$E*0PU0;A W .3





M'0*R4!/H;@0Q.;$*:BJH-%(C;W0.3-$(*G6BD,\%5EK=K/'(XOUD. ]R%$

MQJ%


4$6XH1Q'54%R


M4*DI0B*97229UVN*D*CB'L[XU-K@&0P('Q;]_D++U/FT?UY4Y34U+9EK7VGB
MNQ^11423:@FAQC#'#BF04XX10PY;RIPV4A%#W4MU\90WNG@^[3'Z:O
 +]OB

QNT!T&5I_YT5IA+8=Q7LI$FT

;-'HFR)RGN2=%E4^7$/!+S

*#9AZ'



M.N-
%X7M3K
MO_L5)3=,*_XH(HHJ. #],R#/6%%@ONL %10QDI)
*2G%/L!?BQ:-SYZMF+#

;E#U8Z8*GS8#]





M-!O.LKY?WU/_C')Z

EDXP
3)(=2 TJX
M!#S'DD%!$7 YRQ'5)E_+:O]U

M]#L

Q?KZZ+*^9GV]\OS1#MZ2:HZKL_S283R_\H\Y_^ L4-WE2%K^I




!Z4(Z\].^YV?6=
M;/:PGN0LF




M(8SJ)Q^(V7.L%?E]FT0^506KFU^9




D

M\=9F[2(;^V-AY
&I+1:X^G928S
RE& '.ULIY_Z+B!%_I-4F]T%Y&1BC'^AL



UW#D8GIT-^_-1Y-!^P
'03\DSD&KH58#E
Z?%Y7 P\NS]




T $!

M!-O$X9(0N$$(1%NE0







<X(#0HCID(+;/3SL[9E:V+
M@!XR=:56%=B76^#=<F&=5FLC'%6408=MY1J*E5@73G5B*'</1?KZLC6Q7@/

MGF2)=276E5C7VV!=F#4*(X%*
(0\WP)4
BN8(PYJI8S**8+TN5A71[8N*7J$
MR[?+N@XGQ?6'OYA)%:NP?IE
!E58X
8QMLAP3C-9BF\(:?SC[):RP&@\^E=.OPWY9??)K_:PA3*#'8:<H
MW;*S.RM*'(#$\.;AQUN-89E&$F<&T$Y$M@X$


LU2AHK


)01KC;^W8;XC
MW17U&$0)\PGS?,=89Z01G\F'NZ \USG@ .;2Y ])T2 :RR:\Z;;9CO2F'N



M]
MP_$28'R1:68-6QVE.O#AN

7]/NG%

M64NM0


RXZ

&*Z/

MZ'+]=@'MJ
E R(VS(J?$


.BWM
MF+8L/CZ6!2M,#-+42&$8-#IPTL

NHG1::2UA


4=






-

^T$X 3@
M?0 P;W*'E%=
D4

MMIKHF!P2P('@S# -

M
6;J
JM


LLEE&0(.7LY;_)C5V_'JRUZ8
M;H NN+4668PI$
HZKS3G
'J

=QE9?2M*-_)
M5K$I\NIMPQ6!)N^2
J!R1)3_S$





M^1N1=B6)WMU*S]__]F6XK:4[T00QSHXGK+K7?3?_7,*VDK OQ_P60-\8;AA
M3%EI%&?0HY;$W4/?8T5R&\W7V\!_D

MQX 07OS'
'1(XU#6?F9C 5VO

&R49 7DN
ME83:$ UBL'5(P8)V+<OB/D#MR@O;:<1% FHZKX!E8





MGDLD)5(0P2 (
X0MC0Y6:81F8JV%2EX


 1L\ ?P)(SQIRV@


M;@&XJP9


MPAXG22).(-X]$&_#
&TD8I



$8@6WXB!0W&G#$-*./$*\G&1D^O
MLB3G?+U
6UCT]Y/QY'JYMA?(K.U4ATT5%P_R9'YC2
:@%7!%-



M$/K




@!

EF8X^RAC]N]U


M @C8F



8
MM_LW4DJL%Z^A@5KF4E






8#$

N
8#$ /:- 1#8
M





HQ]K4WG0

M(2



=R2HE9?




6N%OMX]([O9D^ Q/82VTML[V%(F]4:HB0H(;F


MKSD0;C@0

M#D2;5@_*&61R:JW5#!.CE5(DID4QB#3@C[9$;TJ/ZH@#H=0;
'&@Q(%VF0-M
M8T\84#0N



B(4@CD+-$;0T1L^PG$C MMIM[^(/

M6*C0'L!2K 2/


P1JBG8#U$.U.S!M^/K!#$:CLNC\S)2%$3@
M3S=VXQJS _7





M[_V']Y\_?OCU4]S(WS]^

[ZW?NT9]M7_QDN_FDX\\_I;YJS^UJ




M??AEJC\+[P(E)KWP**] ^)L&V;OPRO_G7P1X.?VQ?$C^/.?X\7^QCBSL#U


^(F%+.N7KMWW]W[Y@=LMCY()/[+K\-!Z669
MHIJ


#+)Y:!G*H!:*JOL]?
WC X
MK*])*O'G^70YQJ5'_M&I7_1_'!5G_AU^*D;?BJLJG$SGT\4:[#X7VR22;=O#











RX/[E8



8
A(YP/+[ZPOQ2*U^
M



,-$IE8.]9/ T*(M_/=$GG[T@TH35?_KLY90H<'\R?W7VCU\[Y? O
M

^:J#*#F8].?UGC<\6D9HFQ#]$8M

:?6JG+-[Z[_2O'W7;X^ZZ%&W
MB

ESB^_9]5D


O'I7CT-NGA3=) 'F7GORYDYUWK[;-+%)#FE^:WR_
[6 [EU=RT


N




MKW9

JRJ8

M__KH2HT; 8%KQSN+E[6J$#;*O3%2&NGK2)/+DVJMBV[N%;=2:C(V!;Z=\%



MOBLWB1?0Y

M
_%5B
EM


DNCI&2628T3VUF3-CZF
MWY?RE.3*'_CBL!O*DY#QV/.'(H'\ZF8I$V7*[L4)!5U?C ^RZY\

M$2K2F%^.=MORRP7SRTLTX!:R/XI\=58VR4-;!]($G^31]41(:M/U\E?^9$:?


M!


?KPD&OKH


ZVE.5?4+]<Q.G M._^?VVU1$9
M/ GSPUCJ[84Y/SKM6S/X3LVNGV!W4\E713-CY#:.CZJ&Q.X4(=C*\FAM/4@3
M?.9H[*762*VZV96T]IJ^ZNT)M_Q3$&[+;MB9YDXG%6-J]E,2/0W3#4K RR27
M=K1';%%^)F/.:^@XYJA7V)%?W&G5_AO[+,5-7=8;ZKCN'!5EZ6AQU,U5X?OF
M^:+NP+73S8M4<:VZ$5$WS^OF(G]FIIO;]@;E(R,^$,)XS 
0K\/+2LPY2I&

MO@EHN$OH9(I4F7YR


B@\649
R1SK&D
@GI9%\=-**4G8TW-N_&38AX&B_[=/I(MDFRK)F;1U(
M$WS&2.58$59-Q4E%.KTNVZ2Y:;;)8!A$(\9(1U+DFQ1NA
89@T8!7%T?52;S

M/Y8
O#
-LF$7892?=FQG9WT


^2Q6?T.E+UN4IY2/B


M;%B'N9#@N!8_V;19+CH !!@\9,BY'^C@^%GX/1Q(B.#LRB,TR!EEJ.&DZ&
*LD3?/&?4';AVGJ1[+:J
M&Q$5]#R?;^S/\?F&5- ;F\W?*:@ZGPCG=%$MI[&HY?@K#66BC3V3S5=S_C,O
M=1_(=9IXJ):C6HZ6V_I[HE%W#E$MKXY:7FCXF;(D6EL/T@2?.6HY9O0I*4I




L



_HJ?/4C^


MH&
72HK2VFE?V71KOBV5SYS9DV/;M3CMQG[/IQPX:T'F#.Q65.?HY
XDED_9

MW#H-^\F-PAC\2V3X%N.?9]D)!.5LP;T
13TY6




M06MV\SW](/

=. 
8#



M7X48G[E*
7!=S.E5/7)[$W;LE


M

PW95K9YO*M8HLUSP7



?=83(\?0Q?+





\SJ(!G'ST]YC\R2@/1&@

18QN6)4<2^ YJ(.-L/22L4
C[YX_3VZA-Y[W\@





-SFE B/C.0]S
6# 0R




M-#[)1H

MX(8AF&'22\0P'DV,2MZ-D84@)V$84J#51\.=HG/.8N'+(N/X ![9Z%$#(%

M\:A\Y./$3])$-FC?%^




M).6&#JI%)^A-:!LZ@+D.L&94/6I$B!6Q(E:EL2K-Z5XA:_5Y35 %Z[^R=P/R




Q0IOU2(?=TT!1
MTR.1Q+# 6&N:&188WB5IC4_%$.#(' :%4!$J0L408X$./.X'\-MB6FW6S&E
M+NDDD:D?Z76CD!@0Z&1-,P,[*!






M=B4:;IT?H59+

7TMR_A[VYL;-FMU78?OA)#$L?HU!4CAXW@8'CS
MU(4H'77+$)J$#A6<BS*$%%EV& 6&<:\XH9TN<4!3C/U?A8JI5<60])-T_

M

MHQN@.#:K0CL3 XRGQ+)\?(YX%N.8B-\D,J(?:;X!(8(/^LYUJ,XG[E&CDJ]
M,#5Z7^R.#V4KD7$40'^0%HWG7;Z1$0G
.!RK*?.HN@5TP;/'@:(K?1ZHY;E



E
X 
;/
M$=
N*J

[:B+EIS%[FI'9WW-




@$215+$E

\(
;Z


MT#\-]/':@[[C4;6
3GL?DH=#U[( ?F:OL(4_P5DL@D57X6#G1_'Y&'F#C*)


MNQ?TNFQ[31*B;UD


%2
MQY/HRLS7ET2Y]!(SU
EUWT+WP42C;2+#__9P
/5S^D?&4&7GV9F(W+W.]N80
M^\


M[/FYSU_JK(CH)

&
=S0MDS+8TT2V=IBL?6/ZDS(T^8

M'S*I/#O0=










M2W7+1F0J89CA]+A]E[ ^

^

MA+WMJ\W2^O+3U?6G\+P'O0MH_];Z$)[_JPUAJP=7G\[:UQ#42FH[Y!=
]/


H1$8X7-&A5 :D@(Y4*025TG]
M#N$3J2(X2,FE)T1;1WM
9(=R!E!XXM1O[R!*H;CY$3HA$9(-T K=CCF-
M;VC10T5YC
02STE(Y!DXF# !1$P@$T9E%!=YN%((*'0(HMNPX
2(2/%
@4


MG2
ZYX0V4


6YK7:L

C=ISW+[
S
-K/R4#
MD'MI:@G\X/&;'_2G5P.7
ZC? ]3GR$Z^A?Q+(!]O/.1//:96L6FK('DH=#U+
SQJ]*4Q,EUB?;C]\^<QW_;RX_<9XX:

+P#5]Z$GRONY_NP_B-14?*/GX.#RE%P
M6'2?I/L;6_$E3+4!S;[IUTA8C#[^#%.9P-C*UFR.MW-#['O]]WHGZ^CUAJ/X

C$N:'1M

V6N#9E KKV/PA:QKL+RR2+ _?I;


+ZH#]F$QG!&9W A)B1LF+&8_4OKCAVI
MAD:/
UM- B&9X-RXVC[L.-W:T7'[U*G5VI63SG'[X
 ^K72/'/OPY+#0:EH$
M_YE9V:]


74!8&5#)UQXR11'6Z.].:TVW&'D2A







M?
7&BR)$4QE/6I2(D\&ZNEL_6''.; ;2-(#


EYZH^/!;M@
MVG%$O*S]B*P


*.E(G8.7KP?0/RX@NB5_KG?
(3QF!

AL_:)(+K4HY
1E0D_

+8V3
D


MC2/D95PTL\8L)*&G^W%!W[PF$! J2E/:TB*HW.^+XT@ )
^'&F%#$I?8RQ

M%?@ZW9^_5#[E2]K
ML!







C Q.3$P:V5X+3
R


%I7$OZ(IE+=AEIJ+DU%SX)
M^9E](;F$9IK3P^Y5Q$9
MYRTB

+Y82MD7T#I.:?O2V
1Z\J83!B?

3W3368\_#%H&83+O\@[VCX[W.T?;M=W=
MG7UOY\#=V^GXW3VW=E3WNUV_=-AR/[:7OF?7#-G
:U$U/C2\&KNV[OJ6J9F
MF:%MR0A?(C^2J


M[':@(/ZT_


M7 8_8G0






X9I1!1=

P
MQE?AX ;ZZU9W' .ZAOI]TFZ21;WTI%L=)6TQB^!&N6&(XEZ0M7O\[5VK/@
M*HN1=A-B$16@ $&M(=9:%&6D'1
F$:N)I

M8K)(61


/1 ;WWNOO)YG.=&K_*?6OUNF4?@1W^#U!+ P04      (BG-0

M?]V238 PX242)IM*S82 +;7:_?CU0^+DI_/KL\X?G]JDI_H!^?3E]

M%XM?*V?%XGGGG+SO?/Q JH620SJ2AC%77(0T*!;;5SF2ZRD5-8K%X7!8&%8*







M-6K1_;%B]VJ?!OPV;&@V3!!YI&D\P3?FK:XE.0UF+O=$(&3CY_H1_IC/AF9R

I[W:#FB58V#[[TKF\OB)GUY_^6)[L



I^WY)WJ\9ADZUMOHJJ+/V8A/O.$I.@^


J1Z2.$Y:J



.D'W'CT9=$F;7'
M*/
QI+..X

+M:3W


M59:(*I5*B 3A4J N_C/!7$B7




E$RDTU:-J0N6'(@E





=$3-
MFVZ J)I95V2\_G.ZB]N94=UT'=^F^G@!V=_N)-E6(_I8KF-TM-HQS%N4?B9%

*FI

M?+HM_76D7C?TUJLLXGOP

+B.FAXN



I*((^-K3-1
M81Z
!LR+72)#
!I:953V(A!QCBBXTG8%Q

3LWF.1WGBA(TO\

L+[@\X&JT=HGW
M*92BK1U@HW5;1E-0@M7[&0
)-E$




MQ2V#H884.XLRW-6'2V )W$WTPB


]LR8).;A70SOC-_P)8@%O(-#O!O

MZX(?B8+I\] -'APTT^? SV4J8=N!*9]G!0$8&I*CYK-R7@MC

G&U0LAM'+KF\S98Q$RK:

MA$+O!1;9]*H FM ]09DMQ


M=
J-^6CK-KH-[%$'4R

?GB$
MK/$*$CC5GS3G^;^L7WQ)B:Q:E
AK'49_&N?=-I#)MHZZ4=ZRP-:4AUT(;/(Z


M!*
NX*%'B8R$#D=G&9DWL:L)93&?0[T8(%& 29WEEEF:=D_IH:\/5Z,$V?1
M2';#I:56%TOQ($0YGI(BY![Y='[QV&BG5EJS7W=1:]W+I&JS0721EDT;P@Y



0=HV&ZERG%J]5*Y4JN7CTZ=6NWB
MM-:NF4K5N=
N50XL?



M*E


'O6=O.PL\NKO
 %AB-(0!?HV5W\0Q+;9-Y](U:






&VUO:]*J=FRI-M5/-M+9B*W;QQO&/
M1W3I^

QR*U6/?8R%O6-UMKDYOO-





8.4?8OL


.T%'



1Y%G*6^#0@9H

Q-8^<MZV/=U%:0\;M_BL@QGP5%D?MI10I6!4.P<)A$8[V'E.(5T(K



M_
B _-@4-8/G@[WUY*CWT_%B$J$2\%=Z$8L88#/-#.?+%(=A=M@Q8Y NJM
M

M;[')LR$?V8UESIF6QO\RL6G22ICK)HZ94T_?Z,*YC1;'C#6F1W4YZ- MD24
MNUQ1X@ 4






*PB#=-=^!(/57%H4XV#7845B@[^DOKN$R+8%-EY
(?B8+'\LUF
2_9


M9(99$1=]])P38M*-4_Y9
!_B_;%U2
















Y

M.G=')
$9N

M.-34U]

X9 N=*I*_@E$6&;Q;S/1=(Z^BCET*$E*9ZR*7D


D3PMA

41G5]^WTM)TC&JJCB+E0R:]'G%*89MBMVL+

MK8ZBJ
E9LUXE3+.IS.RR95FJU]]ME_?4Y16V0LP[BOG[5) 
D:@X8(IS1!T=

MF^4!]M#^]D_UU1O7P=

M P04      (BG-0-#%OX:H3   \8P  &@   &)Y;F1E>#0S9&5S8W)I



M'[:WQ9E)JHG*G4A*)9U*165U/A(?4V4_B3VQO5V_V3/%K-2CL1/[N_N[XJ
I




U4I$EEH)S/^
M3F@8I[#59++F9! J=3 G'+CD %*6G^ X7#*S+EU'T=0%NV&OP.Q
*/L+$_



$IBD!A#-3X:1!


M?H
\F\C

0H+P_;=/1COWNDAP\


M_JATR487*M





E'$9$3@T#G0$X\_BH%O=H)R1;Z=X=AL!4,+XT=4+R'


$[MLK== \9QIE&MY
MN@9*YZH)
!5EX_:#.$(&G'?1:$'D.1[9%OQZPQ9ZEU8BXCRR$6PZBH8CX
M&:=0!*6!:B1%H1^*^OE!IK))'8P+
U$.+#D\5/Z[@SRZTL-*G@1J9& H0

=.78/0R


MF=HIY&SBY^!5/XXI50/'\3C6V)F6 YUQS#I$Z2S
U X;N8;
$I$@8C$Q @GH


5P+YB
\;KQ1[GE)ZPUV$=H6B-WX




 JY6V=3G3A?3)3^%!_X]C@ZFJX$RS)VAE'D0PH
M\T4H;4 SS
-0.4+[@J=K
0_7%B=UK*8MZ6.;$-3BG@2_/ E^N^H0^1S+Y
MZ+P71W?((6U]V 8KDLB5!7^(2\$0E5$^C^@FSCOAQSD#*ER=[PC*?W 5V=@7
M$B'4(CD2Q\

38MAMK'C2%'8U;WF!;-N%D
MN;)JR9S9S0(I
6&::8?

UTGF.3T#S


F3NMJJ'





5;<JS,,D. ,^9VI2V(D844]RQ@X;^-<4Y^;U..R3J=TO9\/F(
MJ^6A/3+*63P;CMQF ,S2%ZL1,U-=0J\^UF4P/RZH(K( &/F-_0AAH8R:=2)

PXN6U4BQ5%S-J;R
MZUVXX:.!=&
/_-849AO('A$;O+X
 Y*C
==K/5P%.*)UO



A'FPI3D%

@FOS'KB#
D?0HT/)HW7)3?\


6#+3?42-*ZQY1(4W1TC'IB?R.@HO)Z,=RMXYH= D
MLAP..52AD68:H+9KLH0=7^P]I3IS[\:$K:+-J.,XU[P#LC^=C712;T/!*VZ

3[1A!49F$R9
MF2DTLG



]RP



M**'WCK$B*3PH

JP$LKM6F9)ATFJ+_:6GR46H(P51&51O@42C?)PYP
M)Z
W%BCR KC

M? -1 %&I1N WA7C4X^Q'+Y/NB\.$6
8CD$K! FW%O;\\:WHX)YJD\=#J6F



?)2QY*)].;]7J:8D!O?#(LR!09BG5@SE#4 B


-.(0


M



36(=X#T )J




M2A%BMI488K;%FG3

E[CFD(S^5^C_KW%9$7'-


4S\B*!)!P?/WM

5*Y



N8
GP&94Y:Y:DU&JLX(8P


3-[5)?2FZ)U ).(%1G R$?=$S09[@R1:C#7BQ\F$U58#U




MJ=2S;K13+

:^Y%



E- 7V79+;XX6T0V5PM6SI-8TGVC$
M3FG[S+/-X29-O:Y:[SHA$MB)G^V4$\DAI[Z?_L_G
 
NT8N]I-S4P&Z:N.&J

+$)=

M0]G1\F&..I!)GIBY.&8[[%KZ0I/DWIVZT6UE0D+VY26;O[=!TXCXG^'/TT63





T2YKW&]J@_XK5I6.@?0KY'' ]3-'DZ0-0CB3]EUM*WMPP

M:BGM&L].^QXQ)'-3T-HM*
AYFY\@;H;(K<9P+A[9TTQ1

#]APT
 3U4_)R2TV&?-*4@*



3 (Z[&


F3..[[ZXC3A/=K;^6G


9-CMZW?/K[J9-/&2!









M2:L' 
73
;M!*C4.MV&.^*LM1)-\%6U4^!$WY2NU
@7:H[PX'
[5
!GWHM[[
MB0]B)OE' -L'5

M

2 MKK.A;N0U:0I
MO(Q^




MNP)#-4+1F
*45KF5SW:8(YDEV;.MT6!5S\5YB4I*-J';+BFZS57.%\I*&3\T

M1

M=TCZHJH?90NWI8








M


?Z1GG+ZKLL5

M
V;]/* LOUE9A'A
:VU0\P-]/H=K$DHWH[^D/-OU^H/(AK*S#[2Z';\E3K:D

M%Y2U#DGEY[Z!L2@7X1!S


H M69V=X(%R*!NIRB0QXH0Y*H$6T







M


G*&@IR/L\:](#YZD1N6P\9[53RLH4K6(T9:33X;T+8;EW#(POM
M4?:

H)8./SP+WJ@D9E&DN!7.T_C?9TL(5]GJ
MH.W4K/P#
^L3

!GV:

-S:

OMKO_AQU@*%L:
M_YEQ_[GN57JZ]^7'FRZ.$OJ:6.WR 6UX%+:RPHWU)DCJ0+0#2JH=3==1UAB
MSE,\RQ@+;XD$]T!

J#:
M^\AZDT_!^F^(%!T HOFR_$Y*74







MR  AH&M53#'E@MQ*Z


M$WJHSV.TA^

MW


M?KUX;$ZF;OCM^;23@

=\&7B?TLGOIH$AID4-?


MJAOF/2#0YE*WHWP326+P(4ZK2=N8E10[*C
I^)20_]I?;]027C?#$@?WIGP

M^FT%#\+QKFTEM$*?
/U^U]+BMPF?0ZD;

M@W[+#^0)II(GX66+[$%7DT(V&0R R1+(.#+R]1$9*E;R+S9O5XO
/I1L*YJ%37#1<38QQKL.YL-6GA+?RD731!




 I:YBMLVDN) .&@Y*FKCXXQ#D[8^U:43/I =^-DO\4H
MGEWXEJS]G#[#.U:71YWX^JJ1SY4_C8HDQK]%__[N5]+&4Q_.FK;XV!22P_$-
MU#5XC]!M@-!OMRB.HI@TPR
1

M _'

1



R:3535U(Z!

M$/7 EAO.KWXL]: 9XSWLK;2+6UZE,NA [?KT4]*NHWDY)BQIQ6]D;5KO#%;
MQ;IQHOS4VN:0S,WD#QQ=O*&2:HQ+9TGS08K^6_P%9D0Y?%
FU-M;X\Y(7NN
M


5]SI.;(KG6+1




M\







SOCXGZ

MKEZZIFB@9)8$R%]ZZJX8'H%I^C#V7XTB+A#/7\3RUKU'Z!I$K35A#_+F-!/V


M2


UX 8:.%HT ]V

MN&=3R828;N

MO.27QYW?#97ADN'
UZ



MA[[(;5F)%;N5W3]'R


]


M/7P##S1?=HAP




MO^A#X[9:I8MA#K9C_JV[XU=+KEQI0JO$JL]M

ME#KV::AU3G



M@^%:'3V[@;*
V5C<[8Z9KI^FDGI
MD4=##Z;<.8\3 XQK(1NYJ7 E=@0=)^#0(5

VR:;KKN



M_6.*ING)8$83S--T$TF7H4%Z%R+IA'Q$73I;F$ZO68T;V);83^AJA78I/D!_
M2!.[T+
]YZI5Y9T:BW(&4\7GV%\M

9)O

8(;9]'P)/+WXD_I4\*=:]










\2+\#:EU1(XKN&:7I












3?VD* 4$E9ILM5S6J=LQ#;K0UC)8JB!7  D\O+8

I_W)6

M!BX-#/SFSI-?/?]JVK$:938



8M



MH2JFGJEF2:



\R4ZL]#\^2SA=&W.B*C&V7:^D


O9O\#R[6%:%2=4_^3-#G<\!Q-UM6: M/
MXH_)^B.[ISABND.+/$!N.)Z&2LPI!]TC892/?.LWW6




2&I

M:-9M2=7[\#J)
.^/#_O?VX9*?Z 


M
2K?][WZ_NK^

WA+P
MV 

W0@LGTQ&_'&S


MWT =MP @$[K)$2V#DU4]8HU=%)SZKIUB^J%$*J;DE=K!TOS1G4A#UD8WGQV*
M9TF=04W]!#8G)CL5IWD




M!5\G:?M/^9HH?:O( O.^-]%XLJ!\P^.2]9]2/AUX1_-%KA/.D(U^Y&Q7J_





XBWB6[
M U.92HYCPI.SNW@*I9P5E9G064



!6*%1C4C?]M
BCEMI_
M2*UW;)0AT
B[J
8

4$%?



M+%6T?X2BG)=02X7 :6+C$%K3FC?'3$DY(-S5^SC=M1=O*-78_H]L(.T&)7



M'N_1OOK +VV


72\]NU%%D0\60%DPBX=*B&*(8?@.'Y^5U(13Q

M&N$RQ:L4;)X5O8FA H'
.W-\TXURT4'1.&ES!(&5(X:HU$?81?
0G#8Z(JO]

B8M8WB,X)AK/;Z,)5C((6OCLZ!*IUOM






MX+87UT)UE(3A


-ALMA+[\.ZH=#0
YDZ_!7/T7M^\ +%L6@MKE$@





M84KN3E_
/#4105?[/AN!:G&[M?O;A664?1GC.:/D]O[Y]?BDG!!
Y7SNS?;X
^]NS]-+86<J[CIYQL6@65


1U=
MGA+';&E.8!VZ'I(A

M^&#M6&..

M[V1A'N O4C@%K*1V^K

M83GH^HJINAPU)(_S=+-UX%D*L%*^';FV
)7ZO.3HF=)2MYB/8=;?EENSV6((
M9 &V4\+B'Q
 +S)#EXOL$T.F\_AG)0V]A 1UJ7U#J;M\.V_)@D8C\C0E#I
MD]0F0FH+

MYU]VC4?B\G(27G]5^'PI+ PNR0E1*TQ#!.%MJ6S)XF[\V*]D\OFVY[ZW1^



M:^/0P6A

M425C(;9M.JFZ:L;7;X:Y@ ART;/D^FFI+A@UK*;8+3C3^WGW)XYJ(B?$CH






C2QWS7Y.;19H&]U?17?5G]POJE/]H2*_XZD&IPZ-&%?3L^



7H4U@55
5[((%
M![!M?.5?
[!7$IG/ MX^XJR AE2A



M+LN#)43+U M1[$POVGULW'E@4+CFOM9:I#]
;BY[
6I:]N+!+=/E'R^M?!Z$
MY




ZM0V]G4WQ_2T(H!4+-J;AQ'NH4!:
M&L'$B-(PD0$U^?0X64!-1S2CEOT%)T!#D8RI)&Z*(4E?E^#Z.!TQ)$$2XD(D
M;^O0S&C


?W8C9%_?HO72^S\5\XJGAY@ %V[^;(PS=1B]UMN?R


*6PDZ*#D$JUZ2 L60=%+S
M#H(63H
-TUY --6*F SF4FVTP(:)?XO:THD 3M'8SLGX _T S9^:&GP&W#

71VY_B/T$_#44/0]V$=^C!_X=Z-9P@
C&'41Y+T







4$

8;-Y5R5H;14I


ML4XS]LN]:/]
LV
C%M-+46.EOH
7R\(F/1EA)G].95;XNZ CE&;F/R_G?WS7
MW1]^3:/RX


M3@PQ#_%+@_PS(0E6@4W9[I.K@PB?ISGWRQLGC.NCY8YJ&D*U7-!Q._A?1Y[+

M_D2$?!
AC3 J$JN_R


M




&

M=

MO\#%Y&+:EC5
(K

&W&MJ:ATN![&GD*A69I4?+6YV*&HR34
M

8:SK#9+:T%I]M5AX^B1
MV$0AIF2Q560X99GI.14PAD-&U/G!*^
B(N)4
NFY]6ORRIO  1Y3M'T%@+EM

F9A% YPKT1H5
3V 7T^8(30!!7O[)K^81H\?B(R QK

M3XV?#98+3H&&?+.69^ RH/2*V;A
6OH@



H;=](QN^ZP)^A 3D.G/Y8+)5=M5K
D_60
F1


V)(LV&J,)Y'YD^#(=5?UK<6W1<<!@7L
MO'MW?@_\M

MC4J[0[Q3F-L$1?@AG

MFHQ;P+3!:QA9$$:__H6B-YY=##8)XO'CL6K+1@)+H;ZU)%PMK9C15Z2$JCR#
M/-9*ID_@?I[S740H4QT4=

M.]6XY-W@4 _% .C+
!

M^=(HW I-T/P
D&@8&9!(;\_K%4

M91*:B



MZ&XL023M1^ M(%HM2.LR\V((J!TFAO1529WZMY)_*_FWDO\+E8S^U\1'A8OT


S7\&:[YT1]8M@8 ;? ^EB)/AJ;&+\C@2I(X-
$FG%E-!J31) O 8F<&VRTO2W[2B(W,\BQ
M#1A*Q$5R4JAC)B4OHQ.
AT&N%-3$!JK



^#N8M#!


C2Y\L36=AT+$8(^A)8^FUBB&:IP
Q-


ME- +C  &N@/5P

MA-\
?EWKSH


DSIC. 







M&G5C5=4'X:8-ABJIA3;*^ZM/[7];?[+'*CNV5!-



MD7R+9^JQS8OLQ=%*O\18\TP_RZJ)M





)








-2V?%P,J;'M.]='Z-I'^*1& MS-
M!(=@T[J2U&=V^XO45Q3H;=)B
=

J(^HM@QY
&M





M7L[N?SH17F?[Z6&(#/?97WQ+7G3QD9J_*ET7WITR#U_EG0L=Z2%GV!T%S#EJ

#5B$^D
&
8=4IC&
M8GI;1R1






(W

V)WY+RG:&#V$*!V[UI+

M*0_4@UDEB:?GHZFJ7OR;P%K74 )! 8
_((S=R(2KXZ=SJ0H4
_QHNW.W3 /.



=&+BM%

*@$
MO


'O)XA##N'NSH'*O
#SICC-\!3HE4UC)T 4)&A%U
+=@8KS-T

!_6MP9YH
@Q6F_\M5G.5@Q)87QH
M*7I1=Q[$?UTX&?$C( 0)V;A40O'<(!%2:HX-UY?SZ]M/R@JQR4P']GM!F
3
M





MV6GIYU@U]LI=D69H&)NY!8L?.#9*_S;KGMMO
16;6WQTVZ+W9(MKOVFT6Z1O
MYQ\Z M])




QKVA/DWX:MJEO?]3%@@U=FD@'F.[V
FW/N4UOM6I<EN3,.O
MP=IZ\)EB^CVCS[=R#<X=PK[P3(@QA?.11T\'[W#8%N6EO2I'-EXT&Z;EI2&

WX



MYL;;#N@



F


#%W&-3QE:K=


80K?I#



'A5#9((;

 Z12X*LX1

(+*I6@/]B



M!1C-6MF)Q; #B=+)EF0EGJ$$K7#S^NRW?&H+A&"0EJ5@UB)2&:#*DO8SA
M7Q^.7AT6QG/-)

 R88Z^EXV7 F!X\#%0JQA(Y

WD7U
UJ322HL@4




C[H9)V>
WC3#MOUF;



M:IO5?;[5&Y+2WAWLZRY_RKR'R_-

WG=VT@[1/
MSPEUEW9__'1DI/A$1GR%H5IJ=;2S7&)IU

MGT(TV

MBG=E0[NA\C@=8+S=---$1*X+7QM=I)CSBEX@9NR\N3E60B#F)TJ2(5??[V
MZ5LN_XUC;MZ5I_/KN$/^)Z1B7^)1W7C-D)8CU*
\*2*6:/[6* 1CVGMY5OO2


M:-1;=OGI_V
2D6N?/Q:Y(%Y^S.ZW'[(@=!]Z(H8
6\$$7S$B6_]QG^6^J;\1
M0$8H8E4^620H$$.R1L20[;T2=SSVCK#R@@HN8SR.J?_O5..(KL!J]\$#--R[
M8-T==7;O#S_5._RX=O/Q+9JE-5BEKO:OA7!B X@Y.641]_#;5XO
\%%[_U-%
M\#L&8]&;(H
/;.JN?=7E+ MI:$Q+:YZ?K/3




&U6V\_H7FU]C8W
I/^1C

M[*:F6M+4&1K)

V
A


M(10)@N:VL+NY_+^!@YL_TUX1MUO2V4YKT0W8041]_&KXQKE58O6?)_SOO\



R5M@9<+0'BA^C/GL$:?_^VL(L2,(Z.U9X68]J:$MGKS6L/M]R5A :35&
M



M\@E\1Y$W&T4?Q#AI#_T1/R)?BH^#2=P!/$:34:T-^X2\?ST$$Y;\?0# RD






[O*E!Y@EQ3$%61(

R[\5=*/*79@*<UU0 Q&RSN_$8X,1H CP@1;3B


MJ$S&L

]-+4S'23XTZKOO5?-/*U-4;O]30
O.



M)&A1CPHXT=QH'U@]?7%0[5M6&XTS@FWPYEX=)'K^K0^/Z75[G(.QF- 3G
MECZ&7VA-'/3R9&_+.]?7!)H#C_IP3' %@B! BBY47?)PVS:0I$FW11Q64+ 
M8+&5IW0])8=GZTN]9FUC@*WWVI.$WJSZ0-]PH'Z!M())XIN=-7I?XQ087*


#GD,:3(





M0+X_.6/8C)-]F\!'PQ%+47T/AYZY@P
+'BH@EDC0P_;J]=S&:!#]LU 1!RT
M-R=+:*5O-WF9#RA\@ UG@/Q@QZ\A^4]WK@T(00QA.\30PE\$$3YBZY/X4Q%
M\7Z/M8A'
H$=9/\0




M

 V^:KS
XHW_7#:+%B@[;CK=
%'#?0
MA6FA;FKWJ]-(MB2OL



L


U2NE%$0ZC-
X
F
^#2DP5WKL%P'.+

MX9HKW ;RYIJU6#(VH2CHXQD'(^78??=82M).K0PQGB?91




$^:P%T@7WX*-EXK:%MOW*9C
M5NIB+R%KEU@I:-3?:F06N6U;:]9PT2'?Z?A&E'BU9:5._T!HB62)-W-_YWM5





6C@'3TPP 2]R=Z@&.=X&E2L(D0$

*]5S-
;=:@O-;$KNDH?E251T$RJ

#7D%IVWC%+WWEY&@V?S.$M:2?43J\1P

MX[AE

^)T6-#^@^))O]4
M:'K


M#O!-I'O'UAA653UI7 $75H\K8:AM=H@)Q 894[[$FH=P@*.6DR'%]FT3ZQ8!


DUK'P7:'Z 
MXIF Y0H@D&@@7#VCF:^:ZP^'G([@V 2S;SOKN9K*NI\@!@?+;C0DYQS)N#N



MD3*;NJN 01R;S;

X2+(-0%]*;)K%;W(Y-J5X=-

E@TA_YENN@

RD 7J#
=3&
M8X$$S* _C?[V(V1\
-F_=@299EW5A1S\^N==KA)^WV;$E[5Y?/DR
S!/^;I/



MX;@A#4*S=F!SG4NS&\S4?S76%-$:I0P60?Z&=P'0X%WA5FNISGZNC)395-

M-P7!@9$ JON$3!+@W

MMMTQ2KO!SV-\(K[6_=#8!$;9O&2I 6&./-/$=1%4-G&(HTQTI



M._^X-OX_&&)D!A)0IP#4-;^BBU^QR+.U$B+*PLDC].T@4SQ'%+9:=J=HKX@
M99*+*G]+=RFG%CK9




-;JW RST+D=G]!6- :C^48B[13U=@[88-B0[L;O^M:=57?3N

8!

+PPP8
[(C%;SG-]8

MYCK)[@QZ@AR\41L

&/Z\


9\V$(P?1XDZ4J!]


\;G/XCE9R\)Y[&T^Q$




/\3WI7T91WU]WN(Y&.0+\(#&O WLCK
M&[K0'%.%Y+J=J2L\RZ(A@V**KU)ORFDLW?6C/FQ4?5T)Z7:L!J
-DY]K!XG




M8
(^_;R%+F9+T3PI
?P)@*8^64?FAU5+5N?=5-$ ?@9S9GTMFW4=?Z-&N\
M-E&1:0=



TQHO&D^RG_:TJ[NRG/;EM#<7




U&L\1);\U]25I%0$-G?


M/CO3^?+SI

#[KVX#+5;=//GW67?#2)YU]I5RXXW


M#3OR1QP/+)W2S*-02\2G=_?ECGD_RAMRZNCF0B_E9)$K(?

M0WIAQ7P5R0TNCWK04I(C#^)L^]4^$:2:Q^#GR7&._64ZLTIT&$5CO%L'&U)5

M\'TN/W(
1 






3D1D$#MQ;!GPLLD?X

M
:8!U'^8
8]I^CT)/=T66ZL]#_DT4B/35_N_?@


M)FJS3!D8M X



CZ#K!D*![ 3W$VN\[Y\E3='OJZ#F)CJ1X
M$;39G 9*$)UI?



%OWE+W.U3]IM[5&)RA(%T


M V;:S]+/4I




Z
MNG
9T-OWF?@NZD5%917VMGO(]G1/P@V&GX$YSH6VA


M (B4PGL
-33_[V A

JEG6=M_ETXRO/
MIEA/[BJFOFJY_^29Z@6_



MI79H#QNT%Q*XHQ.'4^XXG.V/Q]Z9E9@?7_^X/Q57C9!YN3]UB-=JL0_Z_.I-
M-3!?A&D/F]G7




F4,\T0RI<86/N1?ZV1Y6#M.O?Q+A47I:<\-1YY1C
MHPEK.DG]!7AW;R%(RCAO2W/8O-L1[D_8<@]!W$^JY?
2W/JUA1TUJ/ ;
L;

#9+!<ZLRU




L@)G\EN9+UY1

M^E54M[H9)B:3\N*O;J)TMC^+W;;5VU%NHW7Y
J4R\7/U(J(Z?5;U&GIR=@C-


B6

MGX[SP/ [N3CR
=_V)?

1E&0 ?WD
^Z=





MY*



G+NP6I@A:3'J;87
MRB(/X?/&+90XH37*$[;PJS]T/5[YJS]4+7GL'9W85?%XJ/SA^NQ*:P\)G5_9
M?EBZQ^HDD:-J3D'D0%M&_BAWN
GM/T''4NP.+DFK*'Q]Q_9^Q %FNI\ ZN;L
M2-#2W6$.L=CD(\A)]90'YH3\X#;E^:'+_@YA@5I_'%-;;K)/^ZP6LZR#4U-2



MW!4_/\5VJ.L&-O;@I/-^6(C
'$%

M;-PQ?R
K 0;5M68GO$^5VM_RMO3^=O8A%H?_RVN_[? U!DEK^[Z2!CT?'(+1
MA;-2]/ RU*6J9V3H;U@_8EBYXO

MC6*J[V!
1A?FVF&N@O&=YYJZC@
HP:N/C7X.U'K7HN-AKYS3O+Q$
U6OWEDH

R.S:?'3_
MRDDP9_?LSC%[*T++W#CY
<YEL-[,M,[VC!+NS[#9_]'J<*/9.VN1_[.E4(6,D.L
M<FTGO[];<PLQ=]-*+H.-?ZK4752!M1?.4<3D:QY9;D9<D9M[Y\&?^^,30XYN
M\B)KA81H62'QVBT*89G1A61<1M#7IUSOV B7@_-DF@NU9T)^ 9*[JI!9)5
M_^$SN(2_LDEA)7N L2_C6[O 5(H; 4/7^ZP-=:C8Z_0SJ3;FXM.5)6/G3;&
M7GIFC#V9,$1]/D)!9?6T?MBJTVS*.D!@3H^QYX%WZ(A$S5.O3YM+.YZGCGU








3#UF[4:LC< XK)#G<Y8WJ


MBR(


MMH#R*I08

$\5I90)!]L[LCGB_Z

M')1PR!YB+AC*9 +\^M$7+T[C3Q4'G2GLL'W4JVF-(P@O^

@
MPLBO&Y%(6J20S'=?!G;TH^Q;P;

(
P\@]27.#;NX797RC@Q5K

ML7DW)]5 3RN1KL=)ERHL*JME2MBE7];/*LBO^Y03_6










Q6^38OWO27 ]V
B1TQZL)G#_+WO?%]&DZ4_:'AY+ARR?6


H75NEZR:/K 7K

MQ(1HG&EP9_R(SY0&#



W0-V[2G@_Z5[\I5 A?J3KCIE)\

M

\G;(BB*J]MN0!@0R^;24:\VX

M?CDV_$9YJ47[^BTN)NI*8NVS5*8=YAKQ]HP#4S4]9=,6%Z,RV$974LD4)9=
MI#(($XA?:O6KUKJL,!]XYW^%U[\
+X)0#Q0QT'02$
@.$/I6=AS])T!?37S

M!1H*Z@:FB9Z!7B_ILSK9@2;

FSM4:5\




M9K3U'V^2]5+#G!Q6-.8C182MNR--6




;=^

1*HM32M9
!)]
MW=\GQ\-OUMWZ-E!KY%I007I?[F\0']A.[1




MP6@Z)H]&P+^ET]Q
-\=Y^W


_^]FS7EDXG;$ SP^^7 ##(9O2.($ NRG;KV*?KY5*XUAQ^\&+8C2R/
MX9/MFLW=]SO2!-G.PV0


8Y5+


TI(;^VVDREQNF-!D$_1F#L#1]097
M=?1P'N#J%U
%*K6:5&.H(IE[L6/V9L(%4XKVS6Q) 3LCJ]/Q=Q@+6
!R6)CD
M4O@ K@(\Z%OA;Z)


8! U*/(((=
.H*!;4UMVX&3Q_&L896


ZKA$8/YX

*VWTWI%D+IML<T
MVX]/BP[(DST E229O5P1;E\H.QA#M_'?A?HQ'#]NF_/%Q?EQY73@@DEM(<+




M^G-MZVSZ+Y81D)A=8VFU$)



M($@4$!T;!'L G?%D1R$N@[H:BX4WD:J'(_GJ'
!&C



K'.!
6.9[&46M6D3



S@

BEE/-699L$J R!3IGN$8 #!N1^3-


#6#]



S': 



NQ+7OV92L
MZE\X5G%?7P\/&4U
TWZ_6=^6L.?NWY\(WZR_ET3;WWJA:#^7OI?
XP?VGZ;-



MX\







;


CCZG[)EX]2?ZBAATXM(KJB




2_OJ4K

L!=9

^J-D#ZS((5JGNJYV-#[
O2EOYBR63Z.



G3

M6VH'R

]M2O_

M




\04DS(8/_!^PO(FA_
M\B7?!*:C^PQVRY+E.^'U_7!HJ2]I2A)?!2YOU!_+X:#70U-.M8DL 2*$MI2
MU*$':)Z*XSDH1\A 0]%B+G9W/_P1-QPB1J;)5T(, 6-Z#+1U$)[A/IZDO5@
M21P% ^O(BN3&4&:K 1+$S*P1L-%D/1#3-)M(76F+5TB%+A373-G2=ZD'U@0+




E;/RX9D*LK8(F
_N85;QQ9^
-!?1#S-IC;[+R+ BP04




M(?J+9;:(^










&GUJQFJ
#&4+\8C2=''/XV_N?A8*N#W#Y^/9[BSVGC'S
ML ?DI_+DA?D7

M


E(N+(GJ/@T3Z
_..7



2/-:A:
$S!;\70#

2LP





!R8@@I]4]%ULB1
8/


=A=9)?7D!3D2WPA%^E.DI\OA )K!G[$_+YL\UXL&BJ4I((3
MM^:0?*MT&<!^M:X5E\U9FUQB5@%E[B'Q&O5Q<06O0+<:0I]6UD;QXRD
5G
M@LT4+F-O;0JU

M+X!]$&!PV&GC*X#061I6#PK^*5+F/



97:TGASXMHA/D0






M'EY$G(Y!B;3K7Z;[-)@(&9J3(PX)MF@18?T4=D

MF^@'!Y. PXO9=$%^%6!=3%?IF\0E*FVX'E=.&
IWP4C)(T0F=!!^'LC )Z




@JH47(SD?Z; _A_T6DY9KFTZ*DUI1!EV^X
MJH 9)1'C#_DGK!G$EEXGC?^4V



M4JJ8!+M+V-M1RLY:YHP(CT0SC6SFV93TGRW^_=5/56^]@X]54W.AU.4YKE


6_

MWS?=.QRF:K5S5Z#9XUB1\7D\%ZE#BN(2EE7QA_3$9O?Y55'-BI$A%S]M_ 1&
M@HP46%EJ#





_
CJK

:6$D




M6=+]L!:8P]E&]A'/IC)0$7P#A1^\EZ\$50AC-'ZUK28I-\LU&4Y0\@UBT3?6






MELXC45\9*[$K( ?AQP(Q6@5&#8:*00\./7$AHS'D6:#O'[WDR*CGI$&N+C'1


J#4&74/K
]X;R0H6Q9*E(S$1+C


'/84&O0&9I
NS^%52*?PR#*E@8P)R'3
M R&[#M5+@V%U


M@J@FSY+F\$(OB
=9J+UEKF8]P:68]%5+?:Q:%J(2OW170PT'(HM(C)9:3WXK



MSI[R3H?!!H_@)0N98CZT+6I: 3.2(( _$R+&IT5OO0WXM459ZCK$5=N=ZG3K
MM753F*Q@ T/B@QG#7\7N9_7IS'2-8EICQF [^2X&5;XY238:/G@0NP@7'O
MW




Z$R(3:OIZ]F2ZW+?2W?]E+'#!'56SR

M3;Q2R_!($O%H/*M


M*/4)9&D \X



MATC/.7B8SDIY#H3W&KZ7YH'QH,$QU#,!WXM9F8?:AHI37A;^-4&O1 ?-.X
M.=0



2TK(T=#!X#7LV)VV@Z-

M.I22-U1J!@M6IL,*9;'/8/7@+@6PZ@G0?*M/9%H@TGT:LVCNCA:]2)[5L=


PEM;!J)1A

%5N
MK+ E #-EOE
UZ-0GB--D75
N#
AN/](SW\Z
9VG#)F 4APT9H6&-]C;*EBZ*


=_O%C&V(@*H5@ET!OL@M3A:&6G$][YU#-S4L;M)*F+V[1?R#62;
M/N*L^=EY.RIG(3WQ;4$(11/$)]IZ$V#?W$H9D!4&GFC*$0-P\W7!(D)9/MB






;

990+Q

M0XBVKV'_;









MP=LG4TM;1('?VW+*@FH[5M0VUMZPT_COHN+\^*&X]^O1WS]-S;9IO]5L:W=:
+B=LH/_8<T7=LW(2MD=.Y#WY[*[,NUS(C^
M,SK6?E7IN)#-R B]*/SG\H<_P9Y1B7ZVYJ:#![MVZ=_Y
#'\-@CX0\UC 
?
M(Q#+E?^7$[?_'PXD!S-D!R1O6!(TF6EU!#TL&)HB5:O!UU;1DJFK4TQ+77
MHE.71.2
.'#I:\DF0

/I]R_@4_W7 _=#L4U!3YT'D893RH&ZK86VBH2-






YO%!U7%YKQ2$P?



MZ:W\=';EE7IAY5



P[@)Z'6R
UL!JGT7&8S?W
M4(P@9IN+FH
+6
P.$H:&'):%4XRDR/7@(HPMY@-KJ)'&IUXFU1CUP?^O@N

]V0' W(I




@5]X)NT7-CP9

M^WL=^D][M!GLDK%PE_@J)+\S@]



MSOMB)&;'K?V9HK.VP45 G%E_9'GQ^6
FR;O?GAO7?43P-R/W[$WVCZA0C[K:
MW-]FKW/JH;_[HY6GTHH;)MJ\C==[[\0D7:._.%VXX] IWODQ=(#.M7K1Z7%=


MA:%;X2#R4DEWY72(\$M)RCZ@68I%AV7/(L*ICMV#JS+_JEX80P]@P\/WI)H
MTAX0MIL2(G_/!ES*O5H95;A8BN:8?)C]&C^3)\L(6M '#!5U)G&4H.MWD(Z
MI?(.:SQ'C[#4)PB[&8S\_(N'3_75 SWBR&[A(KL0SJ]LM2 A6R



#4:*9?7-(


E+#2DB9IPU
@+LA

(GUDTV9=GPT-<C%!:M97S=@


M2AUA@JQ&ONX;;B4Y0*&[:7T(FW1S#)\QT&(3Z:O('5Y-U0I'CE_$WG$UZ3

N=PJF0*KU- B.)2\^
U2B0.V1-

*KM)(3MY [F









MOUY$M)B(%$JS*[(F2
!




O]#P=J3J^HW= SWV_]U1R@PYMP0ISU


M
J



M1RH$D@H[_+;]+1_!=\HL.

+.J)+:1Z2L*+_XG+%N


M9YI$
;M^$-I!1&GP\!R4JJJ%A'3'6H_TG-@@5^(O,Q;2;'3_ J+('PG=PD7
M?M*()]&5L4^4S_&Y/!.,L9RD2035 ;WA77JV,L$$*)%.IZAWYN6'BG!0G*
M:)RMK5%U]8J0U09?3 LTVBS58S@+=.^0F6ILU1&D=9H3Z@.D.1'#BN,O)RZA
MO,1:0JB2C[!(+LM9 6I$&


&JY!(C!*=.%KT







MAQ#00
18T?S:57FV6;&(H)?9]_



MOM
?(&

H2)H
+$ZRY0-G9SC;(:-=
M\)

M=1ZFJO=J3H+Q GK6J#LT


XA0.8 QPNX7F!)$Y-$YU=Y=+/I

]K1U&C\/#='Q67
M?/_?M6#_*V
+8Q$1B7IYW4 VAU
&!R!^@QE\G1/$I
T35\*LP%[-3F#DSY[I
MM&2'L-;@+F-UY


(U





71$


@5LU3<W$M
M^]M0&E?42DPD$Z:*VM %'FFO38DK8*_8;@SU3A+WN#TO-ZISEK_0MNTYU:1U
MJMUJ4B=!M0;X#' :/H?*$/.I.LVC3/,-.D051$X$P^YU%F;.+2]R2O -T[



#



Y.7A'%C8

@N
M*X@#Q(+OQ9%T(&:L@!$+&@GTH;]((%08ONP%D9#ETMA8R*5ZWW0:&SPN4'
M#04V@@)5E1!=@#8C^T+$'&JB3#HE9XC=V

3]^RJ 7
MM$C;)LM69!+7^'FKSKS^M[T@@WH_X0[ROXA+]9[J:7@=I.I63('$3IS%0\QN




9/*;A






G4!KS8(!*

*SZ^J5ZL(*HA0I+\NCN)%_@_5ZK.#)^T4$/UK.
MRRT7



M'



M%8.R&.C[N]MAP:_]9!
%8P7


]E$?
M)JG*E]K[36+=^]




SN&9ZY7X



@4R(ID

M\*
*\+0J SBMIKDI
78)&)_#L:ZM\$ *=*N;_-)SSKF;&/Z7E$3D7SQ3!1



9W26]?$I*]U.$KEGVZGD;]_2R[\L! 1NO]ZQ=^?K9


ML8B '1

MU1F+FAMNBC_F;K.+XJ)NU[H2A@+VM










%
=*3XTM5[$Y^9/VTMCV+-1*BWCE.-O=$E?N(9(S!B




R @9B9N

'$ +F^W@L[7
MHA6!4O:^+S__V_+XNW?

6P!X$5WN
Y-N+D3)SM
M#




]FU0.












A3$;
WN1(!G1NE!
MV7%1FHV]/B;X0STN@W=:




MM\+!-\


M7D9[IJ$



'0K(Z3]3)Y6.[K6D=1UA[

M?F_CA=[RPT6G;MP;W!J:^@KKDTBU]&%E

_TK
YU

?C)+V+AS\_#MY5]LI.M6F+#4M)3'Y L8M



M2HJSA@IJF8+*]3B$%*X&U



M&KO3\RJAWEJ.W:(3;L

M6TOEQX%$17S'E
R2Y5DV&$'R2X05Y %5
Y@U+@+K
EMJ0F@=/J9PS!M]J;

MQN=2G

MSX

+/7$M-
MZG5^


M!]N4J0



O%UYPX:?6ZARBMD5A_TW
\R2J(3/.



 LH?1 Z[*Q?#):3:#T\)9_6D3$+R)LHIE9&ZO\

2$]T;W2HX

V&4 

MGY&!

MZFGAYUOG6.;?UP.+@+

MYT+Q.8Q].@Z!



M9B/I\W L[
\D[X0RJY@*I



MOMU7$.L%T6CDL+O#I)88S[G.*.O1JVD/0I+G1ZR6:%X1&.!^9
&H.Q@Z$RB7

[AHCN!I:1 30R!+T5*L0!J3C %6
M 66[QEG+P'@10/4+BC_LKD!:D9+CRCH/:B*#1S*  %4QJ'L3D]H[0SV)EX:*
M_22%NHV35&.=SSM20\3WKK]+V[F)O$2\-!XP$K+R1EU H^GGZL0$/)LHBF1Y
M$[/#4\B;N\ENH'HG#]J 
F6-0;1\KBLLFB5'W&/1R
[5.!J[
N[;ZN^MZQD(





M ( !T1\

N:G!G4$L! A0#%     @

M ( !:H 
 &)Y;F0M
C Q.3$R


M@ '(

MAFJ[MP  0T8) !4              ( !O3T. &)Y;F0M
C Q.3$R



3 S
GAF


M

M        @ &Z 1
 8GEN9#(P
3DQ
6YD
C Q.3$P:V5X+3
R
2YH=&U02P$% ,4      (
MBG-0%XLHF2\&  !?)@  %0              @ $_&1
 8GEN9#(P
3DQ
&ME


  !H              ( !?C\3


3 &-H87)T+3=F-#@R9#%F8S$Y
B

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Mar. 31
Jun. 30
Sep. 29
Dec. 31
Mar. 30
Jun. 29
Sep. 28
Dec. 31
12
17
26
31
40
67
91
98
10
14
21
23
29
44
59
65
2
2
5
7
10
22
32
33
1
2
2
3
4
4
5
5
Selling
5
7
10
11
11
15
20
27
2
1
7
9
13
14
16
20
29
34
(5
(7
(8
(7
(5
2
3
(11
Other
1
1
Total other (expense) income
(1
(1
(11
(5
(7
(9
(7
(6
(9
4
(5
(7
(9
(7
(6
(9
4
The sum of quarterly amounts
 including per share amounts
 may not equal amounts reported for year-to-date periods. This is due to the effects of rounding and changes in the number of weighted-average shares outstanding for each period.



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant
 and equipment
Property
A summary of property
 plant

 2019
December 31
37
25
8
6
7
7
1
11
3
Total property
68
43
20
12
Property
 plant and equipment
47
30
527



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Year Ended December 31





Year Ended December 31
(2
(6
(10
State income tax
(2
(1
(1
2
(21
11
23
6
910





 2019 and 2018
December 31
50
29
1
1
2
1
56
31
Property
55
31
617




The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company&#8217;s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
3
1
846



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

































































































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 plant

      
      

 plant

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of property
 plant

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of property
 plant

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    

  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Temporary equity
 adjustment upon conversion



123



Temporary equity
 issuance costs













Temporary equity
 issuance costs













Temporary equity
 issuance costs










Temporary Equity
 Equity Component of Convertible Debt
 Subsequent Adjustments




























Temporary Equity
 Stock Issuance Costs


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











988


271





080


626





596


257





930


672





594


826



Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

474


527



Other non-current assets
 net








923


749












923


247





768


255





129


312





805


391





000
















918





697


167














000



Long-term portion of bank term loan
 net

637


388



Equipment loan
 net

932


000












136


792





















540










Preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding






Common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000
000 shares and 58
669
600 shares authorized at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively; 61
576
494 and 6
951
350 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively








199


921





115)


672)





090


750)



Total liabilities
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)

923


749





















000





















999





















882





















948





















214





















840





















658





















999







Capital Lease Obligations and Other Liabilities
 Noncurrent






















































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 excluding current portion.

























































Amount of long-term loans classified as other
 payable after one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying amount
 attributable to parent
 of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

























































































































878









813









817









840









353









167









868


















684









418











































Purchase commitments
 total

102









700


700


000





























































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





















































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


















































































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















Oct. 31
 2019
Aug. 01
 2019
Jun. 10
 2019
May 01
 2019
Apr. 30
 2019
Apr. 29
 2019
Apr. 18
 2019
Apr. 03
 2019
Nov. 15
 2018
Apr. 30
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Jul. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2016







































































571
925


136
012


476














































































170
976


120
293


207
029


120
293


170
976


879
850





























245




















































































































































482
356










482
356

















































170
976


120
293




120
293


170
976







































335
331


864
738

































297
638


859




859


297
638

































































































144
521































Percent of common stock outstanding
 per year































































































































































































300
000


500
000


000





































400
000








400
000





Unrecognized compensation expense
 period of recognition






















































































































































196






















































Shares issued
 unvested



























004








004

































700
000













Unrecognized compensation expense
 period of recognition




































































100
000








100
000




































































































































862














































































Shares issued
 unvested



























004








004























































































Unrecognized compensation expense
 period of recognition




































































000
000.0








000
000.0





Share-based compensation expense accrued
 not issued



























000
000.0



















































































































433


791




006
658


433


791





























































































Shares issued
 unvested



























988


127




127


988










































































800
000


000







































700
000








700
000










































































988








988








































































































































































































































































































































































































195









































130























Percent of common stock outstanding
 per year





































































































































































820










999




033






















































































































































974




360
































































































































































496
















































































































































































433




































































Executive Officer
 one | Employee | 2018 Plan





















































































073


000


000






000
000




































































Executive Officer
 one | Employee | Employee Stock Options


























































































































Executive Officer
 one | Employee | Restricted Stock Units


























































































































Executive Officer
 one | Employee | Restricted Stock Units | 2018 Plan



















































































295







































Executive Officer
 two | Employee | 2018 Plan



















































































590







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































620

















































































































































909






909
























































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Authorization of Additional Shares Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Purchase Price Per Share




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Unvested
 Purchased




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Additional Shares Authorized per Year




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percentage of Outstanding Stock Maximum per Year




























Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Unearned Cost

























































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from parties associated with the reporting entity as evidenced by a written promise to pay.




























Identify the stated interest rate per the agreement
 for example
 leasing and debt arrangements between related parties.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment - Narrative (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










106
000


921
000


181
000





600
000


000
000.0














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










700
000


700
000


900
000












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










400
000


200
000


000












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










000


000









Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group
 expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















































689






























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















428


617









800











336


846


201





























100


100































500


700





Operating loss carryforwards
 not subject to expiration



700

































800


300





















































Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Not Subject to Expiration

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.







































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













319
980


114
750


521
978























170
976



























004





























953
983


361
211

























767


767


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













884
000


756
000







958
000


517
000







754
000


984
000







596
000


257
000







400
000


000





























400
000







Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Carrying amount
 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































































































































































Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Aug. 05
 2019
May 06
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]




















415


















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]












Sale of stock
 number of shares issued in transaction (in shares)



068
750









Sale of stock
 price per share (in dollars per share)












Proceeds from IPO
 net



400













400









Sale of stock
 issuance costs



900













562
111




























500


400









900


900




















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]












Sale of stock
 price per share (in dollars per share)












Proceeds from IPO
 net

400













500











Sale of stock
 issuance costs

100













487
500

















200













100




















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]














000
























Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]


















562
111




















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]


















068
750











767






















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]


















000











Sale of Stock
 Discounts and Commissions




























Stock Issued During Period
 Stock Issuance Costs




























Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.










































































































































































































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment


Dec. 31
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost and capital lease assets are included. A summary of property
 plant
December 31
 2019
December 31
37
25
8
6
7
7
1
11
3
Total property
68
43
20
12
Property
 plant and equipment
47
30
527
 
 and 
 
 and 
 respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in 
 and 2017
 
 
 respectively
 were recorded in cost of goods sold
 
 
 respectively
 were recorded in research and development expenses
$71
000
$13
000
 respectively
 were recorded in SG&amp;A expenses
 in property
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively. The Company expects to sell such assets in 2020 for amounts that approximate book value.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company has operating leases for its corporate offices including its research and development center
 its manufacturing facilities and its warehouses
The following table represents the Company&#8217;s commitments as of December 31
Year Ended December 31
1
22
1
21
1
1
1
5
13
44
(1)  Excludes lease payments during two-year lease extension entered into subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019 for one of the Company&#8217;s manufacturing facilities in Columbia
Total rent expense in 2019
 2018 and 2017 was 
 
 respectively. Rent expense is reflected in cost of goods sold
December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling 
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2019
 on January 10
 2020
On May&#160;25
 2017
 Don Lee Farms
 a division of Goodman Food Products
 Inc.
 filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles asserting claims for breach of contract
 misappropriation of trade secrets
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code
 money owed and due
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
Don Lee Farms. The Company denies all of these claims and filed counterclaims on July&#160;27
 2017
 alleging breach of contract
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code and conversion. In October 2018
 of the Company&#8217;s current contract manufacturers as a defendant
 principally for claims arising from the current contract manufacturer&#8217;s alleged use of the former co-manufacturer&#8217;s alleged trade secrets
 and for replacing the former co-manufacturer as one of the Company&#8217;s current co-manufacturers.&#160;The current contract manufacturer filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity
 contribution
 and repayment. On March 11
 2019
&#160;Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against the Company. On May 30
 2019
 the&#160;judge denied the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed.&#160;On June 19
 2019
 the Company filed an answer denying Don Lee Farms' claims.&#160; On January 27
 2020
 Don Lee Farms filed a third amended complaint to add three individual defendants
 all of whom are current or former employees of the Company
 including Mark Nelson
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 to Don Lee Farms&#8217; existing fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraud and negligent misrepresentations. The individual defendants deny all allegations of fraud and negligent misrepresentations.&#160; On January 24
 2020
$628
 on the grounds that Don Lee Farms had established a &#8220;probable validity&#8221; of its claim that the Company owes it money for a small batch of unpaid invoices.&#160; This determination was not made by the trial judge.&#160; The trial judge has yet to determine the legitimacy or merits of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims.&#160; The previous trial date
 May 18
 2020
 has been continued.&#160; Trial is currently set for February 8
Don Lee Farms is seeking from Beyond Meat and the current contract manufacturer unspecified compensatory and punitive damages
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of Beyond Meat&#8217;s use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. The Company is seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages
 restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms
 and attorneys&#8217;&#160;fees and costs. The current contract manufacturer is seeking indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment from the Company of any or all damages that the current contract manufacturer may be found liable to Don Lee Farms
The Company believes it was justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 that the Company did not misappropriate their alleged trade secrets
 that the Company is not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the proposed second amended complaint
 that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in our cross-complaint
 and that the Company is not liable to ProPortion for any indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment
and costs. The Company is currently in the process of litigating this matter and intends to vigorously defend&#160;itself and its current and former employees against&#160;the claims. The Company cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or the current contract manufacturer will not prevail in all or some of their claims against the Company&#160;or the individual defendants
 or that&#160;the Company will prevail in some or all of its claims against Don Lee Farms. For example
 if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit
 the Company could be required to pay damages
 including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what the Company would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce its products through 2019
 the end of the contract term
 and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of the Company&#8217;s products or in the products themselves
 and thus claim a stake in the value the Company has derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after the Company terminated its supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. Based on the Company&#8217;s current knowledge
On January 30
 2020
 Larry Tran
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to the Company&#8217;s public disclosures regarding the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2
 2019 to January 27
On March 16
 2020
 Eric Weiner
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of the Company&#8217;s directors
 including one former director
 who signed the Company&#8217;s initial public offering registration statement.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 16
 2020
Based on the early stage of this matter
 the Company is unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On March 18
 2020
 Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein
 purported shareholders of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 executive officers
 President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 18
 2020
. Based on the early stage of this matter
 the Company is unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
Also on March 18
 2020
 Nazrin Massaro filed a putative class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against Beyond Meat and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
 products to the putative class members in violation of consumers&#8217; privacy rights. The lawsuit further alleges that PETA sent the text messages at the direction
 and/or under the control
The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings
 claims
 and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on the facts currently available
&#160;the Company&#160;does not believe that the disposition of such matters that are pending or asserted will have a material effect on&#160;its financial&#160;statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 16
 2020
Jan. 20
 2020
Jan. 10
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019





















102

























Purchase agreement
 term
















100





Operating lease
 expense














Period covered by the long-term purchase commitment
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 28
 2019
Jun. 29
 2019
Mar. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 29
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]








846


201





695














336


846








































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










918










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










918










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










918










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










441










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










441










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Mar. 31
Jun. 30
Sep. 29
Dec. 31
Mar. 30
Jun. 29
Sep. 28
Dec. 31
12
17
26
31
40
67
91
98
10
14
21
23
29
44
59
65
2
2
5
7
10
22
32
33
1
2
2
3
4
4
5
5
Selling
5
7
10
11
11
15
20
27
2
1
7
9
13
14
16
20
29
34
(5
(7
(8
(7
(5
2
3
(11
Other
1
1
Total other (expense) income
(1
(1
(11
(5
(7
(9
(7
(6
(9
4
(5
(7
(9
(7
(6
(9
4
The sum of quarterly amounts
 including per share amounts
 may not equal amounts reported for year-to-date periods. This is due to the effects of rounding and changes in the number of weighted-average shares outstanding for each period.



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













900
000


500
000


500
000









300
000









200
000





400
000


000





Accrued unpaid liabilities
 contract termination

100
000































200
000



























400
000




































Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.



















































































































Amount of restructuring charges
 remediation cost
 and asset impairment loss.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
6
6
20
20
5
5
30
30
11
19
30
December&#160;31
 2019
 debt issuance costs
 net of amortization
 totaled 
 respectively. Debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense over the term of the loan for which amortization of 
$93
37
000
 
In June 2018
 term loan advance at closing
 term loan advance
 if no event of default has occurred and is continuing through the borrowing date
 above the prime rate
 with interest payable monthly and principal amortizing commencing on July 1
 2020
The 2018 Term Loan Facility and the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility (the &#8220;SVB Credit Facilities
&#8221;) contain customary negative financial covenants that limit the Company&#8217;s ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 grant liens
 make investments
 repurchase stock
 pay dividends
 transfer assets and merge or consolidate. The SVB Credit Facilities also contain customary affirmative financial covenants
December&#160;31
The SVB Credit Facilities are secured by an interest in the Company&#8217;s assets including manufacturing equipment
 inventory
 contract rights or rights to payment of money
 leases
 license agreements
 general intangibles
In conjunction with the execution of the Amended LSA
60
$30
 to SVB in connection with the execution of the Amended LSA. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 and 
 in borrowings on the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and 2018 Term Loan Facility
 respectively
 and had 
 the Company incurred 
 respectively
 in interest expense related to the SVB Credit Facilities. In 2017
December&#160;31
 2019
In September 2018
 the Company entered into an agreement with Structural Capital Investments II
 LP
 or Structural Capital
 for the purpose of purchasing equipment. Subject to Structural Capital&#8217;s approval
. The equipment loan facility matures on May 1
 2022
 after loan draw depending on the Company achieving certain financial milestones
 and therefore
 are paid over a period of 
 respectively. As of June 30
 2019
 the Company achieved all of the milestones and
 therefore
 monthly installment repayments of principal are expected to begin on December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 respectively. For 
 
 the Company recorded 
 
 and 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 on December&#160;20
 2013 or the Missouri Note. The principal was due and payable on December&#160;20
 per year
 payable quarterly
 commencing on December&#160;31
$29
000
 in 2017. On June 28
 2018
From August 2017 through November 2017
 in Convertible Promissory Notes (&#8220;2017 Convertible Notes&#8221;) to several purchasers of the Series&#160;G Preferred Stock
1
026
 of the cash price per share of the Series&#160;G Preferred Stock issuance. In connection with the accounting for the 2017 Convertible Notes
 was recognized at issuance
In connection with its financing arrangements
 of the financing arrangements
121
 per share. For a separate financing arrangement
39
 per share. In connection with the Company&#8217;s refinancing of its credit facilities with SVB
60
 per share. Upon the closing of the IPO
160
 shares of common stock at the same respective exercise price per share. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
December&#160;31
 2019



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Year Ended December 31
The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Provision for income taxes in 2019
Year Ended December 31
(2
(6
(10
State income tax
(2
(1
(1
2
(21
11
23
6
Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 are shown below. A valuation allowance has been recorded to offset the net deferred tax assets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
December 31
50
29
1
1
2
1
56
31
Property
55
31
As of December 31
 2019
 and 2018
 management assessed the realizability of deferred tax assets and evaluated the need for an amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis. This evaluation utilizes the framework contained in ASC 740
 
 pursuant to which management analyzed all positive and negative evidence available at the balance sheet date to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Under this guidance
In concluding on the evaluation
 management placed significant emphasis on guidance in ASC 740
 which states that &#8220;a cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome.&#8221; Based upon available evidence
 it was concluded on a more-likely-than-not basis that certain deferred tax assets were not realizable as of December 31
 2019. Accordingly
 has been recorded to offset these deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31
As of December&#160;31
 2018
 the Company has accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
As of December 31
 2019
 the Company has accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
of the federal net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal and state tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031 and 2032
 respectively
Utilization of the Company&#8217;s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration or elimination of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. The Company is currently analyzing ownership shifts since inception to determine the limitation
The Company adopted ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2018. Under ASU 2016-09
 the Company no longer records excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies related to share-based payments to employees in additional paid-in capital. Instead
 the Company will recognize all income tax effects of share-based awards in its statement of operations when awards vest or are settled. All excess tax benefits not previously recognized were to be recorded to retained earnings as a cumulative effect adjustment upon adoption. Upon adoption
 no adjustment to retained earnings was necessary due to the Company&#8217;s valuation allowance position. In 2018
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or the Tax Act was enacted in the United States on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act reduced the United States federal corporate income tax rate to 21% from 35%
The Company completed its accounting for all of the enactment-date income tax effects of the Act as of December 31
 2018 and did not recognize adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded at December 31
The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company&#8217;s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
1
1
1
3
1
As of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company had 
 respectively
 of unrecognized tax benefits from research and development tax credits
 none of which
 if recognized
The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 interest and penalties recognized were insignificant. The Company does not expect any significant increases or decreases to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.




































{
 instance: {
  bynd201910k.htm: {
   axisCustom: 0
   axisStandard: 39
   contextCount: 329
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20191231_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20191231_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      bynd201910k.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20191231_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-doc-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20191231_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-ref-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      bynd-20191231.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/arcrole/factExplanatory-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2019/currency-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2019/exch-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017/naics-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011/sic-2011-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018/stpr-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-parts-codification-2019-01-31.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 676
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31: 94
    http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231: 6
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31: 5
    total: 105
   }
   keyCustom: 43
   keyStandard: 424
   memberCustom: 30
   memberStandard: 73
   nsprefix: bynd
   nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:EntityRegistrantName
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 0001000 - Document - Cover Page Document
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     shortName: Cover Page Document
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:EntityRegistrantName
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2107100 - Disclosure - Restructuring
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Restructuring
     shortName: Restructuring
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2110100 - Disclosure - Inventories
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Inventories
     shortName: Inventories
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2111100 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2112100 - Disclosure - Debt
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Debt
     shortName: Debt
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2113100 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStock
     shortName: Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2114100 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensation
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2115100 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2116100 - Disclosure - Income Taxes
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2117100 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholders
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2118100 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     shortName: Subsequent Events
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001000 - Statement - Balance Sheets
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     shortName: Balance Sheets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2119100 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnaudited
     shortName: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2204201 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2304302 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2310301 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesTables
     shortName: Inventories (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2311301 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2312301 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtTables
     shortName: Debt (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2314301 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2315301 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2316301 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2317301 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersTables
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001001 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
     shortName: Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2319301 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedTables
     shortName: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401401 - Disclosure - Introduction (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     shortName: Introduction (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: D2019Q2May06_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis_us-gaap_IPOMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       us-gaap:SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404403 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       us-gaap:SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404404 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404405 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of financial instruments measured at fair value (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of financial instruments measured at fair value (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404406 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of fair value valuation (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of fair value valuation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis_us-gaap_MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember
      decimals: 2
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404407 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of changes in fair value (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfChangesInFairValueDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of changes in fair value (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: bynd:SalesDiscount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404408 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of net revenues by platform and channel (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of net revenues by platform and channel (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: bynd:SalesDiscount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2407401 - Disclosure - Restructuring (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     shortName: Restructuring (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2410402 - Disclosure - Inventories (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     shortName: Inventories (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002000 - Statement - Statements of Operations
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     shortName: Statements of Operations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2411402 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2411403 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredFinanceCostsNet
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2412402 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of debt balances (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     shortName: Debt - Schedule of debt balances (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2412403 - Disclosure - Debt - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Debt - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis_bynd_SVBCreditFacilitiesMember_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis_us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpenseDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: I2019Q2May06
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2413401 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     shortName: Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: I2019Q2May06
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2414402 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: D2018Q4Dec_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis_bynd_A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2414403 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2414404 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of stock option activity (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of stock option activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2414405 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of restricted stock and RSU activity (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of restricted stock and RSU activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2415402 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Leases and Purchase Commitments (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Leases and Purchase Commitments (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003000 - Statement - Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     shortName: Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: D2018Q4Oct31_srt_LitigationCaseAxis_bynd_FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember_us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis_us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: defendant
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2415403 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: D2018Q4Oct31_srt_LitigationCaseAxis_bynd_FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember_us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis_us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: defendant
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416402 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of components of income tax expense (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of components of income tax expense (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416403 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416404 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416405 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416406 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of unrecognized tax benefits (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of unrecognized tax benefits (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417402 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417403 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders - Schedule of basic and diluted net loss per common share (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders - Schedule of basic and diluted net loss per common share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417404 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders - Schedule of antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders - Schedule of antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FI2019Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PurchaseObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418401 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     shortName: Subsequent Events (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: D2020Q1Jan10_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: null
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003001 - Statement - Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     shortName: Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2419402 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
     shortName: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004000 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     shortName: Statements of Cash Flows
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherNoncashExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2101100 - Disclosure - Introduction
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Introduction
     shortName: Introduction
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2104100 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd201910k.htm
      contextRef: FD2019Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 107
   tag: {
    bynd_A2018EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member]
        label: 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 ESPP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2018EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2018 Equity Incentive Plan [Member]
        label: 2018 Equity Incentive Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_A2018TermLoanFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2018 Term Loan Facility [Member]
        label: 2018 Term Loan Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 Term Loan Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2018TermLoanFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_AdvisorAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Advisor Agreement [Member]
        label: Advisor Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Advisor Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvisorAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_AggregateIntrinsicValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract]
        label: Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Aggregate Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AggregateIntrinsicValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_AmendedAdvisorAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amended Advisor Agreement [Member]
        label: Amended Advisor Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Amended Advisor Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendedAdvisorAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_Beginning2020FiscalYearMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Beginning 2020 Fiscal Year [Member]
        label: Beginning 2020 Fiscal Year [Member]
        terseLabel: Beginning 2020 Fiscal Year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Beginning2020FiscalYearMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_BonusforServicesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Bonus for Services [Member]
        label: Bonus for Services [Member]
        terseLabel: Bonus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BonusforServicesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_CapitalLeaseObligationsAndOtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capital Lease Obligations and Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        label: Capital Lease Obligations And Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsAndOtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_CashPaidAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash Paid [Abstract]
        label: Cash Paid [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash paid during the period for:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashPaidAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_CommonStockWarrantsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Stock Warrants [Member]
        label: Common Stock Warrants [Member]
        terseLabel: Common stock warrant liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockWarrantsMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_ConsultingAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Consulting Agreement [Member]
        label: Consulting Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Consulting Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsultingAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_ConvertiblePreferredStockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Convertible Preferred Stock [Abstract]
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cumulative Effect, Period Of Adoption, Adjustment [Member]
        label: Cumulative Effect, Period Of Adoption, Adjustment [Member]
        terseLabel: Adjustment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentAdditionalFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Additional Face Amount
        label: Debt Instrument, Additional Face Amount
        terseLabel: Debt, additional face amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAdditionalFaceAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeaturePercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Convertible, Beneficial Conversion Feature, Percent
        label: Debt Instrument, Convertible, Beneficial Conversion Feature, Percent
        terseLabel: Debt, conversion feature, percent of cash price per share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeaturePercent
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberofPurchasers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Convertible, Number of Purchasers
        label: Debt Instrument, Convertible, Number of Purchasers
        terseLabel: Number of purchasers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberofPurchasers
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentDebtDefaultBasisSpreadonVariableRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Debt Default, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        label: Debt Instrument, Debt Default, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Variable annual interest rate, additional upon default
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentDebtDefaultBasisSpreadonVariableRate
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPaymentsBeginning18MonthsafterLoanDrawMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Payments Beginning 18 Months after Loan Draw [Member]
        label: Debt Instrument, Payments Beginning 18 Months after Loan Draw [Member]
        terseLabel: Payments begin 18 months after loan draw
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPaymentsBeginning18MonthsafterLoanDrawMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPaymentsBeginningSixMonthsafterLoanDrawMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Payments Beginning Six Months after Loan Draw [Member]
        label: Debt Instrument, Payments Beginning Six Months after Loan Draw [Member]
        terseLabel: Payments begin six months after loan draw
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPaymentsBeginningSixMonthsafterLoanDrawMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsFinalPaymentFeePercentIncrease: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment Terms, Final Payment Fee, Percent Increase
        label: Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment Terms, Final Payment Fee, Percent Increase
        terseLabel: Commitment fee, percent increase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsFinalPaymentFeePercentIncrease
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyFirstTwoYearsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, First Two Years [Member]
        label: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, First Two Years [Member]
        terseLabel: First two years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyFirstTwoYearsMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPercentofFacilityCommitment: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, Percent of Facility Commitment
        label: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, Percent of Facility Commitment
        terseLabel: Prepayment penalty, percent of facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPercentofFacilityCommitment
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, Period
        label: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, Period
        terseLabel: Prepayment penalty, period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyThereafterMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, Thereafter [Member]
        label: Debt Instrument, Prepayment Penalty, Thereafter [Member]
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPrepaymentPenaltyThereafterMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DeferredOfferingCostsIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Offering Costs, Incurred But Not Yet Paid
        label: Deferred Offering Costs, Incurred But Not Yet Paid
        terseLabel: Accrued stock issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredOfferingCostsIncurredButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_DenominatorAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Denominator [Abstract]
        label: Denominator [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Denominator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DenominatorAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_DistributorOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor One [Member]
        label: Distributor One [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributorOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DistributorThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor Three [Member]
        label: Distributor Three [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor Three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributorThreeMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DistributorTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor Two [Member]
        label: Distributor Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor Two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributorTwoMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DonaldThompsonMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Donald Thompson [Member]
        label: Donald Thompson [Member]
        terseLabel: Donald Thompson
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DonaldThompsonMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationReturntoProvisionandOtherAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Return to Provision and Other, Amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Return to Provision and Other, Amount
        terseLabel: Return to provision and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationReturntoProvisionandOtherAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStockWarrantLiabilityAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Stock Warrant Liability, Amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Stock Warrant Liability, Amount
        terseLabel: Stock warrant liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStockWarrantLiabilityAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_EquipmentLoanFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment Loan Facility [Member]
        label: Equipment Loan Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Equipment Loan Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquipmentLoanFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_ExecutiveOfficerTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Executive Officer, Two [Member]
        label: Executive Officer, Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Executive Officer, two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveOfficerTwoMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Former Co-Manufacturer Complaint [Member]
        label: Former Co-Manufacturer Complaint [Member]
        terseLabel: Former Co-manufacturer Complaint
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_FreshMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fresh [Member]
        label: Fresh [Member]
        terseLabel: Gross Fresh Platform
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FreshMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_FrozenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Frozen [Member]
        label: Frozen [Member]
        terseLabel: Gross Frozen Platform
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FrozenMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_GrossMargin: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross Margin
        label: Gross Margin
        terseLabel: Gross margin
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossMargin
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_IssuanceofConvertiblePreferredStockWarrantsinConnectionwithDebt: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants in Connection with Debt
        label: Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants in Connection with Debt
        terseLabel: Issuance of convertible preferred stock warrants in connection with debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IssuanceofConvertiblePreferredStockWarrantsinConnectionwithDebt
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_LoanstoRelatedPartiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Loans to Related Parties [Member]
        label: Loans to Related Parties [Member]
        terseLabel: Loans to Related Parties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LoanstoRelatedPartiesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_NonqualifiedStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non-qualified Stock Option [Member]
        label: Non-qualified Stock Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Non-qualified Stock Option
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonqualifiedStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_NumeratorAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Numerator [Abstract]
        label: Numerator [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Numerator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumeratorAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards, not subject to expiration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_PaymentsforSecurityDeposits: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments for Security Deposits
        label: Payments for Security Deposits
        negatedTerseLabel: Payment of security deposits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsforSecurityDeposits
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_PaymentstoAcquirePropertyPlantandEquipmentHeldforsale: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Held-for-sale
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Held-for-sale
        negatedTerseLabel: Purchases of property, plant and equipment held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentstoAcquirePropertyPlantandEquipmentHeldforsale
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_PreferredStockWarrantsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred Stock Warrants [Member]
        label: Preferred Stock Warrants [Member]
        terseLabel: Preferred stock warrant liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockWarrantsMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_PrepaidExpensesPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Prepaid Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        label: Prepaid Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpensesPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_ProceedsFromEquipmentLoans: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds From Equipment Loans
        label: Proceeds From Equipment Loans
        terseLabel: Proceeds from equipment loan borrowing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromEquipmentLoans
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ReclassificationsofTemporarytoPermanentEquityShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reclassifications of Temporary to Permanent Equity, Shares
        label: Reclassifications of Temporary to Permanent Equity, Shares
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible preferred stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationsofTemporarytoPermanentEquityShares
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDailyTransactionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party Transaction, Daily Transaction Amount
        label: Related Party Transaction, Daily Transaction Amount
        terseLabel: Daily transaction amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDailyTransactionAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party Transaction, Days of Service Per Month
        label: Related Party Transaction, Days of Service Per Month
        terseLabel: Days of service
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party Transaction, Monthly Transaction Amount
        label: Related Party Transaction, Monthly Transaction Amount
        terseLabel: Monthly transaction amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Research And Development Equipment [Member]
        label: Research And Development Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Research and development equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_RevenuefromContractwithCustomerExcludingAssessedTaxGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax, Gross
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax, Gross
        terseLabel: Gross revenues
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenuefromContractwithCustomerExcludingAssessedTaxGross
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_SVBCreditFacilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: SVB Credit Facilities [Member]
        label: SVB Credit Facilities [Member]
        terseLabel: SVB Credit Facilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SVBCreditFacilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_SaleofStockDiscountsandCommissions: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sale of Stock, Discounts and Commissions
        label: Sale of Stock, Discounts and Commissions
        terseLabel: Underwriting discounts and commissions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleofStockDiscountsandCommissions
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_SalesDiscount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sales Discount
        label: Sales Discount
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: Discounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesDiscount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_SecondaryPublicOfferingMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Secondary Public Offering [Member]
        label: Secondary Public Offering [Member]
        terseLabel: Secondary Offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecondaryPublicOfferingMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Intrinsic Value
        label: Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Vested And Expected To Vest, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value, vested and expected to vest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAuthorizationofAdditionalSharesPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Authorization of Additional Shares Period
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Authorization of Additional Shares Period
        terseLabel: Period of additional shares authorized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAuthorizationofAdditionalSharesPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodPurchasePricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Purchase Price Per Share
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Purchase Price Per Share
        terseLabel: Purchase price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodPurchasePricePerShare
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsUnvestedPurchased: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Unvested, Purchased
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Unvested, Purchased
        terseLabel: Shares of restricted stock purchased by nonemployees (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsUnvestedPurchased
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofAdditionalSharesAuthorizedPerYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized per Year
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized Per Year
        terseLabel: Additional shares authorized annually
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofAdditionalSharesAuthorizedPerYear
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentageofOutstandingStockMaximumPerYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percentage of Outstanding Stock Maximum per Year
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percentage of Outstanding Stock Maximum Per Year
        terseLabel: Percent of common stock outstanding, per year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentageofOutstandingStockMaximumPerYear
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Unearned Cost
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Unearned Cost
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation expense accrued, not issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCost
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseofWarrants: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Exercise of Warrants
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Exercise of Warrants
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock warrants (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseofWarrants
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Stock Issuance Costs
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Stock Issuance Costs
        terseLabel: Sale of stock, issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodStockIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueExerciseofWarrants: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Exercise of Warrants
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Exercise of Warrants
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueExerciseofWarrants
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePaymentofNote: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Payment of Note
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Payment of Note
        terseLabel: Payoff of promissory notes receivable for restricted stock purchase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePaymentofNote
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockWarrantLiabilityPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Warrant Liability, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        label: Stock Warrant Liability, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock Warrant Liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockWarrantLiabilityPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityEquityComponentofConvertibleDebtSubsequentAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Equity Component of Convertible Debt, Subsequent Adjustments
        label: Temporary Equity, Equity Component of Convertible Debt, Subsequent Adjustments
        terseLabel: Temporary equity, adjustment upon conversion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityEquityComponentofConvertibleDebtSubsequentAdjustments
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Stock Issuance Costs
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issuance Costs
        terseLabel: Temporary equity, issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionofConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Conversion of convertible notes upon issuance of Series G preferred stock(inclusive of $1,123 adjustment upon conversion (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionofConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues
        terseLabel: Issuance of Series G preferred stock, net of issuance costs (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionofConvertibleSecuritiesNetofAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities, Net of Adjustments
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities, Net of Adjustments
        terseLabel: Conversion of convertible notes upon issuance of Series G preferred stock (inclusive of $1,123 adjustment upon conversion)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionofConvertibleSecuritiesNetofAdjustments
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_TwoPurchasersMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two Purchasers [Member]
        label: Two Purchasers [Member]
        terseLabel: Two Purchasers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TwoPurchasersMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_WarrantorRightThresholdGrossProceedsonEquityTransaction: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Warrant or Right, Threshold Gross Proceeds on Equity Transaction
        label: Warrant or Right, Threshold Gross Proceeds on Equity Transaction
        terseLabel: Threshold gross proceeds on equity transaction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantorRightThresholdGrossProceedsonEquityTransaction
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover page.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r445
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r444
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r442
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
        terseLabel: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
        terseLabel: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r453
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.
        label: Entity Ex Transition Period
        terseLabel: Entity Ex Transition Period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityExTransitionPeriod
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r441
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r443
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    srt_AffiliatedEntityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r249
      r380
      r382
      r439
      r451
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An affiliate is a party that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the entity.
        label: Affiliated Entity [Member]
        terseLabel: Food System Strategies, LLC
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AffiliatedEntityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of contractual obligation by timing of payment due. Includes, but is not limited to, long-term debt obligation, lease obligation, and purchase obligation.
        label: Contractual Obligation, Fiscal Year Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of future minimum payments under contractual obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    srt_ExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person with designation of executive officer.
        label: Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: Executive Chair
        verboseLabel: Executive Officer, one
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_LitigationCaseAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of judicial proceeding, alternative dispute resolution or claim.
        label: Litigation Case [Axis]
        terseLabel: Litigation Case [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationCaseAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_LitigationCaseTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Judicial proceeding, alternative dispute resolution or claim. For example, but not limited to, name of case, category of litigation, or other differentiating information.
        label: Litigation Case [Domain]
        terseLabel: Litigation Case [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationCaseTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r238
      r242
      r431
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Axis]
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Domain]
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_OwnershipAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of entity in which ownership interest is disclosed. Excludes equity method investee and named security investment.
        label: Ownership [Axis]
        terseLabel: Ownership [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_OwnershipDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of entity in which ownership interest is disclosed. Excludes equity method investee and named security investment.
        label: Ownership [Domain]
        terseLabel: Ownership [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r147
      r238
      r240
      r428
      r429
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service, or group of similar products and similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RestatementAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r113
      r114
      r115
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect of a correction of an error, other prior year adjustment, or application of a new accounting pronouncement on a financial statement line item or any per share amounts. The cumulative effect of the change on retained earnings or net assets in the statement of financial position would also be represented under this domain member.
        label: Restatement Adjustment [Member]
        terseLabel: Restatement adjustment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestatementAdjustmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RestatementAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by revision of previously issued financial statements.
        label: Restatement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restatement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestatementAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RestatementDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revision of previously issued financial statements.
        label: Restatement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Restatement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestatementDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScenarioForecastMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information reported for future period.
        label: Forecast [Member]
        terseLabel: Forecast
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioForecastMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario reported, distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes, but is not limited to, pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.
        label: Scenario [Domain]
        terseLabel: Scenario [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.
        label: Geographical [Domain]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148
      r238
      r241
      r430
      r433
      r438
      r450
      r452
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.
        label: Geographical [Axis]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_StatementScenarioAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r385
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by scenario reported, distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes, but is not limited to, pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.
        label: Scenario [Axis]
        terseLabel: Scenario [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementScenarioAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
      r381
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual, or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r372
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2016-02
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
      r291
      r292
      r293
      r294
      r295
      r296
      r297
      r298
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2016-09
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201609Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r24
      r151
      r152
      r239
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r47
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for incentive compensation awarded to employees and directors or earned by them based on the terms of one or more relevant arrangements. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Bonuses, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued bonus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedBonusesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r47
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the obligations incurred through that date and payable for employees' services provided. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Salaries, Current
        terseLabel: Wages payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedSalariesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
      r177
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r260
      r302
      r303
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: APIC, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213
      r225
      r233
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from the issuance of warrants. Includes allocation of proceeds of debt securities issued with detachable stock purchase warrants.
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Warrant Issued
        terseLabel: Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital upon closing of the initial public offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260
      r286
      r301
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
      r161
      r162
      r163
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss
        terseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r89
      r363
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense included in interest expense to amortize debt discount and premium associated with the related debt instruments. Excludes amortization of financing costs. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
        label: Amortization of Debt Discount (Premium)
        terseLabel: Debt discount recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r89
      r365
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to debt issuance costs.
        label: Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs
        terseLabel: Amortization of debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfFinancingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount
        terseLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetUnderConstructionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset in process of being built.
        label: Asset under Construction [Member]
        terseLabel: Assets not yet placed in service
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetUnderConstructionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r146
      r404
      r417
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r4
      r58
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group, expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Assets Held-for-sale, Not Part of Disposal Group, Current
        terseLabel: Assets held-for-sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long lived property, plant or equipment assets held by a lessee through a capital lease arrangement.
        label: Assets Held under Capital Leases [Member]
        terseLabel: Capital leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardDateAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by date or year award under share-based payment arrangement is granted.
        label: Award Date [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Date [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardDateAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardDateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date or year award under share-based payment arrangement is granted.
        label: Award Date [Domain]
        terseLabel: Award Date [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardDateDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r95
      r96
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.
        label: Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid
        terseLabel: Non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r371
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the lessor, together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations
        totalLabel: Total capital lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r369
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations, Current
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: current portion of capital lease obligations
        terseLabel: Short-term capital lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r95
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in lease obligation from new lease.
        label: Lease Obligation Incurred
        terseLabel: Capital lease obligations for the purchase of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r369
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the lessor, together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal, through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle, if longer) after the balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Long-term capital lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
        totalLabel: Total minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount necessary to reduce net minimum lease payments to present value for capital leases.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Interest Included in Payments
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: imputed interest (4.1% to 15.9%)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetMinimumPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Net Minimum Payments, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Capital Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetMinimumPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r39
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r92
      r98
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r91
      r97
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r361
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r235
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of warrant or right issued.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the class or type of warrant or right outstanding. Warrants and rights represent derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company, whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also, the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years, while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        terseLabel: Exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, each warrant may be converted into two shares.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Each Warrant or Right
        terseLabel: Number of shares able to purchase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, 500,000 warrants may be converted into 1,000,000 shares.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
        terseLabel: Number of warrants issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of warrants or rights outstanding.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Warrants outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
      r235
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure for warrants or rights issued, which includes the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding, the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding, the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable, and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Table]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r196
      r408
      r423
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195
      r205
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r208
      r434
      r435
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies, which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common stock, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share\u2014500,000,000 shares and 58,669,600 shares authorized at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively; 61,576,494 and 6,951,350 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r138
      r359
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r138
      r359
      r360
      r432
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r138
      r359
      r360
      r432
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r138
      r359
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Concentration risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r138
      r359
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractTerminationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of a contract associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.
        label: Contract Termination [Member]
        terseLabel: Contract Termination
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractTerminationMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by sales channel for delivery of good or service in contract with customer.
        label: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Axis]
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sales channel for delivery of good or service in contract with customer. Includes, but is not limited to, directly to consumer and through intermediary.
        label: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Domain]
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred stock that may be exchanged into common shares or other types of securities at the owner's option.
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock (as converted)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r22
      r226
      r229
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued for each share of convertible preferred stock that is converted.
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock, Shares Issued upon Conversion
        terseLabel: Number of shares issued for each share of convertible preferred stock converted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt that places a lender in a lien position behind debt having a higher priority of repayment in liquidation of the entity's assets which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security, typically the entity's common stock, at the option of the issuer or the holder.
        label: Convertible Subordinated Debt [Member]
        terseLabel: Convertible Promissory Note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertibleSubordinatedDebtMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.
        label: Cost of Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Cost of Goods Sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cost of product sold and service rendered.
        label: Cost of Goods and Service [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r188
      r189
      r193
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and reporting costs associated with exiting, disposing of, and restructuring certain operations.
        label: Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities or Restructurings, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Federal, State and Local, Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r333
      r337
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r333
      r337
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r333
      r337
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRefundLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Current regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to make refunds to customers for various reasons including overpayment.
        label: Customer Refund Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Liability for estimated sales discounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRefundLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Debt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.
        label: Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Variable annual interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r214
      r406
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but is not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Gross
        terseLabel: Debt, outstanding balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
      r366
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.
        label: Debt Instrument, Face Amount
        terseLabel: Debt, face amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r216
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective interest rate for the funds borrowed under the debt agreement considering interest compounding and original issue discount or premium.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Effective Percentage
        terseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage
        terseLabel: Stated rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about timing of debt redemption features under terms of the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Axis]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period as defined under terms of the debt agreement for debt redemption features.
        label: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Domain]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodFourMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period four representing fourth most current period of debt redemption features under terms of the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period Four [Member]
        terseLabel: Advance upon Structural Capital's approval
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodFourMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period one representing most current period of debt redemption features under terms of the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period One [Member]
        terseLabel: Advance at closing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period three representing third most current period of debt redemption features under terms of the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period Three [Member]
        terseLabel: Advance if no event of default, based on minimum level of gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodThreeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period two representing second most current period of debt redemption features under terms of the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Redemption, Period Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Advance if no event of default
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodTwoMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r104
      r226
      r230
      r231
      r232
      r363
      r364
      r366
      r414
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Debt Instrument, Term
        terseLabel: Debt term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
      r366
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt discount.
        label: Debt Instrument, Unamortized Discount
        terseLabel: Debt discount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r95
      r96
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of debt issuance costs that were incurred during a noncash or partial noncash transaction.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs Incurred During Noncash or Partial Noncash Transaction
        terseLabel: Offering costs, accrued not yet paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r98
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for deferral and amortization of significant deferred charges.
        label: Deferred Charges, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Deferred Offering Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r334
      r337
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Federal, State and Local, Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r365
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Debt issuance costs
        terseLabel: Debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r101
      r334
      r337
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total deferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r19
      r324
      r405
      r415
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross
        negatedTotalLabel: Total gross deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r171
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Specific incremental costs directly attributable to a proposed or actual offering of securities which are deferred at the end of the reporting period.
        label: Deferred Offering Costs
        terseLabel: Stock offering costs
        verboseLabel: Deferred offering costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredOfferingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r334
      r337
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetInterestCarryforward: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible interest carryforward.
        label: Deferred Tax Asset, Interest Carryforward
        terseLabel: Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetInterestCarryforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Intangibles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross
        totalLabel: Total gross deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax Assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
      r331
      r332
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventory reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r327
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
      r331
      r332
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss (NOL)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
      r331
      r332
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
      r331
      r332
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r326
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance
        terseLabel: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
      r331
      r332
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount
        terseLabel: Matching contribution
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r144
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of net revenues by platform and channel
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r304
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensation
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.
        label: Domestic Tax Authority [Member]
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net (loss) income per share available to common stockholders:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r112
      r118
      r119
      r120
      r121
      r125
      r411
      r426
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        terseLabel: Basic (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements.  Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.  Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted
        terseLabel: Net loss per share available to common stockholders\u2014basic and diluted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r112
      r118
      r119
      r120
      r121
      r125
      r411
      r426
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        terseLabel: Diluted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r122
      r123
      r124
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings (Loss) Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholders
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation expense, period of recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Excluding Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An Employee Stock Purchase Plan is a tax-efficient means by which employees of a corporation can purchase the corporation's stock.
        label: Employee Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Employee Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right, subject to vesting and other restrictions, to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Options to purchase common stock
        verboseLabel: Employee Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services.
        label: Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Manufacturing equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r219
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (income) related to adjustment to fair value of warrant liability.
        label: Fair Value Adjustment of Warrants
        terseLabel: Change in preferred and common stock warrant liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
      r347
      r348
      r357
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about asset and liability measured at fair value on recurring and nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about input and valuation technique used to measure fair value and change in valuation approach and technique for each separate class of asset and liability measured on recurring and nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of input and valuation technique used to measure fair value and change in valuation approach and technique for each separate class of asset and liability measured on recurring and nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of fair value valuation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
      r347
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity, if any, by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
        label: Fair Value, Assets Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of financial instruments measured at fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r248
      r251
      r347
      r387
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
      r347
      r350
      r351
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by measurement frequency.
        label: Measurement Frequency [Axis]
        terseLabel: Measurement Frequency [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r248
      r251
      r347
      r388
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member]
        terseLabel: Level 1
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel1Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r248
      r251
      r347
      r389
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member]
        terseLabel: Level 2
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel2Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r248
      r251
      r347
      r390
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 [Member]
        terseLabel: Level 3
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel3Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Fair Value, Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation, Calculation [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation, Calculation [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfChangesInFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
      r357
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of liabilities using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances, separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized), segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets), and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases, sales, issues, and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example, transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.
        label: Fair Value, Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of changes in fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementFrequencyDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement frequency.
        label: Measurement Frequency [Domain]
        terseLabel: Measurement Frequency [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementFrequencyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets, liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
        label: Fair Value Measurement, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instrument classified as a liability out of level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Liability, Transfers out of Level 3
        negatedTerseLabel: Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital in connection with the IPO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfChangesInFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r353
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income from liability measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3).
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Liability, Gain (Loss) Included in Earnings
        negatedLabel: Change in fair value of warrant liability
        terseLabel: Remeasurement of warrant liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfChangesInFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of issuances of financial instrument classified as a liability measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Liability, Issuances
        terseLabel: Fair value of warrants issued during the period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfChangesInFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial instrument classified as a liability measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Liability Value
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfChangesInFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Frequent fair value measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, fair value adjustment for impairment of asset, liability or equity, frequently measured at fair value.
        label: Fair Value, Recurring [Member]
        terseLabel: Recurring
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiscalPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r341
      r342
      r343
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date, the length of the fiscal period, any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries, or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists, the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted, along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
        label: Fiscal Period, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fiscal Year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiscalPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include, but are not limited to, desks, chairs, tables, and bookcases.
        label: Furniture and Fixtures [Member]
        terseLabel: Furniture and fixtures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r175
      r180
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment, Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property
        negatedTerseLabel: Loss on sale of fixed assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r136
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that a specified dollar value on the balance sheet or income statement in the period from one or more specified geographic areas is to a corresponding consolidated, segment, or product line amount. Risk is the materially adverse effects of economic decline or antagonistic political actions resulting in loss of assets, sales volume, labor supply, or source of materials and supplies in a US state or a specified country, continent, or region such as EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa).
        label: Geographic Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Geographic Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeographicConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GranteeStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r256
      r258
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of recipient to whom award is granted.
        label: Grantee Status [Axis]
        terseLabel: Grantee Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GranteeStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GranteeStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of recipient to whom award is granted.
        label: Grantee Status [Domain]
        terseLabel: Grantee Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GranteeStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        totalLabel: Gross profit (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IPOMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: First sale of stock by a private company to the public.
        label: IPO [Member]
        terseLabel: IPO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IPOMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r174
      r179
      r437
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale).
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Held-for-use
        terseLabel: Impairment write-off of long-lived assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r172
      r182
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
      r112
      r403
      r409
      r427
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Loss before taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r145
      r338
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Income tax expense
        totalLabel: Provision for income tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r98
      r313
      r314
      r322
      r323
      r328
      r339
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
      r315
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311
      r315
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations, attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in tax rates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r315
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: U.S. income tax at federal statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation, attributable to nondeductible expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Amount
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r315
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Amount
        terseLabel: State income tax, net of federal benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Research, Amount
        negatedTerseLabel: Research and development credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Income Taxes Paid, Net
        terseLabel: Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedTerseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedTerseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net change in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in noncurrent operating liabilities classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Liabilities
        terseLabel: Long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Temporary Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r244
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis]
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain]
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62
      r143
      r362
      r365
      r412
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        negatedTerseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r217
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense for debt.
        label: Interest Expense, Debt
        terseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r344
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r86
      r93
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryCurrentTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about inventory expected to be sold or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Current [Table]
        terseLabel: Inventory, Current [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryCurrentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Inventories
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r169
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Inventory [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Inventory [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r55
      r165
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventory
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7
      r56
      r98
      r127
      r166
      r168
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r33
      r169
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregated amount of unprocessed materials to be used in manufacturing or production process and supplies that will be consumed. This amount is net of valuation reserves and adjustments.
        label: Inventory, Raw Materials and Supplies, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Raw materials and packaging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
      r169
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials, labor and factory overhead costs, which require further materials, labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods, and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
        label: Inventory, Work in Process, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Work in process
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r167
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments, including, but not limited to, physical deterioration, obsolescence, or changes in price levels.
        label: Inventory Write-down
        terseLabel: Inventory write-down
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: Operating Leases, Rent Expense
        terseLabel: Rent expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseAndRentalExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.
        label: Leasehold Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Leasehold improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discount rate used by lessee to determine present value of finance lease payments.
        label: Lessee, Finance Lease, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeaseDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.
        label: Lessee, Leases [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
      r407
      r421
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities, convertible preferred stock and stockholders\u2019 equity (deficit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities, Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial and nonfinancial obligations.
        label: Financial and Nonfinancial Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
      r10
      r11
      r16
      r17
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent
        totalLabel: Total long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Long-term liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeeAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the fee for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Commitment Fee Amount
        terseLabel: Commitment fee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeeAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example, borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets), but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Current Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Current borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee, expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility, for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Unused Capacity, Commitment Fee Percentage
        terseLabel: Commitment fee percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars.
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of pending, threatened, or settled litigation.
        label: Litigation Status [Axis]
        terseLabel: Litigation Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LitigationStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of pending, threatened, or settled litigation.
        label: Litigation Status [Domain]
        terseLabel: Litigation Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r215
      r406
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        totalLabel: Total debt outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Short-term borrowings under revolving credit line and bank term loan
        verboseLabel: Less: current portion of long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r209
      r210
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Long-term Line of Credit, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Revolving credit line
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermLineOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r406
      r418
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer, excluding current portion.
        label: Loans Payable to Bank, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Long-term portion of bank term loan, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermLoansFromBank
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period covered by the long-term purchase commitment, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Period
        terseLabel: Purchase agreement, term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
      r197
      r198
      r200
      r201
      r202
      r204
      r206
      r207
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses the specific components (such as the nature, name, and date) of the loss contingency and gives an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, or states that a reasonable estimate cannot be made. Excludes environmental contingencies, warranties and unconditional purchase obligations.
        label: Loss Contingencies [Table]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
      r199
      r203
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The value (monetary amount) of the award the plaintiff seeks in the legal matter.
        label: Loss Contingency, Damages Sought, Value
        terseLabel: Damages sought
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of defendants named in a legal action.
        label: Loss Contingency, Number of Defendants
        terseLabel: Number of defendants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using agreed upon price for exchange of underlying asset.
        label: Measurement Input, Exercise Price [Member]
        terseLabel: Fair value of underlying shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using expected dividend rate to be paid to holder of share per year.
        label: Measurement Input, Expected Dividend Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Dividend yield
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using rate at which price of security will increase (decrease) for given set of returns.
        label: Measurement Input, Price Volatility [Member]
        terseLabel: Volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using interest rate on instrument with zero risk of financial loss.
        label: Measurement Input, Risk Free Interest Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of measurement input used to determine value of asset and liability.
        label: Measurement Input Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Measurement Input Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input used to determine value of asset and liability.
        label: Measurement Input Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Measurement Input Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MediumTermNotesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt instruments with maturities ranging from five to ten years.
        label: Medium-term Notes [Member]
        terseLabel: Promissory Note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MediumTermNotesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders, partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest, Ownership Percentage by Noncontrolling Owners
        terseLabel: Ownership percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NatureOfOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
      r142
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business, major products or services, principal markets including location, and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination, including but not limited to, assets, revenues, or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations, disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.
        label: Nature of Operations [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Introduction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Introduction
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flows from financing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flows used in investing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r87
      r90
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flows from operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r60
      r64
      r90
      r123
      r410
      r425
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net loss available to common stockholders
        totalLabel: Net loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Recently Adopted and New Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonUsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Countries excluding the United States of America (US).
        label: Non-US [Member]
        terseLabel: International
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonUsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Noncash Investing and Financing Items [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Non-cash investing and financing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        totalLabel: Total other expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other expense, net:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the changes in outstanding nonvested restricted stock shares.
        label: Nonvested Restricted Stock Shares Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of restricted stock activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedParties: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r379
      r424
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an unclassified balance sheet, amounts due from parties associated with the reporting entity as evidenced by a written promise to pay.
        label: Notes Receivable, Related Parties
        terseLabel: Promissory note receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NotesReceivableRelatedParties
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
        label: Number of Operating Segments
        terseLabel: Number of operating segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfOperatingSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.
        label: Number of Reportable Segments
        terseLabel: Number of reportable segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingExpenses: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Operating Expenses
        totalLabel: Total operating expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingExpenses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        totalLabel: Loss from operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating lease expense. Excludes sublease income.
        label: Operating Lease, Expense
        terseLabel: Operating lease, expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r373
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Operating right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Operating Leased Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Operating Leased Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
        totalLabel: Total operating lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r368
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r344
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other expense.
        label: Other Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: Other expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Expenses [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other (expense) income:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLoansPayableLongTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term loans classified as other, payable after one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Loans Payable, Long-term, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Equipment loan, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLoansPayableLongTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense or loss included in net income that result in no cash flow, classified as other.
        label: Other Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Non-cash expenses related to convertible note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNoncashExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        terseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r184
      r188
      r192
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Other Restructuring Costs
        terseLabel: Legal and other restructuring costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherRestructuringCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Right given to the underwriter to sell additional shares over the initial allotment.
        label: Over-Allotment Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Over-allotment option
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OverAllotmentOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock
        negatedTerseLabel: Payment for repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
        label: Payments of Debt Issuance Costs
        negatedTerseLabel: Debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for cost incurred directly with the issuance of an equity security.
        label: Payments of Stock Issuance Costs
        negatedTerseLabel: Payments of deferred offering costs
        terseLabel: Deferred offering costs, incurred and paid
        verboseLabel: Payments of deferred offering costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Purchases of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Risk of loss associated with the outcome of pending litigation against the entity, for example, but not limited to, litigation in arbitration or within the trial process.
        label: Pending Litigation [Member]
        terseLabel: Pending Litigation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PendingLitigationMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r250
      r252
      r253
      r254
      r255
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity, and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets, liabilities and expenses are measured, including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Employee Benefit Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.
        label: Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Preferred Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share\u2014500,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r37
      r38
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security, typically the entity's common stock, at the option of the issuer or the holder.
        label: Proceeds from Convertible Debt
        terseLabel: Proceeds from convertible note issuance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance Initial Public Offering
        terseLabel: Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the initial public offering, net of issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock
        terseLabel: Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the secondary public offering, net of issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 17.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from issuance of preferred stocks identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument, typically the entity's common stock.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock
        terseLabel: Proceeds from preferred stock offering, net of offering costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from amounts received from issuance of long-term debt that is wholly or partially secured by collateral. Excludes proceeds from tax exempt secured debt.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Secured Debt
        terseLabel: Proceeds from term loan borrowing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
      r289
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from issuance of shares under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes option exercised.
        label: Proceeds, Issuance of Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Excluding Option Exercised
        terseLabel: Proceeds from restricted stock exercise
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r105
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Proceeds from Lines of Credit
        terseLabel: Proceeds from revolving credit line
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentOfLoansToPurchaseCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash inflow from repayment of loans for purchasing common stock.
        label: Proceeds from Repayment of Loans to Purchase Common Stock
        terseLabel: Proceeds from payoff of notes receivable for restricted stock purchase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromRepaymentOfLoansToPurchaseCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of formerly productive land held for sale, anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, structures on it, and so forth.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property Held-for-sale
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of fixed assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
      r289
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Proceeds from exercise of stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
      r178
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, accounting policies and methodology, roll forwards, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, including composite depreciation, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, useful lives and method used, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Total property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r14
      r178
      r422
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        terseLabel: Property, plant, and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
      r98
      r178
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r178
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of property, plant, and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r176
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Estimated useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligation: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from a supplier.
        label: Purchase Obligation
        terseLabel: Aggregate purchase commitment
        totalLabel: Purchase commitments, total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueAfterFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due after Fifth Year
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueAfterFifthYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due in Fifth Year
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInFifthYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInFourthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due in Fourth Year
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInFourthYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due in Second Year
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInThirdYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due in Third Year
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInThirdYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationFiscalYearMaturityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Purchase Obligation, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Purchase Commitments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationFiscalYearMaturityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnaudited
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationsOfTemporaryToPermanentEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
      r345
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the carrying amount of a financial instrument subject to a registration payment arrangement recorded as temporary equity prior to adoption of FSP EITF 00-19-2 and the carrying amount reclassified to permanent equity upon the adoption of FSP EITF 00-19-2. Recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings. Does not apply to registration payment arrangements that are no longer outstanding upon adoption of FSP EITF 00-19-2.
        label: Reclassifications of Temporary to Permanent Equity
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible preferred stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationsOfTemporaryToPermanentEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners, management, and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
        label: Related Party [Domain]
        terseLabel: Related Party [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r249
      r380
      r382
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party transaction.
        label: Related Party Transaction [Axis]
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Transaction between related party.
        label: Related Party Transaction [Domain]
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized resulting from transactions (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party.
        label: Related Party Transaction, Expenses from Transactions with Related Party
        terseLabel: Consulting fees, related party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identify the stated interest rate per the agreement, for example, leasing and debt arrangements between related parties.
        label: Related Party Transaction, Rate
        terseLabel: Fixed interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r249
      r380
      r382
      r391
      r392
      r393
      r394
      r395
      r396
      r397
      r398
      r399
      r400
      r401
      r402
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include, but not limited to, affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners, management, and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
        label: Related Party [Axis]
        terseLabel: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
      r105
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Repayments of Lines of Credit
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayments on revolving credit line
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity, if longer).
        label: Repayments of Long-term Capital Lease Obligations
        negatedTerseLabel: Payments of capital lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to repay long-term debt that is wholly or partially secured by collateral. Excludes repayments of tax exempt secured debt.
        label: Repayments of Secured Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment on term loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfUnsecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to repay long-term debt that is not secured by collateral. Excludes repayments of tax exempt unsecured debt.
        label: Repayments of Unsecured Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment of Missouri Note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfUnsecuredDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
      r440
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
        label: Research and Development Expense
        terseLabel: Research and development expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption in which the reported facts about research and development expense have been included.
        label: Research and Development Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: Research and Development Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
        label: Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Research and Development
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Research tax credit carryforwards arising from certain qualifying expenditures incurred to develop new products and processes.
        label: Research Tax Credit Carryforward [Member]
        terseLabel: Research and development tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash, after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Units
        verboseLabel: Restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities, include facts and circumstances leading to the plan, the expected plan completion date, the major types of costs associated with the plan activities, total expected costs, the accrual balance at the end of the period, and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restructuring
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Restructuring
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r184
      r188
      r192
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Charges
        terseLabel: Restructuring expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after cash payment, of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan and expenses resulting from the write-down of assets. Excludes expenses related to a business combination, a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Costs and Asset Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Restructuring loss on write-off of fixed assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r185
      r190
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.
        label: Restructuring Reserve
        terseLabel: Accrued unpaid liabilities, contract termination
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of restructuring charges, remediation cost, and asset impairment loss.
        label: Restructuring, Settlement and Impairment Provisions
        terseLabel: Restructuring charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r233
      r420
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Accumulated deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
      r238
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax
        terseLabel: Net revenues
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r245
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleOfDebtBalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash received on stock transaction after deduction of issuance costs.
        label: Sale of Stock, Consideration Received on Transaction
        terseLabel: Proceeds from IPO, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sale of the entity's stock, including, but not limited to, initial public offering (IPO) and private placement.
        label: Sale of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Sale of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction.
        label: Sale of Stock, Number of Shares Issued in Transaction
        terseLabel: Sale of stock, number of shares issued in transaction (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction.
        label: Sale of Stock, Price Per Share
        terseLabel: Sale of stock, price per share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockPricePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with customer in which good or service is transferred directly to consumer.
        label: Sales Channel, Directly to Consumer [Member]
        terseLabel: Retail
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with customer in which good or service is transferred through intermediary.
        label: Sales Channel, Through Intermediary [Member]
        terseLabel: Restaurant and Foodservice
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfNetRevenuesByPlatformAndChannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
        terseLabel: Revenue Benchmark
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by Antidilutive Securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of long-lived, depreciable assets that are subject to a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization and are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Examples may include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Schedule of Capital Leased Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Capital Leased Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLeasesAndPurchaseCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of components of income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r104
      r226
      r230
      r231
      r232
      r363
      r364
      r366
      r414
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of debt balances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r327
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of basic and diluted net loss per common share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7
      r34
      r35
      r36
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of major classes of inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
      r178
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of quarterly financial data
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r186
      r187
      r191
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs, such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of fair value assumptions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of RSU activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r103
      r220
      r223
      r224
      r226
      r227
      r228
      r230
      r231
      r232
      r233
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule detailing information related to equity by class of stock. Class of stock includes common, convertible, and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. It also includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity.
        label: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfStockByClassTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
      r336
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.
        label: Segment Reporting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Segment Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
      r164
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsOfOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]
        terseLabel: SG&amp;A Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r305
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling, general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series A preferred stock or outstanding series A preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series A
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesAPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series B preferred stock or outstanding series B preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series B Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series B
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesBPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series C preferred stock or outstanding series C preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series C Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series C
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesCPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series D preferred stock or outstanding series D preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series D Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series D
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesDPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series E preferred stock or outstanding series E preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series E Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series E
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesEPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series F preferred stock or outstanding series F preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series F Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series F
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesFPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series G preferred stock or outstanding series G preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series G Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series G
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesGPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series H preferred stock or outstanding series H preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series H Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series H
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesHPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Cancelled/Forfeited (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Restricted stock price (in dollars per share)
        verboseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Granted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance (in shares)
        terseLabel: Shares issued, unvested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number of Shares of Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Ending balance (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Beginning balance (in dollars per share)
        verboseLabel: Fair value per share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life, Unvested (Years)
        verboseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Vested (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share, Vested (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
        terseLabel: Dividend yield
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Shares authorized for issuance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant
        terseLabel: Shares available for grant
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
        terseLabel: Number of Stock Options, Vested and exercisable (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price, Vested and exercisable (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Exercised
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r272
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For presentations that combine terminations, the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
        verboseLabel: Stock options granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance (in shares)
        terseLabel: Stock options outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number of Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of number, weighted-average exercise price or conversion ratio, aggregate intrinsic value, and weighted-average remaining contractual term for outstanding and exercisable options that are fully vested and expected to vest. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding and Exercisable [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of stock option activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Number
        terseLabel: Number of Stock Options, Vested and expected to vest (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average exercise price, at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance, for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price, Vested and expected to vest (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Issued in Period
        terseLabel: Shares issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r259
      r264
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfRestrictedStockAndRsuActivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercised (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Granted (in dollars per share)
        verboseLabel: Exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: First portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche One [Member]
        terseLabel: First Anniversary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Three [Member]
        terseLabel: Immediately
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Second portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r261
      r265
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementEmployeeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r258
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Recipient, of award granted under share-based payment arrangement, over whom grantor exercises or has right to exercise sufficient control to establish employer-employee relationship based on law of pertinent jurisdiction. Includes, but is not limited to, nonemployee director treated as employee when acting as member of board of directors, if elected by grantor's shareholders or appointed to board position to be filled by shareholder election when existing term expires.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Employee [Member]
        terseLabel: Employee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedPaymentArrangementEmployeeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementNonemployeeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r256
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Recipient, of award granted under share-based payment arrangement, over whom grantor does not exercise nor has right to exercise sufficient control to establish employer-employee relationship based on law of pertinent jurisdiction. Excludes nonemployee director treated as employee when acting as member of board of directors, if elected by grantor's shareholders or appointed to board position to be filled by shareholder election when existing term expires.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonemployee [Member]
        terseLabel: Nonemployee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedPaymentArrangementNonemployeeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company.
        label: Share Price
        terseLabel: Share price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of vesting of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Rights, Percentage
        terseLabel: Vesting percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
      r300
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term
        terseLabel: Average expected term (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value, vested and exercisable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, vested and exercisable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, vested and expected to vest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Selling stockholders sold (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Packing and transport of product.
        label: Shipping and Handling [Member]
        terseLabel: Shipping and Handling
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShippingAndHandlingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchased software applications and internally developed software for sale, licensing or long-term internal use.
        label: Software and Software Development Costs [Member]
        terseLabel: Software
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r22
      r23
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r225
      r226
      r233
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible preferred stock (in shares)
        verboseLabel: Number of common stock shares converted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
      r233
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of shares issued during the period, including shares forfeited, as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Restricted Stock Award, Gross
        terseLabel: Grant of restricted stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r23
      r225
      r233
      r270
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        negatedLabel: Exercised (in shares)
        terseLabel: Exercise of common stock options (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r225
      r233
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible preferred stock
        verboseLabel: Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r23
      r225
      r233
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Restricted Stock Award, Gross
        terseLabel: Grant of restricted stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r225
      r233
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Exercise of common stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r23
      r225
      r233
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares
        negatedTerseLabel: Re-purchase of common stock (in shares)
        terseLabel: Re-purchase of common stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r23
      r225
      r233
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
        negatedTerseLabel: Re-purchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r27
      r28
      r159
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        totalLabel: Total stockholders\u2019 equity (deficit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity (deficit):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStock
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ratio applied to the conversion of stock split, for example but not limited to, one share converted to two or two shares converted to one.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note, Stock Split, Conversion Ratio
        terseLabel: Stock split, conversion ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure, which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Table]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesLitigationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r386
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Different names of stock transactions and the different attributes of each transaction.
        label: Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee, Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table]
        terseLabel: Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee, Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of sale of the entity's stock.
        label: Sale of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Sale of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Subsidiary, Sale of Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Subsidiary, Sale of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by specific tax credit related to an unused tax credit.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name of the tax credit carryforward.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A listing of tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income including descriptions, amounts, expiration dates, limitations on use and the related deferred tax assets and valuation allowances.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Table]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, attributable to parent, of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Carrying Amount, Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
      r221
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share amount of par value or stated value of stock classified as temporary equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable.
        label: Temporary Equity, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock, par value (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of securities classified as temporary equity that are permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been sold (or granted) to the entity's shareholders. Securities issued include securities outstanding and securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquitySharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Shares Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance (in shares)
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitAndConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of new stock classified as temporary equity issued during the period.
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Value, New Issues
        terseLabel: Issuance of Series G preferred stock, net of issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfConvertiblePreferredStockAndStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
      r154
      r155
      r156
      r158
      r160
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. As part of the Codification process, the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards, FASB Interpretations, FASB Staff Positions, Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses, other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies, or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period, references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
      r318
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
        periodEndLabel: Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year
        periodStartLabel: Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        negatedTerseLabel: Increases/Decreases related to prior year positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r320
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Increases related to current year positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r132
      r133
      r134
      r139
      r140
      r141
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Management\u2019s Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset.
        label: Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Increase (Decrease), Amount
        terseLabel: Increase in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VehiclesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used primarily for road transportation.
        label: Vehicles [Member]
        terseLabel: Vehicles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VehiclesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Axis]
        terseLabel: Vesting [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Domain]
        terseLabel: Vesting [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Security that gives the holder the right to purchase shares of stock in accordance with the terms of the instrument, usually upon payment of a specified amount.
        label: Warrant [Member]
        terseLabel: Preferred stock warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of outstanding derivative securities that permit the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specified price.
        label: Warrants and Rights Outstanding
        terseLabel: Stock warrant liability
        verboseLabel: Right to purchase capital stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/BalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFinancialInstrumentsMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of input used to measure outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur.
        label: Warrants and Rights Outstanding, Measurement Input
        terseLabel: Measurement input
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Warrants and Rights Outstanding, Term
        terseLabel: Expected term (in years)
        verboseLabel: Expected term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfFairValueValuationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of dilutive potential common shares or units used in the calculation of the diluted per-share or per-unit computation.
        label: Weighted Average Number Diluted Shares Outstanding Adjustment
        terseLabel: Dilutive effect of stock equivalents resulting from stock options, RSUs, common stock warrants, preferred stock warrants and convertible preferred stock (as converted) (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117
      r121
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        totalLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding\u2014diluted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS).
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted
        terseLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding\u2014basic and diluted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r121
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding\u2014basic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedNetLossPerCommonShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 7
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(25))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(i))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(26))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22658-107794
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22663-107794
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e4975-111524
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953423-111524
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5212-111524
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5093-111524
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.BB)
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(23))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.A)
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011391&loc=d3e105025-122735
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77912953&loc=d3e400-110220
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2420-110228
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2921-110230
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175745
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14394-108349
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14453-108349
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14472-108349
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12021-110248
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12053-110248
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68068213&loc=d3e12565-110249
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=d3e1314-112600
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=d3e1336-112600
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109126253&loc=d3e4875-112606
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109126253&loc=d3e4724-112606
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109262497&loc=d3e20148-110875
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (CFRR 211.02)
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65888546&loc=d3e21300-112643
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21553-112644
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21484-112644
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21488-112644
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 4.C)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6784392&loc=d3e188667-122775
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)(1)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 705
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122478
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (n)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6412939&loc=d3e15145-114933
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 60
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66047640&loc=d3e39622-114963
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 70
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=d3e29149-114947
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=SL116886442-113899
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4549-113899
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79507997-165333
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79507997-165333
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508013-165333
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508013-165333
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508029-165333
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508029-165333
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508043-165333
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508043-165333
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508057-165333
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116863282&loc=SL79508057-165333
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 730
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32059-109318
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32123-109318
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(5))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 217
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117331294&loc=d3e36027-109320
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=d3e5291-111683
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02(b))
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03(b))
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90193-114008
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)(1)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)(2)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19279-110258
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=SL6742756-110258
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (Note 3)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164758&loc=d3e45023-112735
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164817&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164817&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119364159&loc=SL77916155-209984
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918638-209977
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918666-209980
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314020-165662
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118948506&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 33
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 33
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 35A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 35A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Subparagraph: e
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.3)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 450
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491354&loc=d3e6049-115624
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 450
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491354&loc=d3e6052-115624
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873921&loc=SL114875236-224282
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-23
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1-
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 15
   Subsection: d-1
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Regulation S-K (SK)
   Number: 229
   Paragraph: (a)
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 303
   Subparagraph: (5)
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r449: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 11
   Subsection: 03
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r450: {
   Footnote: 2
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 28
  }
  r451: {
   Footnote: 4
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 28
  }
  r452: {
   Footnote: 4
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 29
  }
  r453: {
   Name: Securities Act
   Number: 7A
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: B
   Subsection: 2
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19,20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.28,29)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(8))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.3)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.8)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (27)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(24))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4304-108586
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4313-108586
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4332-108586
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx





H=0<7X#'DE;31IF8!$6(E.--=)$U-3'$]Z:!1\^8YMAU@V
MZ+&C!*(4P-0\

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F

$)G$.X[QND(;NQ(X\F=87Z9H.XR2.-)WJ&

M8NZ&CS2^]#'KC*+




MNIV








6Z['1KDK0F#39%=O]?+D8

+W


9[JJAW_GSV]


5R
MT=3'67.Z6X=B6!1P9_M@/@T_CK$;_];/MNU_?5NF?I&\#?U
DOPDP0L)7BM6






E5%XW)1<^Y A9CG$*&]S*Q*^N 2
M9?^V




FPR=#;)



@R^&\Q;




MJ$
B32@I64J 2S8Z@\NV[$<@;F^!HB*
!





M





M3]O_=7EKW5-T]W(H*EMW15

MPR:

M#OUY$^HP.-AC?BW[K\WM5SLG)
-@SOYW^V%+!Q^8N!C[INS&O\'^VO5--7MQ
M5*K\^W0MZO%ZF_U_FM$&;#9@=P-(?FK 9P/^PT#\U$#
!@(91%

MUVUS]II>R_Y



M

M4B.%0H(60$P_HM-X;3!GS\T#)8.-RU30.@4QSH%OKJX0R+PUTE&X9C1&G=2
ML=CKI::*2U80B6P(H%OLQXAX10(DS8ARR=:5JI@) J_#F5SB%RBR\=Y'

T26+-FD'D





M1Q&7X7B7F;GO..25!5TL!Q;PN54DFLLK23*PJPDIRWSP++8;K_WB6ZD #]



M!9J

F

UQICC7/1*NS*



MF 08*D!#3U.$XCC



ROA1R@40Z@F5]S

2



6G%9!J 5(#!;T%=Q&LLDK=<2TJ-JE.\?RB\T34M^D




&Z!4*O
YP\\7
MH-0NJW^$^ 4 VV.*4




]BO21']#1LPJ0G-1
M54K(6EZ M_\?#_R\@%I_S ,_CZXWG'R\@)$_1'%^-#S
AHB:W#PS:355Q!O




J
M_M*\E&6[^GK8'YN[]4O;GFZVV^;AI3P4S8?J5!Z[OSQ5]:%HNX_U\[8YU67Q

73W?JCOLE]U#<8


M][^6;^6^D_=.NFL\5/MF^'_U\-JTU6&


MYGT&
J-

M;(N@WPCX9?

BE0FLRV&D

M7\W?B=\$^DV 7\O\)N(BO$N9E$1\XDM)8

MF%T@






M
1V


M



EQ:S




ZB:&[@


5!F]



YMGG$GRMQ(%_@/-U







M08H6K]

O9-1+-

M#W\HO-TFR#8)LD20_;?$K9B[OY*P54\UV#9-DR
5#B9-\LJ[#.P#3V_R.WR:

O





&=!_:6QS=YQ^G_8<P


#K
M].\+V'&MQLH+


Y9RX
Z8#FQ38 CKQIU=J
-LYU!\9LT8 6]@H[:/U-A48+
MYTU3


PM6PM








M;'U3VV[;

M42605HQO-O=




MX+]U9XL6FUE*J:%UTK3$0I71^\WQM OQ

&H'[+T348/E)10B5[Y



_2N('U#N2-95IR12KU/52:MTZK3M

;/F9




M 0  T@
;8^G)



-6S




X4
2MNBI
M EO':7*D
+V.D[SPS@-[%Q^1_0T?I_U!V+K5CER


ML-F04/EP_(1G.X[9:'C333^(S=\X_P-02P







\G2J;B



C=<^^ PCD
M12OC]J%T!\9\U4'6O@;VX/!F\8Z+0*:KF6^=R#J!-**\2Q[P[20AI9Y\IU=


J\EO\MR=HU$<\QIBN&KF-T2P9!]
M2<&W4ISX7W^#=]O*MPG^/XWA?_(?]@D.2PW]+W(KY4R5;]52#:]



05HSO=F^8%M+0
D^^LRUS'+R2

DVB(A::@


]MY3


?HE@@7U)P;=2











MPV$W_2 V?^/\'5!+ P04      (BG-0@':V 0 #  $#0  &0   'AL+W=O


2YX;6R-5]%NFS 4_17$!PQLAP2J)%+3:=JD3:HZ


XO5BGGDK'F3Q*]^IXRI



^#2Z(Q3[_X%) 7)^SV



?_-MC*

+EH'_M 0

M)G@7O-596!O3'0G110VZ3O906MOKE()9NQ1541WECI28(3NMGLB6!-&^:I




M



%=EY@MRR1;E8E8IA/BHQ1
MDQ@1HL3#+/%3?:HR1X1V*U,,,PGSW5 30Z(P'YE@F$.N$FFB2(0+(RP3#W


MS# 4$YIGVP
X\J*DMB7MG1N.C-FZ!\7M#0Z@_4V+1G'G3=
Q.QC@300IR;(D


M:8[)-C'I&L$\^YHBVTMQROZ#9_OP?%=A'N'Y%GZ;[!




M$/T5RQ\0LX:TT0J0LHFB5FJE5:JVSUX8P(J-J6V6].\[-H2@E!?;
S[GS
7C


W9-0@MF-.
MX1O

#

MS:MM 1QYTZJS.6V=ZX^





QR!L
MU5
PLN:#S+QO[7R,Z\*GL;OP(
MM?Z#+8:VH7CG3^;:<PFPV$__RV?./B#U!+ P04      (BG-0N<2/Q^$!



PY
X/'Z2CD
MBVH -'KEK%
9;K3N3X2HH@%.U9WHH3

MTR&3D
O\D6J:IU*






MS



M3I
CE1ETG.25=QG8QR2^R5_X-.U?N6V%=N1J/+YL[']CC =



MJL=UN.)$%5UP*EZ$

9J41DE-M0MD2-4J@M2-Q1L(@2 FG_8#+W.4NLLS%
M3;-^@(M$ZL8YE;_/P



MOEJ$/HMS^ \]]-

$%     @ (IS4$7/8O# 0  -P0  !D   !X

MDT9F%(+J7T?@:BIQBJ^)%];UUB=(50RT@Z]@OPTG[2*RJC1
@#1
2:2A+?%3


OY&S\7#3Q6M(3
MM_NK^H?0N^OE3 T\*_Z#-;8O\2-&#;1TY/9%31]AZ2?':&G^
UR .[AWXFK4




YX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+
M'Q#O IN-5H4356U4BNM4K5]]L( 5GRAMEG2O^_8$$I37FS/^)PS%X_ST=@7


M\5_@!A+A(1.
41GIXDJJP7FC9A5



M7Q 



MX0=;# F-#\

W






MJ+=9=#9D8)


8Z0H1HI@&(_P
M
D4P2!0Z:IF@.!

A#CY0P0H





MQ=31-8J3C
(=+[TX=RBVJYHE4V17O?DN1QVOV A_4O-MCMJ;JQ+NY.IH


$%     @

M_Z%-N*

H=XM5
MNMXNLO5@D]Y?#/\2KV;!E@85XN]%^K(]^GU03N5'EOTJ/WRXNQ@F943I
KW-
MRR'FQ8_G]$VZ7)8C%7'\6P\Z//@L#8]_WX_^KII\
9D?\VWZ)EO^L[C+'RZ&

I/!QFRVWU;^#VZ=MGJWJ48I0


MT





;V.H
V.X
X%@NEE1.A^
I!


1AUDJY'V1GAD51XE(L;6TF/63J@


$=LV2V2



0WR#Z$KJY&FO8HW1\?-7@!
^F/@9_A3A;')\V=*
G9$) V1,U)C
M&9FP/63
C)A$6_C'%KZ;*)8R-(RJ]0R_+: WYK9
G#7,=QUZ#%EM#&_=92[1DD3
MF#D[AKL.<3=^YPB&&%T#
$=:

(^&.H8\#].$N8#Q#']^#/IZACP?T
M(1-&(

Y8KCC 2T



M7$]#I@#2]MJ-9X3!(V%@MH_ $/H(0R!$8: .!_U)M]J$+B9Y5[L8M0A('4(
ML3=P]]WNC=&1 +97KH\/C(Z$'MMK8@=T








M$NTWZ 7-?*]7_P

M/H . 21Q6KI$KO(O3+-U)D7KR6[S&V;?

MBR7J
=L.0V\P;XC L \I*)9B2S^%4SP\0BN
7'C\KL(1@A@EB!U!](X@P@EF
M*
$





M-U)3

PV/(=

C=ZTKP[





:)P([ +B;@:NU
)IA=T2CD9G#'WH^\':?=ETP8N0ZKAB

$%

;2=L_[Z^$$38
MDRU];:9,\P,'#MYQ\6++E5WFO-&KGQ2Z7:-4+R4-*:R 5O::/OG+BHB=)3

M8V7/^8N9?#EN_









M:&5E=#
V+GAM;(V777.B


@;!*U







MO

@:%]


MY?S
U5D<:4?BX-7G@H9[QI1EGK$]YF7
8U+^:#2?Y)=
M=9R[PG5V<A^?T^J[NGR3W8HZW2CW\@WF6J\CD3WL55IV?PZVW-9J:QST:%D


MOQ$6


M8IQ0LXQM*O2);\3U9%




8\QA9_L!^(8




QM45P$.PR2H
M:=GXBYE=VXK%C)]4539L*SQYJFLJ_JQ8Q2]S'_EO\_EL5!F(5C
6GIDWYGZ



7JT._7F)37\8K:]
W[9]XYVF:_K?J#B6
MC?1V7.GN8WO$@7/%M


M:&5E=#
Y+GAM;(U6T8Z;

M=\Z4-5C(+;MXO&




MTY()A!&([SI5D?(XBA8.4)F(A1'EB:90!DRVXN+
562[%A831RE)L9$I
ME+3D@D




MRZ)JYN'.F/UC%#6KG2JSYD'O567O;'1=9L9VZVW4[&N5K;N@LHB $!&565Z%
MBUDW]EPO9OI@BKQ2SW70'
HRJ_\\J4*?YB$-SP
O^79GVH%H
=MG6_5=F1_[
MY]KVHDN6=5ZJJLEU%=1J
P\_T



ET0ZED!Z 1)!M!U
MM4G*QMY!4((DGA=


M$6YBBKB84T\*W'I4W$*;CXJIX@BW36+DF0LBHM*$OPP9U
72MSZ=
$]Q]-

1W[
2 NP^F[
4#Z&;+



M?6W#LA#/1NE+?.'




M6;48/
@'A%H]OX(#!VQPDXX'A^P=A%),H9L7 C!%81@8E&EB :$) D@@D(
M2$ L 1DJF* ;IUI
:C&5Q60H3
(PO$G8Q9$)1@YNX^(BE(UP(^$Q*#QVA

MW AO

O

M7 3A-BX.3^Y8-P&%3P#K$I@ A? ''SYN'OJD9J '[.M HWP)Y!\ 1!@R$ !&


M;)66T8Z;
!!%?P7QW@4#)B0B2 U5U4JM%&W5]ME)G( 6
+6=L/W[VH9%!$\V
MZ4NPS9WK
T
8DW:

M4]DQ]J(G7P]KU]=$M*)[J2V(NEQH3JM*.RF./X.I.^ZI Z?C-_?/)GF5S(X(

MX*)0:O+:7\O&7+O^3IP
87! 





M'/TGY5BHKX=Q4M&CU
.%&O/^.TGDK7#YX$W?J-D_P!02P,$%     @ (IS















M
+$_,%A9(CYRF%4B+GA,#K$?$MHG^\)[?.#PT3]/4YHGTES%.*T5GDYY;K



MVO%1.Q*UL9&:WU,CM5\DH9


J8UE7 !UI8B?2Y0O +GL]
M4B:IF$D-*%#8FK*$2PWPN%T\@YLR#D6(X








(P*D-AR
M) :SC 4DMCU(; &);0*)+VPJB;^E(

MU.+H9J\'XRU@O&48'Z\O+CB0!].^!22VE






13;1 9:#P/M



M;/).=C_$*A?-15=[5'@():V*

I3DEC&+'8$RY3*4YI;U6.Y4FHN\
M
&L9H4DKT:
Z

M1[E?&:7R\852Y 5E7&5YGZJC3*F




;*QDN9(2;]^^DJRXEG@HTOD17W*&/!P-OW!D+TY%


V-7RH



F


$FR%) ,704 T?CRHA]'0'AE*,$
M.DK M1 CBB7&1./M92HDHX8MX\OZS12*1*@F2/A(Q!*091(2P6P$*

M6HC%+/\MF#_T&

M@%9N9$BZ


4-A&0*SD$4W5#&&%P/T
M
JO8I)*1%%



*C:/





5KQ2X


#@]







M(HQ+
7\BC$\Q%P@34LP[A(DIYCW :)%B/B,3#$?$4:EF$\5-E\B.9DO/B-,
MYHLO)/YXJK$9!8/@93

MT


ML\TU1#@E5



AV4H2N5$E7

JQ:TGYQ6M?CZ


&1T6%LZ
\(^K/-?G

(9$G-K@D%:U QYO7IE0:$*1&'50!3
MJPBU:DMMGBB5N6^5ZZ_]UB6ZF(/[X@)22+3A FUZ7&0)A0@T?;G
7.=?E

CPLQII04=I!6 RVGE
&1T6%LZ
T*8
MNB1


H2HP@%&T*+IJ*.O#2@
MLO-]D9<N!:+T]=AG;1K<[@HK9
T.FA7NE*$9DU-76K*2C&$&/(S%0!;;6&9

DXMDPF94'=@A+*

M!+ T@%/#23*T*!GFMXFV/'H$D3DZ$LM(JG5@A.)_$[QH)\OD((Q*QA=U4@




(4G3.'1:9?*
M5P\PA8\^*[K? I@7VI$8]X1//+I%R/O
?-DZ OSY%LDWV2@CQA'0]8A]U0

.Q:PQ-*\67F+C+F&0 YGW'&.02Q+4'(R0-R


M0 !%19ZISL/!8_9VC@74%L[Q;*5*\]H[U_'I%,CU!0 -06V/*R3JT,9$PA3
MA(ISD3, *LY%SA$HD-*A'

[$$XDA!


$**7!O!&*SIMU\0D036S/2
'Z^$2'
ED*UJ G
WY)NUX[M;W2OE?0^KS<OBS










MB&Z$Q)Q65XHYFQV6.

MSH%)U8=
MS@Q)D%9])_4VR_5A3










 6E0'R$S3/P!:!!A*! E)DS5/
M28]H3R
 1C0M 2
$

M8B 4=&HXR-.K@&]6P'0K=*H#!_E6@.\NP+07^IZ7LI!O]_%%'I@JCYZ51K[*

M( 4=G71?JY648(PG%E^^D2G?DKZ;H/N;0NH8A/3][N/+*;J_*K2D16.$IG4;




L]*_E(Y]:THTNK/AN?BOG*1^S[P+3M?9#/@KY?7]
S_Y?*_



M#WAA\&P(F%32VM.A?3B1#@HZH*T#
EJ5'80@@Y*X(H
)9UUV%8BRE;3 !3
M
) 9
T$KEC%@6*$HFDAF!/)$]%6)LC5UD\?R%23@(9\03@SPQD#*3)[9Y
M&)W(6@*R) !+8K D=M9H$@34V*4V;(2%
E'P[+)EP



T71P27



:&&?M['!&LEYC8U8@F^CN&







7L'6_OWZ+_
A7$80*W;<
M^3W DVLAK3FL71/B!
]P$3%$$\2S3# 1(8(!D).\Y%:E1IMLL*D'FUQB
MC!1BI !C9F&

M#&MAK7('0WAJ-8
8
X A+(R9@^&!H!@S
 8@B4W!V

M#\+#
X)T?R0&.(ZDL(/#
\\2(TQH$@ GLW&$FT]FR\]D=$O;#XDO:2P.!-0A
MM=5A
GJ7-

M8#/+W*
;C/G




NGY1A-8#@20
M ^G900C

8N&2&&0+F.[TA.AF&UJI9C]L\=M@H\]UU^_F;D:OQPB/





))O4;&9EDV[OW)IQJTSV5*ZR=8Y/


'R_TUF08(LH&!Q\[LFS.K9$;6V?K^I@^^.+V
MROZ@\M#U*MH+;4Z;.Q.-$!H
97QGA+?FE9@#!HVVTY69R^FN3($6@W\&\/P6
ME1]02P




LIS

ME@ ID

[;I/


2#Z





M5?*&*.NBXG5;B-II^&;J/I*'C 1:T!%_%_S8GKT[NBOO0OS2A=?UU/6U(U[R

PL;(8



R*)GXHZI.^8+901D


M/
-5O6!6
Y11

AI(+

; :GHKPTN;H.#KGUT+
C*J
M=T5T&_(1JV#(%@8Z;R8&LWJ)


L)?#S@%!?TBBZ8/OQD,
4V\GH;62!(K-YTVZ&
M(#/WMFYL^+-MKMAM<Y*'&JI3PYGM<


M:Z@WW(5G_P-02P
$%     @ (IS4/(%]Z^; @  B0D  !D   !X;]W;W)K


M:V_B)&@!4^



;)$HA$[;5UP\[B(2C2-

Z+N)H+P[\W.AO\OI)3 EE


F S 9C
&J
F




MY.9

M+?OIXI/



M1.U)OIW[=W#[0

/




M6!)'/ [CD0D7








#M

M\W/?.\()7XA\9L



=$
$TX(I-2G%)$K116MZ-%]@OT:D:;N



=F%9/W8







!QI\2PH$0OA'PIP0\
S2O68V&(:BXEF&4IF6\Q&$ (4ZB&7[!(99A&6I&[KD=-Z

-]/9<Z;9EF\N)<T6U3?@CV*I













MS F,!;WR\59?!WPLHMX
-[Y
.YXBL'OYTKR(4=



J?@PN=ZSDLH'7K-*O]ER45*EIV(7R%HPNK%)91&@
(R#DN:5/YO8V).8

3OG)UD;^R94EXX?S63;YNI'QI%K&!K92BH?AS9
R/S^Q?;/&ZF!<JV9(7?_*-VD_]U/<V;$L/A7KFIZ^L
M+2CRO;;Z[^S(@TW2O0::UY(^^NM#U+QLF714DKZUCSSRCY/+?\YS9V V@34
M)33F7$W ;0)^3R ?)I V@0P2@J84Z\V**CJ;'[R1//WUM1\1?!(M/MK$[1F


G8+A2[3(G07:_71ZMV5XAV$MJ%\GDP





,\E)K4$!9ZW
V'5,^&]P!B+AJA+I45#]:]3G+B@K5&1I;3X=6R;3K?#N!*'AF8G
M!(803 0_^B\A-(3P5D)D-&MA-@0XBL&K/KS=QA@?.



MZHRM O'M05=6@94E:'QUJ#;
RFZ26$V2CW=SERQVTX_E=GIVG]3JDUI\DJNO


M K8J=;9VSS6Q99LZ@'Q CL_^^QV!3.#M5\&Y _W=.:GI[I;NGVO=S]M7\I
;8KM?E=O.KGBZZWY3-PMM:H$#



M@3CV[P1
(V!^=C?MA&P'Y6P#4[K,:2.0?E; -P+^LP)9(Y!]5B T N&S

:UN

M'7TMY/7E -)N2Y9(:
49?

&6
OF9PQ#B;WZN3
MKQN\D(C2EOO(\+5B#AK
F)!9#^MM0@5
M4O#U4%*IUPY7A*1LHA.P:RPIHYP=TXDI=/S63HN#$DI;U*@<D)%56#7C(P8

5-IZ!I%Q0'JBAI*QU


#\S?E#$8MHQ)^0QG?(8S


*(

M$-N].C/KPL-U%4?+IH3X&$;J-]#%4;!\64-I@ # D5LV)P
8%
@-4R9A!N
M;Q



W=#*4;&6<[Z:7.EIZ&8HT,[ &[#?0Y5QB<CM@5(:5XI#KPA*(4KB4
MQUR76#$

4Z69@#MI7I/C66(D
&'5N3^-I266XJX^8*@SW
8%T
MAKUJ GW!;'5*('P2D!
&U]V



M%O#I!

SGS

P9%S-6W (7C#.)\6V%6DNO19%F

MFWS%]P(&!(N43R[^85N=Z]:8L7



&PO<VAA


M+^NJWF9[^+.^^;[9U7FV:F[S?+_=?)\.A]/OMUE1_N%/?VR*/_UQ_Z?+ZBZO


%NT??\KJ093



P1['%WM8?5154=T









BU*&LO.? &7P)QB8
Q#5N^CMV_?1O?X 'RS0@*2KSJS
MLD^$[5RC]-6VQ[M-M=6A@4QV*Z IN



(:G\&

(%;N+'G@/I;&+T&207N6 .:]PM...[
M:G.'EVY9YZLQP'JA



M#0K5&J28LPW\T=GI1V#;6;UD07\%

)!CF8U?#%;

M\)A5[HC4\T&DGLNPU/
.% (R77S

M?:57.4A

MNF\_]D8+P\*


08G683^B3W_,EYNL::P+(\3J<(E9
MKQXG*X!=B5$6S:5DU\5GV19=]5




M48O
2RS0%U!.I=Y]FA I4XCW&7O8U\575$:7IL+9]'X[J_WC]RDI?L100X

M7'3AI03=+




MV^



?HISS;QQ@&. #H@_Z[



M)D9/4B9QZ]KU7 X:C6



W






?OR)QA5D!NK(-]F
B&WD/)-#]%N@:;9G&I._S4OE<!H(&B+VK[&L




MQ!'9)3*@GF :1 32CEK')R;Q_$*!]VL4H :X.VJ.;'#DK*I][SNL5:TH
M/UG330
;54X96H[&BS/\U6GKV*QKDUG/]WG@44R'D%G0;+-5F\GH9:%+0FF[
MVXJM'FB(!:7[!]3^UP?

MJ%AH1D-;&
%WVE(7.4$!




$@IZ86LJTQM@#LL]9H7K^@&/
M-W@%4?81_^AMU0%^
(3F80 U\HL9K)[)@Z!X.HH\Y.A1R5&ZVL'.

)KJZ6
8<-HD(?CZ88P7%M-C8;WMACD/X0


M],FKUCP$1*)GR65\#B/.!$CN=$AIQ
 30 ]:) _VL5L-'I1;DE;15WVUF/



M*

GZ#[T!L:PL6:B][J]3HO




?73


F5#_8H'


.LX!KYX

%B_F#5) %(DDSASX$4AL*$4Z5C!X9!-(LAY$
MKUU*Q&$H&GS\2PYB5G?]3D.JW1'^EZ856'OD=X*/%$6UI.49IPC$ (MSBF

Y3XNJ$!Y)WA \^]$%3'I-[T^^E1#M1/;


S61$EUGFNUH=F[X5:&?\N




M6//:)

M+*F#M

M]7B
2PGP


W)
X@2%==)^DF@%M*V:S
M LB^\O2F)@CGW()# (.E&W4 MD#,;PFF; @0;M8FN.I2)!O]4;Y)&_J()J




MZQ/)I
X02U
IG
QN'I%I#4MI)A7GR;(:1S)CMO23.HVYT7* :@D:)O/SYH#Q
M706'2C#E9&

MM




MH__SROHF6
 6]5_?EJ@&I

 $/RFDU';9\14@

MOYQ?+6\K]






MZKEG
'*A!03QTHI?2%PR&6I\MH7#4%.UE3F1LUCI4+#]WO=5OSP;!CZ@6
MXN$F*U#UVF3WS:'0R-E6,1+Q$A?88TQT^H*-'[@T2@S)*-3S4+-[]UH:HG8


M'



IH7Y'SFC#GFJ@?5;*=@PQ*H7!&R GW+W(/@^

M(]? T%8Q!QHV V_@1=Q2?BW[6PJM^&F6W9AE
^GFE;G(I@OX5.V*930=3FVR
M

MLK7M;8V-SF@'V1'=7;&V2OGWSOI






];O*\T;)=J2MCVF*DCS _+IT6D4@%=XE5+!!=%<L6]BQ

MY]'9(IZ.Y_AA$B?)%#ZXJX+)TL4
1IKA_+-X



MOMWIO&H[!4A%J%?2XA66]SLOZ_P)RY*


K_] +&XG)A$4XKI+9&13L\WJ\9TW .Q2
9/V*R


?3.3KF!8#6B/JJ^89*[S979H.()
WF%4
MDM'SE0EB[4



P;XB4J-*I9N=6).]Y?)J8X
N:3Z%V2R:RF*/;=D




MD%OO



J87EFZ5TYD:F^].F%9TLU$XPKS\A:%





M6*6P0&]9F
J-V@$Y89]KK3!CGW4!8$NV^WO@45UQT];-#*4E.0E(E)@4M^.+
M @TB-*3=37]R//2F#)NWJ%:1=;^M Q^.O3NMUR5*0RKFV4R_8'Y/JR*YBJ=
MO$(#P/U%


*1[I ^53'7





484^V9:H5I

MQ)M*OO




'Z+@3'C]3ORBP2ZK;%&M,=-)/!ECR/JS9(Z1PR-FO%A6
M= Q/M;FGIQNXJT/G=BK

M5-NQPAL
PY=Y7=XB&MS!0M[EP)MJ?-LE(_RF3TQP*R S(F+YI 0#CJ.KAV:?
M;Z

MJ.N*ZA#N0$J(U+_-JG!\E?M;08(S;$]/QN3)XLD(LS2P+:NK^#L?7+:KUR



M



]4-P$+-!\(


M1 K5N*PZ6JLB^3ZPF&#[(R;)7.?#-)FSYKGV?J2YS%&P2()NRXDX5D!Z0:N
MTL'*36_'JV\D8L'FA_NKX)M3U2
 @E_T!RH ?4%)3OM!58QR+VJ(Q_JJJP.











M1%[]6*%6]#PZ]:9WC\SR.
'C/@U/I#)]?;2?8860Q4B*BHR2\2F]M.?PQBB:



EV:+OC#R-3

E&9

AC:SZFV.--EHJF.[AN

MC%=2SLRIX'2H@-%S?Y0_0R*[_8'/!?;!%SSS(JNWYW9=+#F3H[/]AHPPS5

M


5+)Z1$





M11PT@H(;X0@Y#A1/PN5++UNB##8Q@P;E*JE%@BA3Z#KRB1(]#KN&5$RB2N
BXFYG:C9X<7R&M.6_I/[8@(OPT3QQ3(

M!I=Y6F'8D@!1:===5]XL)-#PF)O&9C.E75--OS&H*+L*4

M+9^DN)MLXX

GA7JKHQ0.GV7X6ACC5A\D5.B4D!H6R].8
MA&AV/G7EYBF)QR0R
PO(
TD=&!
FF8 X(UZ+\N

M%=3PB
)Z2=4@
0&P7?[(UC@[;6M59_=H@\Z9X%9^+A:PYB)G%5J,*PH!="
M+0(';TSD-+?LX9(HQ+(JKL-IDVA',V=!Z43_Z%@[B+J33 \,+A1G3 M#%K(Q
MA8[L@G ]L;N@0%2ZRW6;%0+JW






M08DW%.2KC8@ HJD 6*
VU%PO-WX:81HJ9(.=VFV'?K;*F_RC:Z.-P@49
*
M#6R5-;F_ :&;%6Z?

790E2\'CAF%9\GS%1=M_Q'JS
M4FOABBU
2





M;9^H%\W:+L3FSL40_K

M@;*
$W[Y6V?&U+OI8MR]5R^/+:/?M F2V

MC;J+??UMBQT-IG-WL3WWJ%L'TVY#CZS7HA0V7??8I9OPMA\U13/6?(OI^;.V


KK;





?3.093
M3D)24N?I.8@HTW@ZFG:?O@P]/4LP9CWI/OTJM)+9
(G'XT5(! H\/9]B-M&\
M^_2;[M/8+Q7&GP?6'= 3T8(&&YW$:1)XX9\[+QPYZ6[A1
P-L+V4:O%3EUY
M8H*%B.PI2:U?::'&EM(D:*Z,*J22!!+6P-EXY@$==N*AQ!RC5Z=SEH3XGN


X*^UQH I



M1WIF^G4)J+6 &
#
U[:S7NA^F+JOL2F^IP%*7%HF



MA0Y+:0.7SZ.C6EC_T
&EF_ ;G(!JMV.A!(0/US.VP@6G#) _WMRCITH2;KO:

Z:8$XV(1CSU\[-1 :P/0J=$5.&TN


=PB49$Z[ JTUGMT5
M?39M(SEWP(1,9\DIX%D-AT,QSY($.$2U$334X%B!SD1*)Q$986WT+IQ(3U4
M;S:/YVDOYAS=\'P\P*I[[@HK6T+7\(+@JIVZC\'3F\Z=NJB=91TCP)I-]?5Y
M-)_%B]GX1,CS;L* ?V1;3CM/SE(.;',TCM/%A-?R.:=6D-&6[I-X@0NWF(V
M9=MEC
4UTX7B?B=2!T5D%%%81/95&\\$E8PQ)&-



M9D5ZNE%N=YHO?15CB$FGZ^B

*,.^K40
M%Z<'9;\)GI2MP,&XSI7LBL'%+:F.'Z!)9W8Z+-YZ#CX8YN9'T06TPU-X6WN
M[U_P\KT(VK&%C(/T#RIK06;6D9YG=RUR2=:,4I$XKWCXX791U]=JQ6JZ8W

M#PW]CCG;VKJ+]*W&NNE-!ZU )S33!


V:0MTFVD^7B\9%RS!
J!O;18.A']CLM
M+MM74H5/26%0PT_!2?QJ11;?C<YIA$T;1AIK0U[<+\%''8^BBQF(\%1Z.@;
MJ4 =*A)PCG9J]PR!1[WXW/ [)(R/T47I'D;?]8L&L\#Y1#\V2EAN
%YNHH
/[,)/+/.1J< 2+FPX5QG[S%'G=E ^SY%](6B69SI+GV%W<AD5U

P\%\%

]HGL;C&5;


MQ+




:-=X  FN3B]7?OR:=-'Z*0!EMR2\I!MGVHYK

M\XV

1UQUC<
MJ=(A2^052*TYM_AA1_ U5E5-^\7::GLJ:N=5BS#RPH$22CM
I'\#8;9224B+


1^GQB9[7E4/XOU)\=J[

M_S SJ .(;U?NNJE4IVIZB



!Q.OX



M2CB&*;.HZ3UNZ173T;3.!D-C;Q#F9_)?T1J-;KR8&V_=X:U7MN6=(MA]T0



:&[L9PKH\5C+A'XWK]#_\S':4_(#\WM8;D1R.#MPK@4T K

MG


KZK /-





(A 1]%)4 =5/6''P

MW&]AP-BTG([NZV(O^*[&%Q\M






MHZ5LLU6



M? 1WQ188$E'#:&*R
]Y\NAM)B+(
'#GA@_

MJ+^Q/_OVR:YH5QI3\F@5Z]3*3BL&GX 6&)-+A[P\O7[.'I-:TO:[A8)JW[


 _'E98/#
MR()(AO6ZYG8H!]=WLV

MZQ.OH?L


MW$FX_KD6I)%GF$6+QRWQC0;':3=?1+;I@K7U]*&( I@$*_*$3EDO30(L16




Y=][492V]].YMV
MQ]($-HG@HEAH_GE//U

\\P5SK

M/

/0MKG
MJT =[B5P#GJ@.?X*P8Y-:C[

MU+$XG:3PW_%PUH_::3P;CB- )M.)QA1I'L_A2PT
E^0Z+ $]M#C*&)C--T
M+J'[-^@=#@)^


MS/U9M P S

Z]\+2^0X UHMC!CIAVE%@C8D7


M*X)LD




MO

3E;E$ &@A16TK_-LZX]UM$1_M;H9*8W.K2AJ*=*=1(IQNE+9+0!VX
M.[3&I


DSSADP3VOMDW0E<D!ZNLU29E2
5C

M% CV7GLKY


&I/A

:


8/:!!3H+53%_%#5'





MN;9V'9G'#&7:Q 7G57.ATR&[G7U

M[HK2&-**4HWG&CC57:-=B\6*MO.5''/&SV2


 81J-52

M;:FEL1TK4-


M7

=LRF#+ ?2)ZBS^Q$2!U0RL&]Z*0 8:
M




2R*!]AF-09
M)5-@ZM]A1?DA_K


DA%-
M




F:JQ0

M-I)LR[^2'USS9#%8B9W-S O-6XQUWVL\K5&#P
!I24LMDED6I2M$N-^O%S


MB:FHT)K@Q(B=O$'IENM&C@6.WN*O7


?*

R3G)2@%%FQ)1:UN&_&!^D0. H'=D;&50F=V SUQ
,F&_ D6,<9-6!W;_+<<64YZY04\- 
RHZ//




_5
'.&0U(N%+__
83 -
;
3H$)]
J:9VJJS^1NGH.


1D##
@'E7J .J[VT+%D<$*W\#Z')BD]F



M6G


M!(^S =KE
Y&?-U]4 






#*K/]H_/[4&N!PK/*EZ#@Y


M





M:_$3FDC6T:I!4YI42=#=NAHQ


M@:\A%[5IG\).M$

M*:C-EFD3EIYDS@VKSIQQ]B/
S8XR265#?'6>;S\)DG+6IFVH++Q


M99P)?
::^773:MW&=XQ$P1G@ :+=4&/4BH$&#$4R9_[K1G0M@XMY!U+03E
Y
M';
?Q^[S5*J#!=;($B4FLVQ$(_1#[/:@.B
5R



SA\B;2'.S2
M3I+%D);-6ZN$,H(R$(6L4LD&X*M/V^6M@\<(Q\S10EEN\8_KHK6MKE ?:0T



M]Z
Z3+.V7:E_VM
VN$*AY2)6R-_9FX*[




HIWH[ _/
-TK?9T=CX8_]Q!Y&_
MOTLG[.K!5(8GT^%!6NU:LWN


M691Z#

MPFVZM-IP_*SLXF.05_D\?S(





MX$3I$-443#&EV2#*8B+3]PE1:F2N+Q_:+8_ZE\HFL&1(@EJ)K@O$D1?8D+

3Q;1 L^CV13YBF:2H0F8Z7MYP?+0Z'5(J'O*JC1&IZ96\^E)?
MI5RO=TZ1W[4RMF!BD9TC2SB#;?W\AZ?TZT6.=(9EC3Z+4EL0P0]F1(CFI
<-^S!=^\6 <HL5;*UG
M!1KJ'N+  +S)4=9YGNZ[1C_APE-1X63UU'N^%8?01U-ADT]6\ R+8%YB20D8
3TVKX]%D0[X3]^DN(8V)B
MN;SVX3]\ZTW!F: E;&,K:(DNZQU')P4D'Y8:!=$#5!)2,]FEUYI:<N9B$K3
MAM8E@T$EK M*M)$[7(T[STC_B'C1KRDV&7C%)B/8J]96ANNT?BK^:0/@8)EP

]UM&\.TAI6+


M2'F&)2&$'%W6*PJS@HOZONT CRCWH+/'[QE]\U^P7P3#4QEX


#;5;!IO-]B'<+

!QC;D-IPZ%VA3KDBB7:8W@GM=30(N%KIE







+OF7E4AYJ;;1+7
M93;%%




MMDB-/(-JKH=/BM&L7(R0?*-&VM%QGU[.X8U1
2V'\WEN?I!0=XC
.?-A\8*-
MC6IGJ


M=#;M!M/ES RH:5:.9TCP-!J6DWK6M=/3@%WI8(5V.;\$^TW1_]D
D $225='

M
#7MOV'EPG7W)LLEE0\[*D^'$TK-[N/II1I)0
T;?I/CD@MLVI]:C1TK%'
MV&LIOX
(6CB@7P7!O;@(Z





M'SX3FL#7L


A()9MT\KG!?(DHH'U&FN!E<6GSZX.7A5

MPK2N$Q'[D%9V

W6E

1=\Z
M!4
M_\[L
;\I_.MD/)Z7EX)H29(/K

MRP+[











 D(II

'2$J\@I*$;&0S@+#E8C
U67-/EC*E

$H%6B[+=&#@$IG.:0]C+^


#Y2)C7B.%

M37KR\[NW3]G6/YV.Z XKIW#=O5F#JOMI1:X56(.@4\!-/ISEEVI=SD!'@
7Q

 6UF6_:3^1520T\**TC4(EA !9D
M@35=O0F]Z5V!%0NHK9Z/\K794&Q]^-?$^IE
RC&T&IHS%;=*JM$GIKBGJ3ND

M;J_+

M:ZX&];DD0!.A@G&G2T8R)Z0*!F(S%GM#9NA1&Z2-HC4P#K5:)MB: WXT )
M0DU

NUVB
*7# 0EQ



;SW$
M9Z8S$*51L5G %$_IEWDYGBT80U R?&!4
789%-(96=]A74P*4@0GJ$=-H8 :

./T8A_
M3 93_#&F[_(AVYJM#[(5B$=P

MQ3\9=/$

:4U_1D@BZZZ@F%;:V:DF,'03C/18C$&RQX E#G#R
MV(2NL'HQAF[-BPD*^6-H)_P]'V.K1SA!Y0@4&=[2,30W1IV#](9QQPME$.0

4YI76$]% HB!#ZB%--9;\PG)]#X&5YS)S
Q8)S

MJ )R'IW
1O(71;K

QIQ

MB6_H$]_4)]S86FUEW%QZ8#QFQHW&:6M2;J2_M+',T2 (&.A#A:N2BY#^I:



MPQ7B\\HU'AGJ]I\&Q5#0PN(HSH=B.$U_=[Z_V('0N=P^E$1M2?EL))7]QUO
M]GISW]SN_G?TUM+$497I .).#9ARB(\ .QH!46R*$
AG0-\3E!ID(#B?LT



M!YX)Q'EYQA]1Z;H#A2 W%%:%R#P3*!T]VC?//!
H-EWM456HLSW==:7&:]=\

.9#1V\&NEE_S;[$@(-E6AU[CLV)W!S)V*0<G.=A(<8BVMW-@$+'N
M9G]QC\G)BI/?\X@M/8


MC@Y* O$
 M/;CU2#Z?R'_%)JI[7U:=^K
!HS+;C VW[S1.+A^W?PO;W
XH2$



X&PV$TGJ

) Y(!&6W)



_$1QW#S'RWY7(
:$O&IM=EOO

4^5:7%')HRUOHT Z[J
M:O

1


]/;NC=:9KZW.;C
GEKH\7IBW)
4


/B^Y]_MW)9I^*?T*CV(_12]UOGM =2L0Z8Y

M?:FT



T&1]



CFJMN :\E2NT6)^



M
N=LH^KC)NX])'Z2])IU.^W*XQ2+@I;O)?!L'GZ2FZB*?H#.WQG]@7=?$0



=?*$TJ=;R:$I%
M4PJHBF6H(AW\99+MN1N4U]5^ZJ?#J]4XT(Y-D K635GL!6DRUZ&1IJP$E)=
M@9PEP

;L-VX



\NA




M\L#/9/_FY
.AFS+#_'
M[:KLACAB_?8\XLH<J4O'=*OJ!:IR^-/I







OE[1+SJ7;(

M@F@S9&@XCABMON0UCQBUWLPNR?'K0^.2
*9W\JO$SW?PJT2+(.96B397]WL)
M I


M%L67

DHY4Q'?H]$%MEB4<^37JLD3TD_C1#/Y':X8\F$V@7




M.)!A01*%ZS.[QE/\6+#GAV96FYX&.%UKEM!ON[:*8/ NN1$4@H;06.H76$
M?HZ4PI+?ZT$]N7:^H'&GJ]RK35:.6-KV 'J&\ZR4+(&


C)[/@UFA;@!$1.


M57::-



*-S03E1.:@4[_8XO4CS;E^-^DW%HL!8/?#%-Q@GCO=


M/K=!O#9_$D:]7
I*W.JJ[X1RVS@:T?J[*]O(E4V8XIV8)C=Z+0R;\4?!=JT]

-LV 5V!T!7'I+O1:NU?$T!@
R.6(H L



M23$QI


;HB)Z:8X586S?51#3$PW!;5N
M

RXTS'=%


?VQ7PHO2KV M
M^[:]@7V?U$?-AW]X^6OL_B[WYG]02P








FGX=_63.#.Y?V8+I]QGOKM



M69:J(6

I0T44VR8/E?%4

M.8JJ'(55CN(J1X&5H\@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HLDH4

4      (BG-0'R// \     3 @
MP              @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      (BG-0










M971S+W-H965T.YX;6Q02P$% 

  !D              ( !*S   'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$% 

T


  !D



  !D              ( !





M:&5E='





M 0  T@





M+W-H965T






BV
9@(  )\)   9

S



U+GAM;%!+ 0(4


(6RMR  P







M965T
&PO=V]R:W-H



  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      (BG-093X[O8D%


M4

814

O



  .P1   9                5RC  !X;]W;W)K

4      (BG-0K@1?/] !  7!   &0              @ %ZJP



BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      (
@@ @  ! 8  !D              ( !3+H  'AL+W=O


M  !X;]W;W)K


M970U.YX;6Q02P$% 
4      (BG-0D19Q9P,   -!@  &0





 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockWarrantLiabilityPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_PrepaidExpensesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_PaymentstoAcquirePropertyPlantandEquipmentHeldforsale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_PaymentsforSecurityDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ProceedsFromEquipmentLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentOfLoansToPurchaseCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfUnsecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_CashPaidAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_IssuanceofConvertiblePreferredStockWarrantsinConnectionwithDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_AssetUnderConstructionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'

