

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001655210-21-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210301
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001655210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				264087597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38879
		FILM NUMBER:		21698002
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		119 STANDARD STREET
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-756-4112
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		119 STANDARD STREET
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Savage River
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151008









g:a21f86cd-f7b3-496c-baef-ee93bd0d1822

Washington
 D.C. 20549
BEYOND MEAT
 INC.
(Address
 including zip code
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
As of June 26
 2020
 the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 based on the closing sales price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date
As of February&#160;26
 2021

940

 $0.0001 par value per share
Portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Item 10. Directors
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Item 15. Exhibits
This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve risks and uncertainties concerning the business
 products and financial results of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (including its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires
 &#8220;Beyond Meat
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;). We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current opinions
 expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 assumptions and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the operating results and financial condition of our business. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results
 and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at
 or by
 which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management&#8217;s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events
 and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include
the effects of the coronavirus (&#8220;COVID-19&#8221;) pandemic on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 including on our supply chain
 the demand for our products
 and
 in particular in our foodservice channel
 our product and channel mix
 the timing and level of retail purchasing
 our manufacturing facilities and operations
 our inventory levels
 our ability to expand and produce in new geographic markets or the timing of such expansion efforts
 the pace and success of new product introductions
 the timing of new foodservice launches
estimates of our expenses
 future revenues
 capital expenditures
the success of operations conducted by joint ventures
T Partnership
 LLC with PepsiCo
 Inc.
 where we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals
changes in the retail landscape
 including the timing and level of trade and promotion discounts
 our ability to grow market share and increase household penetration
 repeat buying rates and purchase frequency
variations in product selling prices and costs
our ability to successfully enter new geographic markets
 manage our international expansion and comply with any applicable laws and regulations
 including risks associated with doing business in foreign countries
 substantial investments in our manufacturing operations in China and the Netherlands
the effects of global outbreaks of pandemics or contagious diseases or fear of such outbreaks
the success of our marketing initiatives and the ability to grow brand awareness
 maintain
 protect and enhance our brand
our ability to attract
our ability to attract and retain our suppliers
 distributors
our ability to differentiate and continuously create innovative products
the volatility associated with ingredient
our ability to accurately predict consumer taste preferences
 trends and demand and successfully innovate
 introduce and commercialize new products and improve existing products
significant disruption in
the attraction
the impact of marketing campaigns aimed at generating negative publicity regarding our products
our indebtedness and ability to pay such indebtedness
our ability to meet our obligations under our campus headquarters lease
 the timing of occupancy and completion of the build-out of our space
changes in laws and government regulation affecting our business
 including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;) and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;) governmental regulation
 and state
new or pending legislation
 or changes in laws
 regulations or policies of governmental agencies or regulators
 both in the U.S. and abroad
 affecting plant-based meat
 the labeling or naming of our products
the financial condition of
 and our relationships with our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
our ability and the ability of our suppliers and co-manufacturers to comply with food safety
outcomes of legal or administrative proceedings
our
 our suppliers&#8217; and our co-manufacturers&#8217; ability to protect our proprietary technology
the risks discussed in Part I
 Item 1A
 &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; and elsewhere in this report
In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;will continue
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;will likely result
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; and variations of these terms and similar expressions
 or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties
This report also contains estimates and other statistical data obtained from independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry and ultimate consumers. The number of retail and foodservice outlets are derived from data through December 31
 2020. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations
All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements because of new information
 future events
 changes in assumptions or otherwise
 except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements
&#8220;Beyond Meat
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Burger
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Beef
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Sausage
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Breakfast Sausage
&#8221; &#8220;Beyond Meatball
&#8221; the Caped Steer Logo
 &#8220;Go Beyond
&#8221; &#8220;Eat What You Love&#8221; and &#8220;The&#160;Cookout Classic
&#8221; are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat
 Inc. in the United States and
 in some cases
 in certain other countries. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience
 the trademarks and trade names contained herein are referred to without the &#174; and&#160;&#8482;&#160;symbols
 but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert
 to the fullest extent under applicable law
Beyond Meat is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States
 offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build meat directly from plants
 an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste
 texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our plant-based meat products. Our brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; represents a strong belief that there is a better way to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make
 no matter how small
 can have a great impact on our personal health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat
 we can positively impact four growing global issues: human health
 climate change
 constraints on natural resources and animal welfare. The success of our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers
 including those who typically eat animal-based meats
To capture this broad market opportunity
 we have developed three core plant-based product platforms that align with the largest meat categories globally: beef
 pork and poultry. The primary components of animal-based meat&#8212;amino acids
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 trace minerals and water&#8212;are not exclusive to animals and are plentiful in plants. We create our plant-based products using proprietary scientific processes that determine the architecture of the animal-based meat we are seeking to replicate and then we assemble it using plant-derived amino acids
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 trace minerals and water. We are focused on continuously improving our products so that they are
 to the human sensory system
Our flagship product is the Beyond Burger
 the world&#8217;s first 100% plant-based burger merchandised in the meat case of grocery stores in the United States. The Beyond Burger is designed to look
 cook and taste like a traditional beef burger. We also sell a range of other plant-based meat products
 including Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Meatballs
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links
 Beyond Beef Crumbles and Beyond Italian Sausage Crumbles. All of our products are made from simple ingredients without GMOs
 bioengineered ingredients
 hormones
 antibiotics or cholesterol. With the exception of certain Beyond Beef Crumbles which are not certified Kosher
 all of our products are certified Kosher and Halal.  As of December&#160;31
 2020
 our products were available at approximately 122
000 retail and foodservice outlets in more than 80 countries worldwide
 across mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club
 convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 and various food-away-from-home channels
 including restaurants
 foodservice outlets and schools. To make plant-based meat accessible to more consumers
 in August 2020
 we launched an e-commerce site and began offering our products direct to consumers in bulk packs
 mixed product bundles
Research
 development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy
 and we believe they represent a critical competitive advantage for us. Through our Beyond Meat Rapid and Relentless Innovation Program
 our team of scientists and engineers focuses on making continuous improvements to our existing product formulations and developing new products across our plant-based beef
 pork and poultry platforms. Our state-of-the-art Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in El Segundo
 California brings together leading scientists from chemistry
 biology
 material science
Net revenues increased to $406.8&#160;million in 2020 from $297.9 million in 2019 and $87.9 million in 2018
 representing a 115% compound annual growth rate. We have generated losses since inception. Net loss in 2020
 2019 and 2018 was $52.8 million
 $12.4 million and $29.9&#160;million
 respectively
The COVID-19 pandemic has had
2020 as various regions around the world implemented stay-at-home orders
 social distancing measures and various restrictions on commercial operations
 resulting in the closure or limited operations of many of our foodservice customers. Such closures or scaled back operations have also resulted in delays in tests or launches of our products among our foodservice customers and negatively impacted the rate of our growth. We continue to partner with our quick service restaurant (&#8220;QSR&#8221;) and foodservice customers during this challenging environment by offering promotional programs to many of our foodservice partners to allow them to offer our products to consumers at reduced price points or on other promotional terms. For 2020
This decline in foodservice channel net revenues was fully offset by the increase in retail channel net revenues in 2020 as consumers shifted toward more at-home consumption. In response to this increase in retail demand
 we re-purposed and re-routed a portion of our foodservice inventory into retail SKUs and introduced Cookout Classic value packs. We also offered promotional and reduced pricing to certain of our retail customers and higher trade discounts to encourage greater consumer trial and adoption of our products. For 2020
The change in mix of our distribution channels has been significant since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic
 which is likely to continue to cause fluctuation in our quarterly results pending its duration
 magnitude and effects. It is challenging to estimate the extent of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations
 due to continued uncertainty regarding the duration
 magnitude and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (including any resurgences)
 impact of new COVID-19 variants
 rollout of the COVID-19 vaccines and the public&#8217;s willingness to receive them
 potential supply chain or manufacturing disruptions
 and the magnitude of reduced customer traffic at our foodservice customers
 or the extent to which this reduction may be offset by increased retail demand
We are a mission-driven business with long-standing core values. We strive to operate in an honest
 socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner and are committed to help solve the major health and global environmental issues which we believe are caused in part by an animal-based protein diet and existing industrial livestock production. We believe our authentic and long-standing commitment to these causes better positions us to build loyalty and trust with current consumers and helps attract new ones. Our corporate culture embodies these values and
 as a result
We employ a revolutionary and unique approach to create our products
 with a goal of delivering the same satisfying taste
 aroma and texture as the animal-based meats we seek to replicate. In our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 our scientists and engineers work to continuously improve our products to replicate the sensory experience of animal-based meat. Through our investment in innovation
 we continue to grow our product portfolio
 including Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties
 Cookout Classic value packs
 Beyond Meatballs and Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links
 which were introduced in 2020. In 2021
 we plan to introduce two new versions of the Beyond Burger in the U.S. designed to meet consumers&#8217; growing demand for plant-based proteins that deliver on both taste and nutrition
 while offering more choices for consumers. Each product is designed to not only closely replicate the taste and sensory experience of its animal protein equivalent
We start by analyzing the composition and design of relevant animal-based meats at the molecular and structural level. The primary components
 other than water
 comprising animal-based meats are amino acids
 lipids
 carbohydrates and trace minerals
sourced from plants. We use proteins primarily extracted from yellow peas
 as well as mung beans
 faba beans
 brown rice and other plant stock
 through a physical process to separate protein and fiber. We then apply heating
 cooling and pressure at rapid and varied intervals to weave the protein into a fibrous structure to create woven protein. Once we have the woven protein
 we then add the remaining ingredients
 such as water
 lipids
 carbohydrates
 flavor
 color
We operate approximately 90
000 square feet of production space in two facilities in Columbia
 Missouri where we produce our woven protein. This woven protein is then converted according to our formulas and specifications into a packaged product at our own facilities or by our network of co-manufacturers. Our proprietary blends of flavor systems and binding systems are also assembled in our facilities in Columbia
 Missouri and shipped to our other facilities or to our co-manufacturers. In the second quarter of 2020
 we acquired a manufacturing facility located in Enschede
 the Netherlands
 where we will produce our woven protein for shipment to local co-manufacturers
 with commercial trial runs expected to begin in the second quarter of 2021. In addition
 in 2020
 we commenced improvements
 with initial production expected to start in the first quarter of 2021
 at a leased facility in China where we will produce our woven protein and house end-to-end production. This capital efficient production model
 which relies primarily on co-manufacturers
Our breakthrough product innovations have enabled a paradigm shift in both marketing and target audience&#8212;tapping into the enthusiastic pull from mainstream consumers for delicious and satisfying
 yet better-for-you plant-based meats. This approach is summed up in our brand promise&#8212;&#8220;Eat What You Love.&#8221; When we launched our flagship Beyond Burger in 2016
 we approached the marketplace in an unprecedented way. Instead of marketing and merchandising the Beyond Burger to vegans and vegetarians
Reflecting the strength and value of the Beyond Meat brand to its partners
 many of our foodservice customers choose to prominently feature our brand name on their menu and within item descriptions
 in addition to displaying Beyond Meat branded signage throughout the venue. We believe that we have established our brand as one with &#8220;halo&#8221; benefits to our partners as evidenced by the speed of adoption by strategic partners. Our foodservice channel not only functions as a form of paid trial for our products
 helping to drive additional retail demand
Our mission is to create nutritious plant-based meats that taste delicious and deliver a consumer experience that is indistinguishable from that provided by animal-based meats. We believe our brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; encourages consumers to eat more
 not less
 of the traditional dishes they enjoy by using our products
 while feeling great about the health
Our brand awareness has been driven by strong social marketing. Consumers and the media are enthusiastic about the concept of authentically meaty tasting plant-based proteins. The viral nature of our marketing and brand-building has been enhanced by both the network of brand ambassadors we have developed throughout the United States and abroad
We launched the Go Beyond marketing campaign in February 2019
 which seeks to mobilize our ambassadors to help raise brand awareness and make our products aspirational. In 2020
 as part of this campaign
 brand anthem
 inviting consumers to see how over time through small changes
 such as what we put at the center of our plates
 there can be a meaningful collective impact on human health and the health of our planet. Additionally
 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
 in the second quarter of 2020 we undertook our Feed A Million+ campaign
 where we
 with the support of our brand ambassadors and other partners
 donated and distributed more than one million Beyond Burgers and nourishing meals at no cost to food banks
 healthcare workers
 frontline responders and communities in need across the country. We are focused on continuing to scale the Go Beyond campaign to new levels globally
 using celebrity activation to welcome consumers to the brand
We operate in the large and global meat industry
 which is comprised of fresh and packaged animal-based meats for human consumption. According to data from Fitch Solutions Macro Research
 the meat industry is the largest category in food and in 2017 generated estimated sales across retail and foodservice channels of approximately $270 billion in the United States and approximately $1.4 trillion globally. We believe our revenue growth will allow us to capture an increased share of the broader U.S. meat category
 supported by a number of key drivers
 including the authentic comparability and sensory experience of our products to their animal-based meat equivalents
 continued mainstream acceptance of our products with the traditional animal-based meat consumer
 heightened consumer awareness of the role that food and nutrition
 particularly plant-based foods
 play in long-term health and wellness
 and growing concerns related to the negative environmental and animal-welfare impacts of animal-based meat consumption. As a market leader in the plant-based meat category
We invest significant resources in our innovation capabilities to develop plant-based meat alternatives to popular animal-based meat products. Our innovation team
 comprised of over 170 scientists
 engineers
 researchers
 technicians and chefs
 as of December 31
 2020
 has delivered several unique plant-based meat breakthroughs
 as well as continuous improvements to existing products. We are able to leverage what we learn about taste
 texture
 aroma and appearance across our plant-based beef
 pork and poultry platforms and apply this knowledge to each of our product offerings. In our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 we have a strong pipeline of products in development
 and can more rapidly transition our research from benchtop to scaled production. As our knowledge and expertise deepens
 our pace of innovation is accelerating
 allowing for reduced time between new product launches. We expect this faster pace of product introductions and meaningful enhancements to existing products to continue as we innovate within our core plant-based platforms of beef
We believe our brand is uniquely positioned to capitalize on growing consumer interest in great-tasting
 nutritious
 convenient
 higher protein content and plant-based foods. We have also tapped into growing public awareness of major issues connected to animal protein
 including human health
 climate change
 resource conservation and animal welfare. Simply put
generated by our large following of celebrities
Growing sales of our products have helped us foster strong relationships in a relatively short period of time. We provide our retailers with exciting new products in the meat case
 where innovation rarely occurs. Many of our retail customers have experienced increasing levels of velocity of our products
 measured by units sold per month per store
Our foodservice customers are excited by the opportunity to differentiate their menu offering and attract new customers by partnering with Beyond Meat
 and are seeking new ways to further promote our product
 for example through mass media advertising campaigns inclusive of TV
 radio
We are led by a proven and experienced executive management team. Prior to founding Beyond Meat
 Ethan Brown
 our President and Chief Executive Officer
 spent over a decade in the clean energy industry working for hydrogen fuel cell leader
 Ballard Power Systems
 rising from an entry level manager to reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Brown&#8217;s significant experience in clean tech
 coupled with a natural appreciation for animal agriculture
 led him to start a plant-based food company. Our executive management team plays an integral role in Beyond Meat&#8217;s success by instilling a culture committed to innovation
 customer satisfaction and growth. Over time
 we have grown our executive management team with carefully selected individuals who possess substantial industry experience and share our core values. The other members of our executive management team have broad industry experience
 including at both consumer packaged goods companies and high growth businesses. We believe this blend of talent gives us tremendous insights and capabilities to create demand and fulfill it in a scalable
Subject to the ultimate duration
 magnitude and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
 we believe there is a significant opportunity over time to continue to expand Beyond Meat beyond our retail and foodservice footprint of approximately 122
000 outlets in more than 80 countries worldwide as of December 31
 2020 through distribution expansion
 continued innovation and commercialization of new products
 and increased penetration across channels. We believe increased distribution will lead to growing consumer awareness and demand for nutritious
 convenient and high protein plant-based foods
 We plan to continue to grow our sales within U.S. retail by focusing on increasing market share
 household penetration
 repeat buying rates and purchase frequency
 sales velocity and new product introductions. In March 2019
 we introduced Beyond Beef
 which is designed to have the meaty taste and texture and replicate the versatility of ground beef. In May 2019
 we began selling the Beyond Burger in retail stores across Canada. In June 2019
 we introduced the new Beyond Burger and Beyond Beef at retailers across the U.S. In March 2020
 we introduced Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties in classic and spicy flavors. In June 2020
 we introduced Cookout Classic
 our plant-based burger patties in value packs. In September 2020
 we introduced Beyond Meatballs. In October 2020
 we introduced Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links.  As of December 31
 2020
 our products were available in approximately 28
000 retail outlets in the United States and 34
 We plan to continue to expand our network of foodservice partners
 including large full service restaurant (&#8220;FSR&#8221;) and QSR customers in the United States and abroad
 with increased penetration across this channel reflecting a desire by the foodservice establishments to add plant-based products to their menus and to highlight these offerings. Through enhanced marketing efforts we intend to continue to build our brand
 amplify our value proposition around taste
 health and sustainability
 serve as a best-in-class partner to strategic and other QSR customers to support product development and category management
 and drive consumer adoption of our products. As of December 31
 2020
 our products were available in approximately 42
000 foodservice outlets in the United States and 18
 We believe there is significant demand for our products globally in retail and foodservice channels and expect to increase production and expand third-party partnerships in 2021 to increase the availability and speed with which we can get our products to customers internationally.  As of December 31
 2020
 our products were available in approximately 52
We are committed to prioritizing investment in our infrastructure and capabilities in order to support our strategic expansion plans. As a fast-growing company
 we are making significant investments in hiring the best people
 maximizing our supply chain capabilities
 investing in innovation
 sales and marketing
We continue to unlock additional capacity both domestically and internationally. In the second quarter of 2020
 we acquired our first manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede
 the Netherlands. This facility completed operational testing of dry blend production in late 2020 and is expected to begin commercial trial runs in the second quarter of 2021. We also announced the official opening of a new co-manufacturing facility
 built by our distributor in the Netherlands
 to be used for Beyond Meat production. In the third quarter of 2020
 we and our subsidiary
 Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;BYND JX&#8221;) entered into an investment agreement and related factory leasing contract to design and develop manufacturing facilities in the Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone to manufacture plant-based meat products under the Beyond Meat brand in China. Renovations in the leased facility commenced at the end of 2020 with trial production expected in the first quarter of 2021 and full-scale end-to-end production expected by the end of the second quarter of 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2020
 we acquired certain assets including land
 building
We are continually reviewing opportunities to increase and/or leverage manufacturing capacity across our network
 identifying opportunities to increase overall equipment effectiveness
The successes of our products have confirmed our belief that there is significant demand for additional plant-based meat products. We intend to strengthen our product offerings by improving the formulations for our existing portfolio of products and by creating new products that expand the portfolio. We are continually refining our products to improve their taste
 texture
 aroma and appearance. In addition
 we are committed to increasing our investment in research and development to continue to innovate within our core plant-based platforms of beef
 pork and poultry to create exciting new product lines and improve the formulations for our existing portfolio of products. New product launches in 2020 included Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties
 Cookout Classic value packs
 Beyond Meatballs and Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links. We also announced that in 2021 we will be debuting a new Beyond Burger platform that will include two new burger patties
 one of which will provide 35% less saturated fat than 80/20 beef
 while the other will represent our most nutritious patty yet with 55% less saturated fat than 80/20 beef.  Both new burgers are expected to have the same taste profile
fat and fewer calories than 80/20 beef
We intend to continue to develop our brand and increase awareness of Beyond Meat. We plan on highlighting our &#8220;Go Beyond&#8221; message and the global benefits that come with eating our products. We also plan to continue to create relevant content with our network of celebrities
 influencers and brand ambassadors
 who have successfully built significant brand awareness for us by supporting our mission and products and incorporating Beyond Meat into their daily lifestyle. Subject to the ultimate duration
 magnitude and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
We sell a range of plant-based products across the three core platforms of beef
 pork and poultry. They are offered in ready-to-cook and ready-to-heat formats. All of our products are made from simple ingredients without GMOs
 bioengineered ingredients
 hormones
 antibiotics or cholesterol. With the exception of certain Beyond Beef Crumbles which are not certified Kosher
 all our products are certified Kosher and Halal.  All of our products are also lower in saturated fats than their animal-based equivalents. We are focused on making them nutritionally dense
The Beyond Burger
 our flagship product
 was our first product merchandised in the meat case of grocery stores in the United States. The Beyond Burger is designed to look
 cook and taste like an 80/20 ground beef burger. It is made from a blend of pea
 mung bean and rice proteins. The Beyond Burger&#8217;s primary source of protein comes from peas
 providing 20 grams of protein
 and has no soy
 gluten or GMOs. In 2021
 we plan to introduce two new versions of the Beyond Burger in the U.S. designed to meet consumers&#8217; growing demand for plant-based proteins that deliver on both taste and nutrition
 while offering more choices for consumers. In June 2020
 in response to COVID-19
 we launched our Cookout Classic value packs
 a limited edition offering with 10 plant-based burgers per carton available in the frozen meat aisle
 made from a blend of pea and rice proteins
 Beyond Beef is designed to have the meaty taste and texture of ground beef and replicate the versatility of ground beef. It has 35% less saturated fat than 80/20 beef or five grams per four-ounce serving. Like animal-based ground beef
 Beyond Beef can be used in a variety of dishes
 such as tacos and meatballs
 and is sold to our foodservice partners for use in menu items such as pizza toppings. It is made from a blend of pea
 mung bean and rice proteins
 and has no soy
 Beyond Sausage is designed to look
 cook and taste like a pork sausage. Beyond Sausage is made from a blend of pea
 rice and faba bean proteins. Beyond Sausage&#8217;s primary source of protein comes from peas
 providing 16 grams of protein and three grams of fiber per serving
 and has no soy
 gluten or GMOs. Beyond Sausage currently comes in three flavors: Brat Original
: Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties and Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links are designed to replicate a classic pork breakfast sausage patty or link. Beyond Breakfast Sausage is made from a blend of pea and rice proteins and seasoned with savory herbs and spices. Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties provide 11 grams of plant-based protein per serving
 while Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links provide 8 grams of plant-based protein per serving. Each has no soy
 gluten or GMOs. Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties were available in our foodservice channel as of December 31
 2019
: Beyond Meatballs are pre-formed and designed to replicate ground beef or pork meatballs. Beyond Meatballs are made from a blend of peas and brown rice. They provide 19&#160;grams of protein per serving
 and have no soy
. Beyond Beef Crumbles are ready-to-heat products designed to look and satisfy like minced or ground beef. Beyond Beef Crumbles&#8217; primary source of protein comes from peas
 providing 14 grams of protein per serving
 and has no soy
 gluten or GMOs. Beyond Beef Crumbles currently come in two flavors for retail: Beefy and Feisty. The four flavors available for foodservice are Plain
 Beefy
Since the success of the Beyond Burger
 we have created a strong presence at leading food retailers across the United States and abroad. As of December 31
 2020
 our products were available in approximately 28
000 retail outlets in the United States and 34
000 retail outlets internationally. Retail channel net revenues in 2020 increased $155.8 million
 or 107.6%
As of December 31
 2020
 our products were available in approximately 42
000 foodservice outlets in the United States and 18
000 foodservice outlets internationally. We have experienced a significant slowdown in our foodservice channel since the latter half of March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Nonetheless
 we remain focused on expanding our partnerships with foodservice customers over time
 including large FSR and QSR customers in the United States and abroad. Foodservice channel net revenues in 2020 decreased $46.9 million
 or 30.6%
We sell to a variety of customers in the retail and foodservice channels throughout the United States and internationally primarily through distributors who purchase
 store
 sell and deliver our products. Because such distributors function in an intermediary role
 we do not consider them to be direct customers. In addition
 we sell directly to customers in the retail and foodservice channels who handle their own distribution. In the third quarter of 2020
For 2020
 Costco accounted for approximately 13% of our gross revenues. For 2019
 DOT Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;DOT&#8221;)
 and United Natural Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;UNFI&#8221;)
 accounted for approximately 17% and 16% of our gross revenues
 respectively. For 2018
 UNFI
 DOT and Sysco Merchandising and Supply Chain Services
 Inc. accounted for approximately 32%
 21% and 13% of our gross revenues
 respectively. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of our gross revenues in 2020
We distribute our products internationally
 using distributors. Our international net revenues
 including net revenues from Canada
 were approximately 20%
 33% and 20% of our net revenues in 2020
 2019 and 2018
The principal ingredient used to manufacture our products is pea protein. We procure the raw materials for our woven protein from a number of different suppliers. Although most of the raw materials we require are typically readily available from multiple sources
We have a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette Fr&#232;res (&#8220;Roquette&#8221;) for the supply of pea protein. The agreement expires on December 31
 2022; however it can be terminated after 18 months under certain circumstances. This agreement increases the amount of pea protein to be supplied by Roquette in each of 2020
 2021 and 2022 compared to the amount supplied 2019. The total annual amount that we purchase each year must be at least the minimum amount specified in the agreement
We also have a three-year supply agreement with PURIS Proteins
 LLC
 or Puris
 (the &#8220;Puris Agreement&#8221;) under which we may purchase domestically sourced pea protein. The Puris Agreement expires on December 31
 2021. We obtain protein under the Puris Agreement on a purchase order basis. We have the right to cancel purchase orders if we provide timely written notice; however
Flavors consist of product flavors that have been developed by our innovation team in collaboration with our supply partners exclusively for us. The formulas are then produced by our suppliers for use in our products. Ingredients in our flavors are qualified through trials to ensure manufacturability. Upon receipt of the ingredients
 we receive Certificates of Analysis from our suppliers in our quality control process to confirm that our rigorous standards have been met. Flavors are extensively tested prior to introduction to ensure finished product attributes such as taste
 texture
We have multi-year supply agreements with these two suppliers of pea protein
 as described above
 we do not have long-term supply agreements with most of our other suppliers. However
 we secure our supplies on a purchase order basis. As most of the raw materials we use in our flavors are readily available in the market from many suppliers
As the first step in our manufacturing process a dry blend containing our plant protein is combined within our manufacturing facility. The dry blend then enters our extruder
 where both water and steam are added. We then use a combination of heating
 cooling and variations of pressure to weave together the proteins. The formed woven protein is used as the basis of all our products. Next
 internally or through our co-manufacturers
 we further process the woven protein by combining flavorings and other ingredients
 after which the final packaged product is then shipped to distributors or direct to customers. In order to sustain the quality of our products
 we have implemented a &#8220;define
 measure
 analyze
 improve and control
&#8221; or DMAIC
 approach to improve
We depend on co-manufacturers for the manufacturing of some of our products. Our co-manufacturers are currently in various locations throughout the United States
 as well as Canada and the Netherlands. We continue to explore establishing more of our own internal production facilities domestically and abroad to produce our woven proteins
 blends of flavor systems and binding systems
 and finished goods
In-process quality checks are performed throughout the manufacturing process
 including temperature
 physical dimensions and weight. We provide specific instructions to customers and consumers for storing and cooking our products. All products are transported and stored frozen. Frozen products such as Beyond Beef Crumbles and Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties are intended to be prepared from their frozen state
Retail products sold in the meat case
 such as the Beyond Burger
 Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Meatballs and Beyond Sausage Links are shipped to the customer frozen.  The customer is provided instructions on &#8216;slacking
&#8217; which is typically done by moving frozen food to a refrigerator to allow it to slowly and safely thaw before cooking. For this step
From our internal manufacturing or co-manufacturing facilities
At present
Our customer service and logistics functions are responsible for customer-facing activities
 order management
 customer logistics
 3PL leadership and intra-company distribution. We utilize NetSuite (ERP)
 MS Applications and Cloud interface platforms for these processes. Customer orders are principally transmitted via electronic data interface
 or EDI
 but may be processed manually if necessary. Orders are accepted in NetSuite
 reviewed for accuracy and fulfillment plans are developed. When fulfillment plans are ready
 orders are downloaded and emailed to our transportation partners for tendering. Metrics for the Customer Service and Logistics team include order fill
 on-time shipping
As of December 31
 2020
 our 36-person sales and commercial team is organized into four divisions
 retail
 foodservice
 international and strategic partnerships. The sales team has an extensive range of experience from leading natural food
 meat and plant-based protein companies. They work in close coordination with a national network of broker and distributor sales teams that gives us access to accounts across the United States and internationally
 as well as directly with the purchasing teams of large retail and foodservice customers. We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to our customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 buy-one-get-one-free programs
 off invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
We have an active field marketing team that samples our products directly with consumers in stores and at relevant events. Our Beyond Meat food trucks support consumer sampling
 content creation
 as well as media
 influencer and customer activation. In 2020
 in light of the COVID-19 pandemic
The primary means by which we drive consumer awareness and interest in our products is via (i) social and digital media
 (ii) PR
 (iii) ambassador and influencer activations
While we enjoy upward growth in our online marketing activities
 we have historically done a relatively modest amount of paid targeting. We maintain a registered domain website at www.beyondmeat.com
 which serves as the primary source of information regarding our products
 as wells as foreign domains in certain countries. Our website is used as a platform to promote our products
 provide news
 share recipes
 highlight nutritional facts and provide general information on where to purchase our products
We extensively use social media platforms such as Facebook
&#8226; Facebook: We maintain a company Facebook page
 which we use to facilitate consumer services
 distribute brand information and news and publish videos and pictures promoting the brand. We also conduct regular contests and giveaways. As of December 31
 2020
 we had over 440
&#8226; Instagram: We maintain an active company Instagram account
 @beyondmeat
 which we use to publish content related to our products and company in order to better connect with potential and existing consumers. We frequently publish news
 celebrity promotion and content related to our activities. As of December 31
 2020
 we had over 970
&#8226; Twitter: We maintain an active company Twitter account
 @BeyondMeat
 which we use to disseminate trending news and information
 as well as to publish short format tips
 tricks and shortcuts. We also regularly interact with our consumers. As of December 31
 2020
 we had over 118
&#8226; LinkedIn: We maintain an active company LinkedIn account
 which we use to disseminate news related to Beyond Meat and industry-related media and information. We use our LinkedIn account as a job board for individuals interested in working with us. As of December 31
 2020
 we had more than 93
We operate in a highly competitive environment. We believe that we compete with both conventional animal-protein companies
 such as Cargill
 Hormel
 JBS
 Perdue Foods
 Tyson and WH Group
 and also plant-based protein brands
 including brands affiliated with conventional animal-protein companies and other large food operators
 such as Alpha Foods
 Boca Foods (Kraft Heinz)
 Lightlife and Field Roast Grain Meat Co. (Maple Leaf Foods)
 Gardein (Conagra)
 Hungry Planet
 Inc.
 Impossible Foods
 Incogmeato/Morningstar Farms (Kellogg)
 Moving Mountains
 Omn!pork (OmniFoods)
 Tofurky
 Sweet Earth and Awesome Burger (Nestle&#8217; S.A.)
 Pure Farmland by Smithfield Foods (WH Group)
 Raised &amp; Rooted (Tyson)
 Happy Little Plants (Hormel)
 Sysco&#8217;s Simply Plant-Based Meatless Burger
 Tattooed Chef
 The Not Company
 OZO (Planterra Foods/JBS) and Vegetarian Butcher (Unilever). Additionally
 a number of U.S. and international companies are working on developing lab-grown or &#8220;clean meat
&#8221; an animal-protein product cultivated from cells taken from animals
&#8226; low-carbohydrate
 low-sugar
&#8226; lack of soy
We believe we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors. However
 many companies in our industry have substantially greater financial resources
 more comprehensive product lines
 broader market presence
 longer standing relationships with distributors and suppliers
 longer operating histories
 greater production and distribution capabilities
Our research and development team creates
 tests and refines our products at our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center. We employ in-house scientists
 engineers
As of December 31
 2020
 we employed over 170 scientists
 engineers
 researchers
Innovation is a core competency of ours and important part of our growth strategy. Our goal is to identify large
 animal-based meat product categories across our core plant-based platforms of beef
 pork and poultry that exhibit long-term consumer trends. We then dedicate significant research and development resources to create authentic plant-based versions of these products that replicate the taste
 texture
&#8226; Better fat adipose tissue and saturated fat mimics: We are researching new materials and technologies capable of mimicking saturated fat in terms of texture and appearance
&#8226; Alternative functional proteins: We pursue new non-animal proteins that add function to our food products
 including native proteins that can denature during cooking
&#8226; Encapsulation materials and technology: We are seeking new materials and technologies to expand the scope of controlled-release delivery systems in our food products as it relates to delivering flavor
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 25
 2021
 we entered into The PLANeT Partnership
 LLC
 a joint venture with PepsiCo
 Inc.
 to develop
 produce and market innovative snack and beverage products made from plant-based protein. We believe the joint venture will allow us to reach more consumers by entering new product categories and distribution channels
Generally
 we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. In 2020 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic prevented us from identifying any seasonal impact. In each of 2019 and 2018
 we experienced strong net revenue growth compared to the previous year
 which masked this seasonal impact. As our business continues to grow
 we expect to see additional seasonality effects
 especially within our retail channel
As of December 31
 2020
The health and safety of our employees is a top priority for us. As a result
 during COVID-19
 we established a COVID-19 cross-functional task force that meets regularly and continually monitors and tracks relevant data including guidance from local
 national and international health agencies. This task force works closely with our senior leadership team and is instrumental in making critical
 timely decisions. In response to COVID-19
 we have taken
 and continue to take
&#8226; Implemented enhanced safety measures including mandatory face coverings
 physical distance requirements
 temperature checks
 deep cleaning and disinfectant protocols
The task force is committed to continuing to communicate to our employees as more information is available to share and also continues to evaluate our operations in light of federal
 state and local guidance
We are committed to diversity and inclusion across all aspects of our company. We have developed a diversity and inclusion framework that is centered on minimizing subjectivity via data-driven decisions to reduce the risk of bias and ensure that everyone owns responsibility for inclusive behaviors and actions across the organization. We have established hiring principles that focus on our mission to hire people from diverse backgrounds who will add to our culture. We also provide diversity and inclusion education and training to all of our employees
 in addition to providing our management with additional diversity training. In addition
 we are actively working on our diversity and inclusion roadmap
 which we plan to implement in 2021
 that will be focused on 4 pillars: workplace inclusion
 employee experience
Mission
Everything we do is powered by our mission and core values and our corporate culture reflects that. As a result
 we enjoy a highly motivated and skilled work force committed to our mission and our company. We believe we have a very unique culture which promotes employee engagement. Our employees are driven by our mission which promotes collaboration and innovation. We promote employee engagement by organizing various employee activities that are aligned with our mission
 such as promoting employee participation in our partnership with the Gentle Barn to rescue farm animals and enhance our commitment to building a healthier planet
We strive to attract and retain diverse
 high caliber employees who raise the talent bar by offering competitive compensation and benefit packages
 regardless of their gender
 race or other personal characteristics. We regularly review and survey our compensation and benefit programs against the market to ensure we remain competitive in our hiring practices. We provide employee salaries that are competitive and consider factors such as an employee&#8217;s role and experience
 the location of their job and their performance. We also review our compensation practices
 both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees
 to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. In addition to our competitive salaries
 in an effort to enhance our employees&#8217; sense of participation in the company and to further align their interests with those of our stockholders
We also offer a variety of comprehensive medical benefits to our employees. In addition to medical benefits
 we offer our employees dental and vision coverage
 health savings and flexible spending accounts
 paid time off
 18 paid company holidays
 16-week paid parental leave at 100% pay
 bereavement leave
 pet bereavement leave
 employee assistance programs
 a 401(k) retirement savings plan with company matching contributions
  voluntary short-term and long-term disability insurance
We strive to hire
 develop and retain talent that continuously raises the performance bar. We encourage
 support and compensate our employees based on our philosophy of recognizing and rewarding exceptional performance. We achieve this by focusing on development
 performance
 goals and accomplishments in ongoing conversations with our employees. We believe that performance and development is an ongoing process in which all employees should be active participants. We recently rolled out a new performance acceleration program that focuses on setting quarterly goals that are aligned with the Company&#8217;s goals
 giving and receiving feedback focused on goal progress
 accomplishments and development
 and the modification of individual actions to drive business results. This program is designed to incentivize and reward employee accountability and achievement of performance goals
We own domestic and international trademarks and other proprietary rights that are important to our business. Depending upon the jurisdiction
 trademarks are valid as long as they are used in the regular course of trade and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Our primary trademarks include Beyond Meat
 Beyond Burger
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 Beyond Chicken
 Beyond Fried Chicken
 Beyond Meatball
 the Caped Steer Logo
 Go Beyond
 Eat What You Love
 The Cookout Classic
 The Future of Protein
 and The Future of Protein Beyond Meat and design
 and are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat
 Inc. in the United States and
 in some cases
 in certain other countries. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand to our consumers. We have applied for or have trademark registrations internationally as well. We believe the protection of our trademarks
 copyrights
 patents
 domain names
We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademark
 copyright
 patent
We believe our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to our business. At December 31
 2020
 we had one issued patent in the United States and one issued patent in the U.K.
We consider the specifics of our marketing
 promotions and products as a trade secret
 and information we wish to keep confidential. In addition
 we consider proprietary information related to formulas
 processes
 know-how and methods used in our production and manufacturing as trade secrets
 and information we wish to keep confidential. We have taken reasonable measures to keep the above-mentioned items
 as well as our business and marketing plans
 customer lists and contracts reasonably protected
Operating segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and that is regularly reviewed by its chief operating decision maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;)
 in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. Our CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. We have determined that we operate in one operating segment and one reportable segment
 as our CODM reviews financial information presented on an aggregate basis for purposes of making operating decisions
 allocating resources
Along with our co-manufacturers
 brokers
 distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations&#160;in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities&#160;and in Canada
 the European Union
 the United Kingdom
 China and other jurisdictions by foreign authorities. In the United States
 the primary federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution
 labeling and advertising of our products are the FDA and the FTC
Canada or the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (&#8220;CFIA&#8221;) and the authorities of the EU or the EU member states.&#160;Under various federal statutes and implementing regulations&#160;and foreign requirements
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our product composition
&#160;ingredients
&#160;manufacturing
 labeling and other marketing and advertising to consumers. Among other things
 the facilities in which our products and ingredients are manufactured must register with the FDA&#160;and any other relevant authorities based on location
 comply with current good manufacturing practices
 or cGMPs
&#160;and comply with a range of food safety requirements established by and implemented under the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011&#160;and applicable foreign food safety and manufacturing requirements.&#160;Federal
 state
 and foreign regulators&#160;have&#160;the authority to inspect&#160;our&#160;facilities to evaluate compliance with&#160;applicable&#160;requirements.&#160;Federal
 state
 and foreign regulatory authorities&#160;also require that certain nutrition and product information appear on our product labels and
 more generally
 that our labels and labeling be truthful and non-misleading&#160;and that our marketing and advertising be truthful
 non-misleading and not deceptive to consumers. We are also restricted from making certain types of claims about our products
 including&#160;for example
 in the United States
&#160;nutrient content claims
 health claims
 and claims regarding the effects of our products on any structure or function of the body
 whether express or implied
In addition
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA
 regulates certain categories of food products
 including meat and poultry products. Although our plant-based products are not currently regulated by the USDA
 in February 2018
 the agency received a petition from industry requesting that it exclude products not derived from the tissue or flesh of animals that have been harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;meat
&#8221; and exclude products not derived from cattle born
 raised and harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;beef.&#8221; The USDA has not yet responded substantively to this petition
 but has indicated that the petition is being considered as a petition for a policy change under the USDA&#8217;s regulations.&#160;The United States Congress recently considered (but did not pass) federal legislation
 called the Real MEAT Act
 that could require changes to our product labeling and marketing
In addition to federal regulatory requirements in the United States
 certain states impose their own manufacturing and labeling requirements. For example
 every state in which our products are manufactured requires facility registration with the relevant state food safety agency
 and those facilities are subject to state inspection as well as federal inspection. Further
 states can impose state-specific labeling requirements. For example
 in 2018
 the state of Missouri passed a law that prohibits any person engaged in advertising
 offering for sale
 or sale of food products from misrepresenting products as meat that are not derived from harvested production livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which include prominent disclosure that the product is &#8220;made from plants
&#8221; or comparable disclosure such as through the use of the phrase &#8220;plant-based
&#8221; are not misrepresented under Missouri law. Additional states
 including Mississippi
 Louisiana and Oklahoma
 have subsequently passed similar laws
 and legislation that would impose additional requirements on plant-based meat products is currently pending in a number of other states.&#160;We believe that our products are manufactured and labeled in material compliance with all relevant state requirements
 including the recent Missouri law
We are also subject to the laws of Australia
 Canada
 Hong Kong
 Israel
 China
 the European Union (and individual member countries) and the United Kingdom
 among others
 and requirements specific to those jurisdictions could impose additional manufacturing or labeling requirements or restrictions.&#160;For example
 in Europe
 the Agriculture Committee of the European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of &#8220;meat&#8221; and meat-related terms and names for products that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals.&#160;In October 2020
 the European Parliament rejected the adoption of this provision. In the absence of European Union legislation
 Member States remain free to establish national restrictions on meat-related names. In June 2020
 France adopted a prohibition on using names to indicate foodstuffs of animal origin to describe
 market
 or promote foodstuffs containing vegetable proteins. An implementing decree will likely enter into force on July 1
 2021 to define e.g. the sanctions in case of non-compliance. We do not believe that the new French bill complies with the laws of the European Union
goods. We also note that this prohibition has not been appropriately notified to the European Commission
 and that as a result the prohibition is in principle non-enforceable. Beyond Meat is actively monitoring these developments
 but if adopted
We are subject to labor and employment laws
 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 anti-corruption laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our co-manufacturers
 distributors and suppliers
Beyond Meat
 Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on April 8
 2011 originally under the name &#8220;J&#160;Green&#160;Natural Foods Co.&#8221; On October 5
 2011
 we changed our corporate name to &#8220;Savage River
 Inc.
&#8221; with &#8220;Beyond Meat&#8221; being our &#8220;doing business as&#8221; name. On September 7
 2018
 we changed our corporate name to &#8220;Beyond Meat
On May 6
 2019
 we completed our initial public offering (&#8220;IPO&#8221;) of 11
068
750 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $25.00 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately $252.4 million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and issuance costs. On August 5
 2019
 we completed a secondary public offering (&#8220;Secondary Offering&#8221;) of common stock
 in which we sold&#160;250
000&#160;shares. The shares were sold at a public offering price of&#160;$160.00&#160;per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately&#160;$37.4&#160;million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of&#160;$1.5&#160;million&#160;and issuance costs of approximately $1.1 million payable by us. Total Secondary Offering costs paid in 2019 were approximately $2.2 million
On January 14
 2020
 we registered Beyond Meat EU B.V.
 in the Netherlands. On April 28
 2020
 we registered Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co.
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
  2020
 on January 25
 2021
T Partnership
 LLC
 a joint venture with PepsiCo
 Inc.
 to develop
Upon the completion of our IPO
 we elected to be an Emerging Growth Company (&#8220;EGC&#8221;)
 as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (&#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;). An EGC is defined as a company with total annual gross revenues of less than $1.07 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year. A company will retain its EGC status until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which it exceeds $1.07 billion in annual gross revenues; (2) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date it first sold securities pursuant to an initial public offering registration statement; (3) the date on which the EGC has
 within the previous three years
Effective December 31
 2020
 we lost our EGC status and are now categorized as a Large Accelerated Filer based upon the current market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a result
The Company maintains a website at the following address:&#160;www.beyondmeat.com. The information on the Company's website is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC
We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). These include our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The SEC also maintains a web site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
Investors and others should note that Beyond Meat routinely announces material information to investors and the marketplace using SEC filings
 press releases
 public conference calls
 webcasts and the Beyond Meat Investor Relations website. We also intend to use certain social media channels as a means of disclosing information about us and our products to consumers
 our customers
 investors and the public (e.g.
 @BeyondMeat
 #BeyondBurger and #GoBeyond on Facebook
 Instagram and Twitter).&#160; The information posted on social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. While not all of the information that the Company posts to the Beyond Meat Investor Relations website or to social media accounts is of a material nature
 some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly
 the Company encourages investors
 the media
We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this report to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors immediately following this summary as well as the other information in this report
 including the section titled &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and our financial statements and related notes
 before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described in this report may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 operating results
 cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In this case
 the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you might lose part or all of your investment in our common stock. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 the following:
 such as
 effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our history of losses and ability to achieve or sustain profitability; our ability to effectively expand our manufacturing operations and accurately forecast demand for our products; our reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers and our ability to procure sufficient high quality raw materials; our limited number of distributors; consolidation of customers
our employees; disruptions in the worldwide economy; failure of recent and future acquisitions or investments to be efficiently integrated; and scrutiny from our stakeholders and institutional investors on our environmental
 social and governance (&#8220;ESG&#8221;) practices.
 such as
 limited availability of pea protein that meets our standards; incidents of food safety and food-borne illnesses or advertising or product misbranding; reduction in sales of the Beyond Burger; failure to introduce new products or successfully improve existing products; our ability to accurately predict consumer taste preferences and respond quickly to new trends; and ingredient and packaging costs volatility. 
 such as
 increased competition in our market; harm to our brand or reputation due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products; and failure to develop and maintain our brand.
 such as
 business
 regulatory
 political
 financial and economic risks of doing business in China; and potential violations of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws.
 such as
Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property
 Information Technology
 Cybersecurity and Privacy
 such as
Risks Related to Our Lease Obligations
 Indebtedness
 Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital
 such as
Risks Related to the Environment
 Climate and Weather
 such as
 a major natural disaster in areas where our facilities are located; and negative effects from climate change.
 such as
 the effectiveness of our internal controls; limitations in our internal control system resulting in undetected errors or fraud; and the increased costs associated with complying with the requirements applicable to public companies.
 such as
Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters
 Litigation and Legal Proceedings
 such as
 FDA compliance; legal claims
 government investigations and other regulatory enforcement actions; compliance with international regulations; changes in existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations; failure by our suppliers of raw materials or co-manufacturers to comply with food safety
The COVID-19 pandemic has had
 and we expect will continue to have
 a material adverse impact on our business
 results of operations
The global spread and unprecedented impact of COVID-19 continues to create significant volatility
 uncertainty and economic disruption. COVID-19 has led governments and other authorities around the world to implement significant measures intended to control the spread of the virus
 including social distancing measures
 business closures or restrictions on operations
 quarantines and travel bans. While some of these restrictions have been lifted or eased in many jurisdictions as the rates of COVID-19 infections have decreased or stabilized
 a resurgence of COVID-19 and the discovery of various new COVID-19 variants in some markets has slowed
On December 11
 2020
 the FDA issued the first Emergency Use Authorization (&#8220;EUA&#8221;) for distribution of the COVID-19 vaccine developed by Pfizer. On December 18
 2020
 the FDA issued another EUA for distribution of a second COVID-19 vaccine developed by Moderna. In addition
 other COVID-19 vaccines have been approved for emergency use in other countries or are pending approval in the United States. While the rollout of vaccines is currently underway in the United States
 we expect that it will take significant time before the vaccines are widely available on a significant scale. If there are delays in the rollout or administration of the COVID-19 vaccines
 declines in the public's perception of the safety of the vaccines and their willingness to take the vaccines
 or if COVID-19 and the new COVID-19 variant infection rates continue to increase
 the negative impacts on our business
 particularly on our foodservice channel net revenues
 cash flows
 operating expenses
 gross profit and gross margin
Even if not required by governments and other authorities
 companies are also taking precautions
 such as requiring employees to work remotely
 imposing travel restrictions
 reducing operating hours
 imposing operating restrictions and temporarily closing businesses. These continuing restrictions
 and future prevention and mitigation measures
 imposed by governments and companies
 are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions and consumer confidence and spending (including as a result of lower discretionary income due to unemployment or reduced or limited work as a result of measures taken in response to the pandemic)
 which has had
 and is expected to continue to have
 a material adverse impact on the demand for our products
 particularly in our foodservice channel
 and could materially adversely affect the supply of our products. Sustained market turmoil and business disruption due to COVID-19 have negatively impacted and are expected to continue to negatively impact our business
 results of operations
COVID-19 has impacted business operations and customer and consumer demand in our foodservice channel as restaurants and bars have been required to temporarily close or restrict indoor dining to limit the spread of COVID-19. Although certain of these restrictions have been lifted pursuant to multi-step reopening plans and exceptions to allow for carry-out and delivery have enabled certain of our customers to continue to generate business
 we experienced a significant deterioration in sales to foodservice customers in 2020 due to the impacts of COVID-19. For example
 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 foodservice channel net revenues were $106.2 million compared to $153.1 million in the prior year. Closures or scaled back operations have also resulted in delays in tests or launches of our products among our foodservice customers and negatively impacted our growth rate. Even after these COVID-19 restrictions are lifted
 demand from our foodservice customers may continue to be negatively impacted due to continuing consumer concerns regarding the risk of transmission of COVID-19 and the various COVID-19 variants
 decreased consumer confidence and spending
 and changes in consumer habits
 among other things. The environment remains highly uncertain and it is unclear how long it will take for foodservice demand to return to pre-pandemic levels
While we initially experienced an increase in retail demand during the second quarter of 2020 as consumers shifted toward more at-home consumption
 the level of retail demand meaningfully slowed during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. For example
 for the three months ended June 27
 2020
 we generated retail channel net revenues of $99.6 million
 compared to $70.0 million in the three months ended September 26
 2020
 and $75.1 million in the three months ended December 31
 2020. As COVID-19 and the new COVID-19 variant rates continue to increase in numerous regions of the world
 the continuing impact of COVID-19 remains highly uncertain. It is
 therefore
 difficult to predict retail demand levels going forward. Additionally
 we could suffer product inventory losses or markdowns and lost revenue in the event of the loss or a shutdown of a major supplier
 co-manufacturer or distributor
 disruption of our distribution network
 or decreased consumer confidence and spending. We also have been providing heavier discounting on some of our products in response to COVID-19. Although these actions are intended to build brand awareness and increase consumer trials of our products
Impact of COVID-19 on our suppliers
We source ingredients from multiple suppliers around the world. Currently
 the principal ingredient in most of our products is pea protein. Given that we scaled back our production in response to COVID-19 and to reduce our existing finished goods and work in process inventory levels
 we have seen an increase in our pea protein stocks. However
 in light of the expected shelf life of our pea protein raw materials
 we do not believe there is a risk of inventory obsolescence of these raw materials at this time. The impact of COVID-19 on any of our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors or transportation or logistics providers
 including problems with their respective businesses
 finances
 labor matters (including illness or absenteeism in workforce)
 ability to import raw materials
 product quality issues
 costs
 production
 insurance and reputation
 may negatively affect the price and availability of our ingredients and/or packaging materials and impact our supply chain. If the disruptions caused by COVID-19 continue for an extended period of time
 or there are additional resurgences of COVID-19 or COVID-19 variants
We have implemented and continue to practice a series of physical distancing and hygienic practices at our manufacturing and other facilities. If we are forced to make further modifications
 scale back hours of production or close these facilities in response to the pandemic
 we expect our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows would be materially adversely affected. Moreover
 we have transitioned a significant subset of our office-based employee population to a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19
 which may exacerbate certain risks to our business
 including cybersecurity attacks and risk of phishing due to an increase in the number of points of potential attack
 such as laptops and mobile devices (both of which are now being used in increased numbers). In the event that an employee tests positive for COVID-19
 we may have to temporarily close one or more of our facilities for cleaning and/or quarantine one or more employees
Part of our growth strategy includes increasing the number of international customers and expanding into additional geographies. The timing and success of our international expansion with respect to customers
 production facilities and/or co-manufacturing partners
 especially in China and other parts of Asia
 may be negatively impacted by COVID-19
Additionally
 COVID-19 has created significant disruptions in the credit and financial markets
The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of the pandemic (including any additional resurgences)
 impact of the new COVID-19 variants and the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines
social and economic restrictions imposed in the United States and abroad in an effort to curb the spread of the virus
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. Furthermore
 the uncertainty created by COVID-19 significantly increases the difficulty in forecasting operating results and strategic planning. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition or liquidity. However
 COVID-19 has had and may continue to have a material adverse impact on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows and may adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. While the ultimate economic impact of COVID-19 is highly uncertain
 we expect that the adverse impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and results of operations
 including our net revenues
 gross profit
 gross margin
 earnings and cash flows
We have a history of losses
We have experienced net losses in almost every period since our inception. In 2020
 2019 and 2018
 we incurred net losses of $52.8 million
 $12.4 million and $29.9 million
 respectively. We anticipate that our operating expenses and capital expenditures will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest to expand our production capacity through our own internal production facilities
 domestically and abroad; build out our campus headquarters and manufacturing facilities; increase our customer base
 supplier network and co-manufacturing partners; support our strategic and other QSR customer relationships; innovate and commercialize products; scale production across distribution channels; build our brand
 expand our marketing channels and drive consumer adoption of our products; pursue geographic expansion; hire additional employees; and enhance our technology and production capabilities. These efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate
 and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues and margins sufficiently to offset the anticipated higher expenses. We incur significant expenses in developing our innovative products
 building out our facilities
 securing an adequate supply of raw materials
 obtaining and storing ingredients and other products and marketing the products we offer. In addition
 many of our expenses
 including some of the costs associated with our existing and any future manufacturing facilities
 are fixed. Accordingly
 we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability
If we fail to effectively expand our manufacturing and production capacity
 accurately forecast demand for our products or quickly respond to forecast changes
If we do not have sufficient capacity to meet our customers&#8217; demands and to satisfy increased demand
 we will need to expand our operations
 supply and manufacturing capabilities. However
 there is risk in our ability to effectively scale production processes and effectively manage our supply chain requirements. We must accurately forecast demand for our products and inventory needs in order to ensure we have adequate available manufacturing capacity and to ensure we are effectively managing our inventory. Our forecasts are based on multiple assumptions which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate and affect our ability to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity (whether our own manufacturing capacity or co-manufacturing capacity) and adequate inventory supply in order to meet the demand for our products
However
 if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity or inventory
 we may have significantly underutilized assets
 experience reduced margins
 and have excess inventory which we may be required to write-down or write-off. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities and inventory supply with demand
 if we experience disruptions or delays in our supply chain
 or if we cannot obtain raw materials of sufficient quantity and quality at reasonable prices and in a timely manner
 our business
Because we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers
We rely on a limited number of vendors to supply us with raw materials. Our financial performance depends in large part on our ability to arrange for the purchase of raw materials in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. We have entered into a multi-year sales agreement for plant-based protein with one of our pea protein suppliers pursuant to which we are required to purchase specified minimum monthly and semi-annual quantities through the term. Other than pursuant to this agreement
 we are not assured of continued supply or pricing of raw materials. Any of our other suppliers could discontinue or seek to alter their relationship with us. We have in the past experienced interruptions in the supply of pea protein from one supplier that resulted in delays in delivery to us. We could experience similar delays in the future from any of our suppliers. Any disruption in the supply of pea protein or other raw materials would have a material adverse effect on our business if we cannot replace these suppliers in a timely manner
 on commercially reasonable terms
In addition
 our pea protein suppliers manufacture their products at a limited number of facilities. A natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage or other calamity affecting any of these facilities
 or any interruption in their operations
 could negatively impact our ability to obtain required quantities of pea protein in a timely manner
 or at all
 which could materially reduce our product sales and net revenues
Events that adversely affect our suppliers of pea protein and other raw materials could impair our ability to obtain raw material inventory in the quantities that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#8217; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 ability to import raw materials
 product quality issues
 costs
 production
 insurance and reputation
 as well as disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19)
 acts of war
 terrorism
 natural disasters
 fires
 earthquakes
 flooding or other catastrophic occurrences. We continuously seek alternative sources of protein to use in our products
If we need to replace an existing supplier
 there can be no assurance that supplies of raw materials will be available when required on acceptable terms
 or at all
 or that a new supplier would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements
 fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our strict quality standards. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
Our future business
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow certain crops such as Canadian
 European and North American yellow peas
 the vagaries of these farming businesses (including poor harvests impacting the quality of the peas grown)
 changes in national and world economic conditions
 including as a result of COVID-19
 and our ability to forecast our ingredient requirements. The high quality ingredients used in many of our products are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes and pestilence. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality
 which in turn could reduce the available supply of
 or increase the price of
 quality ingredients. In addition
 we purchase some ingredients and other materials offshore
 and the price and availability of such ingredients and materials may be affected by political events or other conditions in these countries or tariffs or trade wars. We also compete with other food producers in the procurement of ingredients
 and this competition may increase in the future if consumer demand for plant-based protein products increases. If supplies of quality ingredients are reduced or there is greater demand for such ingredients from us and others
 we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply that meets our strict quality standards on favorable terms
 or at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products and may adversely affect our business
We rely on a limited number of distributors
 and if we experience the loss of one or more distributors and cannot replace them in a timely manner
Many retailers and foodservice providers purchase our products through distributors who purchase
 store
 sell
 and deliver our products to such retailers and foodservice providers. For 2020
 no distributor accounted for more than 10% of our gross revenues. For 2019
 DOT and UNFI accounted for approximately 17% and 16% of our gross revenues
 respectively. Since these distributors act as intermediaries between us and the retailers and foodservice providers
 we do not have short-term or long-term commitments or minimum purchase volumes in our contracts with them that ensure future sales of our products. If we lose one or more of our distributors and cannot replace the distributor in a timely manner or at all
 our business
If we fail to cost-effectively acquire new customers or retain our existing customers
 or if we fail to derive revenue from our existing customers consistent with our historical performance
Our success
 and our ability to increase revenues and operate profitably
 depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively acquire new customers
 to retain existing customers
 and to keep existing customers engaged so that they continue to purchase products from us. We intend to continue to expand our number of foodservice customers
 both in the United States and internationally
 as part of our growth strategy. This may require us to provide marketing and other financial incentives to our customers to assist in the promotion of our products. Such additional incentives could have a negative impact on gross margin and may not necessarily result in increased sales. In addition
 new national foodservice customers will often initially add certain of our product offerings to their menus at limited locations and/or on a limited test basis
 after which time these customers may choose to no longer offer our products or may ultimately scale back subsequent expansions. If we fail to attract and retain new foodservice customers
 or retain our existing foodservice customers
 our business
Further
 if customers do not perceive our product offerings to be of sufficient value and quality
 or if we fail to offer new and relevant product offerings at a competitive price
 we may not be able to attract or retain customers or engage existing customers so that they continue to purchase products from us. We may lose customers to our competitors if they offer superior products to ours
 we are unable to compete on the basis of value and taste
 if we are unable to meet customers&#8217; orders in a timely manner
Supermarkets in North America and the European Union continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases
 as well as operate with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
For 2020
 Costco accounted for approximately 13% of our gross revenues. The loss of any large customer
Furthermore
 as retailers consolidate
 they may reduce the number of branded products they offer in order to accommodate private label products and generate more competitive terms from branded suppliers competing for limited retailer shelf space. Consequently
reasons that we cannot always anticipate or control
 such as their financial condition
 changes in their business strategy or operations
 the introduction of competing products
 pricing and promotions
 or the perceived quality of our products. Despite operating in different channels
 our retailers sometimes compete for the same consumers as our foodservice channel. Because of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this competition
A significant amount of our revenue is derived from products manufactured at manufacturing facilities owned and operated by our co-manufacturers. Any of the co-manufacturers with whom we do not have a written contract could seek to alter or terminate its relationship with us at any time
 leaving us with periods during which we have limited or no ability to manufacture our products. If we need to replace a co-manufacturer
 there can be no assurance that additional capacity will be available when required on acceptable terms
An interruption in
 or the loss of operations at
 one or more of our co-manufacturing facilities
 which may be caused by work stoppages
 production disruptions
 product quality issues
 disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19)
 acts of war
 terrorism
 fire
 earthquakes
 flooding or other natural disasters at one or more of these facilities
 could delay
 postpone or reduce production of some of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
We believe there are a limited number of competent
 high-quality co-manufacturers in the industry that meet our strict quality and control standards
 and as we seek to continue to obtain additional or alternative co-manufacturing arrangements in the future
 there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so on satisfactory terms
 in a timely manner
 or at all. Additionally
 as we expand our operations internationally
 we will need to develop relationships with co-manufacturers overseas to meet sales demand
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully do so. Therefore
 the loss of one or more co-manufacturers
 any disruption or delay at a co-manufacturer or any failure to identify and engage co-manufacturers for new products
 product extensions and expanded operations could delay
 postpone or reduce production of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
We have manufacturing facilities in the United States
 China and the Netherlands to produce our woven proteins and our finished goods. A natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage
 outbreaks of pandemics or contagious diseases (such as COVID-19) or other calamity at any of these facilities would significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any material amount of our machinery or inventory were damaged
 we would be unable to meet our contractual obligations and cannot predict when
 if at all
 we could replace or repair such machinery
 which could materially adversely affect our business
We may not successfully ramp up operations at our facilities or these facilities may not operate in accordance with our expectations. Moreover
Since June 2018
 we have acquired facilities by purchase or lease in the United States
 China and the Netherlands. Any substantial delay in bringing these facilities up to full production on our current schedule may hinder our ability to produce all of the product needed to meet orders and/or achieve our expected financial performance. Opening these facilities has required
 and will continue to require
 additional capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which has and will continue to divert resources from our existing business or operations. Additionally
 our inability to hire and retain skilled employees at these facilities will severely hamper our expansion plans
 product development and manufacturing efforts. Although the unemployment rate in the Columbia
 Missouri area increased to 4.2% as of December 2020
 labor market conditions remain relatively tight. As a result
 we currently rely on temporary workers in addition to full-time employees
 and in the future
 we may be unable to attract and retain employees with the skills we require
 which could impact our ability to expand our operations. Even if our facilities are brought up to full production according to our current schedule
Our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products is costly to replace or repair and may require substantial lead-time to do so. For example
 our estimate of throughput or our extrusion capacity may be impacted by disruption from extruder lead-in time
 calibration
 maintenance and unexpected delays. In addition
 our ability to procure new extruders may face more lengthy lead times than is typical. We may also not be able to find suitable alternatives with co-manufacturers to replace the output from such equipment on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. In the future
 we may also experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of regulatory issues
 equipment failure
 delays in raw material deliveries or COVID-19 outbreaks. Any such disruption or unanticipated event may cause significant interruptions or delays in our business and the reduction or loss of inventory may render us unable to fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. We have property and business disruption insurance in place for all of our manufacturing facilities; however
 such insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms
If we fail to manage our future growth effectively
We have grown rapidly since inception and anticipate further growth. For example
 our net revenues increased from $16.2 million in 2016 to $406.8 million in 2020. Our full-time employee count as of December 31
 2020 (including contract employees) has grown approximately five-fold since December 31
 2016. This growth has placed significant demands on our management
 financial
 operational
 technological and other resources. The anticipated growth and expansion of our business and our product offerings will continue to place significant demands on our management and operations teams and require significant additional resources to meet our needs
 which may not be available in a cost-effective manner
 or at all. If we do not effectively manage our growth
 we may not be able to execute on our business plan
 respond to competitive pressures
 take advantage of market opportunities
 satisfy customer requirements or maintain high-quality product offerings
 any of which could harm our business
 brand
We may face difficulties as we expand our operations in other countries
We intend to continue to expand our global footprint and enter into new markets. International operations involve a number of risks
 including foreign regulatory compliance
 tariffs
 taxes and exchange controls
 economic downturns
 inflation
 foreign currency fluctuations and political and social instability in the countries in which we operate. Expansion may involve expanding into countries other than those in which we currently operate. It may also involve expanding into less developed countries
 which may have less political
 social or economic stability and less developed infrastructure and legal systems. In addition
 it may be difficult for us to understand and accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in these new geographic markets. It is costly to establish
promote our brands in international markets. As we expand our business into other countries
 we may encounter regulatory
 legal
 personnel
 technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses and/or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries
Our revenue growth rates may slow over time due to a number of reasons
 including the impact of COVID-19
 increasing competition
 market saturation
 slowing demand for our offerings
 increasing regulatory costs and challenges
We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to customers and consumers which may result in reduced margins. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 buy-one-get-one free programs
 off-invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. We anticipate that we will need to continue to offer more trade and promotion discounts to both our retail and foodservice customers
 to match competition pricing and promotions
Fluctuations in our results of operations for our second and third quarters may impact
Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations that may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations. Generally
 we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. As our business continues to grow
 we expect to see additional seasonality effects
 especially within our retail channel
 with revenue contribution from this channel tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year. Any factors that harm our second and third quarter operating results
 including disruptions in our supply chain
 adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions
Failure by our transportation providers to deliver our products on time
 or at all
We currently rely upon third-party transportation providers for a significant portion of our product shipments. Our utilization of delivery services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 employee strikes
 disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19) and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs
 if at all. We periodically change shipping companies
 and we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries. In addition
 we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover
 we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of certain members of our senior management
 including Ethan Brown
 our Founder
have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand
 culture and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
If we are unable to attract
 train and retain employees or maintain our company culture
Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract
 train and retain a sufficient number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and can represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. We believe a critical component of our success has been our company culture and long-standing core values. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations
 or if we fail to preserve our company culture among a larger number of employees dispersed in various geographic regions as we continue to grow and develop the infrastructure associated with being a more mature public company
 our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business
We contract with a professional employer organization
 or U.S. PEO
 that administers our human resources
 payroll and employee benefits functions for our employees in the United States. We also contract with non-U.S. PEOs to perform the same functions as the U.S. PEO for the majority of our employees outside the United States. Although we recruit and select our workers
 each of these workers is also an employee of record of the relevant PEO. As a result
 these workers are compensated through the relevant PEO
 are governed by the work policies created by the relevant PEO and receive their annual wage statements and other payroll or labor related reports from the relevant PEO (e.g.
 W-2s from the U.S. PEO for employees in the United States
 T-4s for employees in Canada). This relationship permits management to focus on operations and profitability rather than payroll administration
 but this relationship also exposes us to some risks. Among other risks
 if the U.S. PEO fails to adequately withhold or pay employer taxes or to comply with other laws
 such as the Fair Labor Standards Act
 the Family and Medical Leave Act
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or state and federal anti-discrimination laws
 each of which is outside of our control
 we would be liable for such violations
 and indemnification provisions with the U.S. PEO
 if applicable
 may not be sufficient to insulate us from those liabilities. If any of the non-U.S. PEOs fail to adequately withhold or pay employer taxes or to comply with applicable laws
 we may be held liable for such violations notwithstanding any indemnification provisions with the non-U.S. PEOs. In certain non-U.S. jurisdictions
 the worker may be deemed a direct employee and the potential liability for any non-compliance with applicable laws increases depending on whether a company has an entity or other corporate presence in the country
Court and administrative proceedings related to matters of employment tax
 labor law and other laws applicable to PEO arrangements could distract management from our business and cause us to incur significant expense. If we were held liable for violations by PEOs
Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business
The global economy can be negatively impacted by a variety of factors such as the spread or fear of spread of contagious diseases (such as COVID-19) in locations where our products are sold
 man-made or natural disasters
 actual or threatened war
 terrorist activity
 political unrest
 civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty. Such adverse and uncertain economic conditions may impact distributor
 retailer
demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
 foodservice customers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns as a result of various factors
 including job losses
 inflation
 higher taxes
 reduced access to credit
 change in federal economic policy and recent international trade disputes. In particular
 consumers may reduce the amount of plant-based food products that they purchase where there are conventional animal-based protein offerings
 which generally have lower retail prices. In addition
 consumers may choose to purchase private label products rather than branded products because they are generally less expensive. A decrease in consumer discretionary spending may also result in consumers reducing the frequency and amount spent on food prepared away from home. Distributors
 retailers and foodservice customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors
 retailer and foodservice customers
 our ability to attract new consumers
In the fourth quarter of 2020
 we completed the acquisition of a manufacturing facility from one of our former co-manufacturers that we intend to use for the production of finished goods. If we experience difficulties with the integration process
 the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be fully realized
 may take longer than expected to realize
 or may not be realized at all
 which could harm our financial condition. In addition
In the future
 we may pursue acquisitions or investments that we believe will help us achieve our strategic objectives. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates
 and even if we do
 we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms
 if at all. If we do complete acquisitions
 we may not ultimately achieve our goals or realize the anticipated benefits. The pursuit of acquisitions and any integration process will require significant time and resources and could divert management time and focus from operation of our then-existing business
 and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. Any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by our customers or consumers. An acquisition
 investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures
 including disrupting our ongoing operations and subjecting us to additional liabilities
 increasing our expenses
 and adversely impacting our business
 financial condition and operating results. Moreover
 we may be exposed to unknown liabilities related to the acquired company or product
 and the anticipated benefits of any acquisition
 investment or business relationship may not be realized if
 for example
 we fail to successfully integrate such acquisition into our company. To pay for any such acquisitions
 we would have to use cash
 incur debt
 or issue debt or equity securities
 each of which may affect our financial condition or the value of our common stock and could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt it would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. Our acquisition strategy could require significant management attention
 disrupt our business and harm our business
There is an increased focus from stockholders and institutional investors on corporate ESG practices. Certain stockholders use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure a company&#8217;s ESG practices and decide whether to invest in their common stock or engage with them to require changes to their practices. In addition
importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. If our ESG practices do not meet the standards set by these stockholders
 they may choose not to invest in our common stock or if our peer companies outperform us in their ESG initiatives
 potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. If we do not comply with investor or stockholder expectations and standards in connection with our ESG initiatives or are perceived to have not responded appropriately to address ESG issues within our company
Our future business
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow certain crops such as Canadian
 European and North American yellow peas
 the vagaries of these farming businesses (including poor harvests impacting the quality of the peas grown)
 changes in national and world economic conditions
 impact of COVID-19
 tariffs
 and our ability to forecast our ingredient requirements. The high quality ingredients used in many of our products are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes and pestilence. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality
 which in turn could reduce the available supply of
 or increase the price of
 quality ingredients. In addition
 we purchase some ingredients offshore
 and the availability of such ingredients may be affected by events in other countries
 including Canada
 France and China. We also compete with other food producers in the procurement of ingredients
 and this competition may increase in the future if consumer demand for plant-based protein products increases. If supplies of quality ingredients are reduced or there is greater demand for such ingredients from us and others
 we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply that meets our strict quality standards on favorable terms
 or at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to distributors and retailers and may adversely affect our business
Food safety and food-borne illness incidents may materially adversely affect our business by exposing us to lawsuits
 product recalls or regulatory enforcement actions
Selling food for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks
 and there is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. Unexpected side effects
 illness
 injury or death related to allergens
 food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents caused by products we sell
 or involving our suppliers or co-manufacturers
 could result in the discontinuance of sales of these products or our relationships with such suppliers or co-manufacturers
 or otherwise result in increased operating costs
 regulatory enforcement actions or harm to our reputation. Shipment of adulterated or misbranded products
 even if inadvertent
 can result in criminal or civil liability. Such incidents could also expose us to product liability
 negligence or other lawsuits
 including consumer class action lawsuits. Any claims brought against us may exceed or be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any judgment against us that is more than our policy limits or not covered by our policies or not subject to insurance would have to be paid from our cash reserves
The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients
 resulting in higher costs
 disruptions in supply and a reduction in our sales. Furthermore
 any instances of food contamination or regulatory noncompliance
 whether or not caused by our actions
 could compel us
 our suppliers
 our distributors or our customers
 depending on the circumstances
 to conduct a recall in accordance with FDA regulations
 comparable state laws or foreign laws such as those of the European Union and the United Kingdom. Food recalls could result in significant losses due to their costs
 the destruction of product inventory
In addition
 food companies have been subject to targeted
 large-scale tampering as well as to opportunistic
 individual product tampering
 and we
 like any food company
 could be a target for product tampering. Forms of tampering could include the introduction of foreign material
 chemical contaminants and pathological organisms into consumer products as well as product substitution. FDA regulations require companies like us to analyze
 prepare and implement mitigation strategies specifically to address tampering (i.e.
 intentional adulteration) designed to inflict widespread public health harm. If we do not adequately address the possibility
 or any actual instance
 of intentional adulteration
 we could face possible seizure or recall of our products and the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions
 which could materially adversely affect our business
The Beyond Burger accounted for approximately 58%
 64% and 70% of our gross revenues in 2020
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The Beyond Burger is our flagship product and has historically been the focal point of our development and marketing efforts
 and we believe that sales of the Beyond Burger will continue to constitute a significant portion of our revenues
 income and cash flow for the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to expand production and distribution of the Beyond Burger
 or that customer demand for our other existing and future products will expand to allow such products to represent a larger percentage of our revenue than they do currently. Accordingly
 any factor adversely affecting sales of the Beyond Burger could have a material adverse effect on our business
A key element of our growth strategy depends on our ability to develop and market new products and improvements to our existing products that meet our standards for quality and appeal to consumer preferences. The success of our innovation and product development efforts is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences
 accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in new geographic markets
 the technical capability of our innovation staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with applicable governmental regulations
 commercialization and scale-up of new products
 and the success of our management and sales and marketing teams in introducing and marketing new products. Our innovation staff members are continuously testing alternative plant-based proteins to the proteins we currently use in our products
 as they seek to find additional protein options to our current ingredients that are more easily sourced
 and which retain and build upon the quality and appeal of our current product offerings. Failure to develop
 commercialize and market new products that appeal to consumers may lead to a decrease in our growth
Additionally
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products
Consumer preferences for our products are difficult to predict and may change
 and
 if we are unable to respond quickly to new trends and demands
Our business is focused on the development
 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of a line of branded plant-based protein products as alternatives to animal-based protein products. Consumer demand could change based on a number of possible factors
 including dietary habits and nutritional values
 concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients and shifts in preference for various product attributes. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business and financial condition would suffer. In addition
plant-based protein or meat-alternative products are subject to evolving consumer preferences that we may not be able to accurately predict or respond to. Consumer trends that we believe favor sales of our products could change based on a number of possible factors
 including a shift in preference from plant-based protein to animal-based protein products
 economic factors and social trends. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products could reduce our sales or our market share and the prestige of our brand
Additionally
 lobbyists supporting the meat industry have engaged in marketing campaigns in an attempt to generate negative publicity regarding our products and may continue to do so in the future. Any shift in consumer perception that our products are not healthy as a result of these campaigns could significantly reduce the value of our brand and damage our business. Other types of adverse publicity concerning our business or the plant-based meat industry generally could also harm our brand
Ingredient and packaging costs are volatile and may rise significantly
We purchase large quantities of raw materials
 including ingredients derived from Canadian
 European and North American yellow peas
 mung beans
 sunflower seeds
 rice
 faba beans
 canola oil and coconut oil. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of cardboard
 film and plastic to package our products. Costs of ingredients and packaging are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 weather conditions
 consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs. Volatility in the prices of raw materials and other supplies we purchase could increase our cost of sales and reduce our profitability. Moreover
 we may not be able to implement price increases for our products to cover any increased costs
 and any price increases we do implement may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in managing our ingredient and packaging costs
 if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our sales volumes
 then such increases in costs will adversely affect our business
We face intense competition in our market from our competitors
 including manufacturers of animal-based meat products and other brands that produce plant-based protein products
Our future success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding supply and distribution
 improving placement of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brand and introducing new products and product extensions
 and expanding into new geographic markets. If we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful
  our sales and operating results will be adversely affected. Our ability to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
manage relationships with various suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and other third parties
 and expend time and effort to integrate new suppliers
 co-manufacturers
Our ability to implement our growth strategy also depends on our ability to continue to compete in the retail and foodservice channels. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Numerous brands and products compete for limited retailer shelf space
 foodservice customers and consumers. In our market
 competition is based on
 among other things
 taste
 nutritional profile
 ingredients
 texture
 ease of integration into the consumer diet
 convenience
 cost
 brand awareness and loyalty among customers
 media spending
 product variety and packaging
 retailer shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 access to foodservice customers and integration into menus
 innovation
 intellectual property protection on products
We compete with conventional animal-protein companies such as Cargill
 Hormel
 JBS
 Perdue Foods
 Tyson and WH Group
 who may have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and whose animal-based products are well-accepted in the marketplace today. They may also have lower operational costs
 and as a result may be able to offer conventional animal meat to customers at lower costs than plant-based meat. This could cause us to lower our prices
 resulting in lower profitability or
 in the alternative
We also compete with other food brands
 including brands affiliated with conventional animal-protein companies and other large food operators
 that develop and sell plant-based protein products
 including
 but not limited to
 Alpha Foods
 Boca Foods (Kraft Heinz)
 Lightlife and Field Roast Grain Meat Co. (Maple Leaf Foods)
 Gardein (Conagra)
 Hungry Planet
 Inc.
 Impossible Foods
 Incogmeato/Morningstar Farms (Kellogg)
 Moving Mountains
 Omn!pork (OmniFoods)
 Tofurky
 Sweet Earth and Awesome Burger (Nestle&#8217; S.A.)
 Pure Farmland by Smithfield Foods (WH Group)
 Raised &amp; Rooted (Tyson)
 Happy Little Plants (Hormel)
 Sysco&#8217;s Simply Plant-Based Meatless Burger
 Tattooed Chef
 The Not Company OZO (Planterra Foods/JBS) and Vegetarian Butcher (Unilever)
 and with companies which may be more innovative
 have more resources and be able to bring new products to market faster and to more quickly exploit and serve niche markets. For example
 a number of U.S. and international companies are working on developing lab-grown or &#8220;clean meat
&#8221; an animal-protein product cultivated from cells taken from animals
 which could have a similar appeal to consumers as plant-based protein products. We compete with these competitors for foodservice customers
Generally
 the food industry is dominated by multinational corporations with substantially greater resources and operations than us. We cannot be certain that we will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater financial
 sales and technical resources. Conventional food companies may acquire our competitors or launch their own plant-based protein products
 and they may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products
 reducing prices or increasing promotional activities
 among other things. Retailers also market competitive products under their own private labels
 which are generally sold at lower prices and compete with some of our products. Similarly
 retailers could change the merchandising of our products and we may be unable to retain the placement of our products in meat cases to effectively compete with animal-protein products. Competitive pressures or other factors could cause us to lose market share
 which may require us to lower prices
 increase marketing and advertising expenditures
 or increase the use of discounting or promotional campaigns
Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 reputation
We believe our consumers rely on us to provide them with high-quality plant-based protein products. Therefore
 real or perceived quality or food safety concerns or failures to comply with applicable food regulations and requirements
 whether or not ultimately based on fact and whether or not involving us (such as incidents involving our competitors)
 could cause negative publicity and reduced confidence in our company
 brand or products
 or the industry as a whole
 which could in turn harm our reputation and sales
 and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. Although we believe we have a rigorous quality control process
standards set for our products
 and although we strive to keep our products free of pathogenic organisms
 they may not be easily detected and cross-contamination can occur. For example
 in 2017
 before our products were shipped to distributors or customers
 we discovered
 through our quality control process
We have no control over our products once purchased by consumers. Accordingly
 consumers may prepare our products in a manner that is inconsistent with our directions or store our products for long periods of time
 which may adversely affect the quality and safety of our products. If consumers do not perceive our products to be safe or of high quality
 then the value of our brand would be diminished
 and our business
Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the ingredients used in our products or in the safety and quality of our products would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of high-quality plant-based protein products and may significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the safety of any of our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand
The growing use of social and digital media by us
 our consumers and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative publicity about us
 our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands
If we fail to develop and maintain our brand
We have developed a strong and trusted brand that has contributed significantly to the success of our business
 and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of the Beyond Meat brand. Maintaining
 promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend on
 among other factors
 the success of our plant-based product offerings
 food safety
 quality assurance
 marketing and merchandising efforts
 the nutritional benefits provided by our products and our ability to provide a consistent
 high-quality customer experience. Any negative publicity
 regardless of its accuracy
 could materially adversely affect our business. Brand value is based on perceptions of subjective qualities
 and any incident that erodes the loyalty of our customers
 suppliers or co-manufacturers
 including adverse publicity or a governmental investigation or litigation
Our international expansion into China could expose us to substantial business
 regulatory
 political
Our expansion into China could expose us to substantial risks associated with doing business in China
 such as
 taxation
 inflation
 environmental regulations
 foreign currency exchange rates
 the labor market and property and financial regulations. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in
 or our failure to comply with
 Chinese laws and regulations. In addition
 our China subsidiary directly employs our workforce in China
 which exposes us to risks associated with any changes to the employment and labor laws in China
 which could increase our operating costs in China. There is also significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies
 treaties
is no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption laws. If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws
 we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties
 disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures
 and legal expenses
 which could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and liquidity. Likewise
 any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws or trade control laws by the United States could also have an adverse impact on our reputation
 our business
Our manufacturing operations in China require substantial investments
In the third quarter of 2020
 we entered into an investment agreement and related factory leasing contract to design and develop manufacturing facilities in the Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone to manufacture plant-based meat products under our Beyond Meat brand in China. Our substantial investment in China may expose us to substantial risks and as a result
 we may not realize a return on our investment. There may be unforeseen delays in the development of our Chinese manufacturing facility which may incur additional expenses. Opening this facility may require additional capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business or operations. Even if our new Chinese facility is brought up to full production according to our current schedule
 it may not provide us with all of the operational and financial benefits we expect to receive. These and other risks may result in our not realizing a return on
 or losing some or all
 of our planned investments in China
We have direct ownership of certain real estate properties. As is the case with any owner of real property
 we are subject to potential liabilities
 cost and damages arising out of owning
 operating
Joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations
The nature of a joint venture requires us to share control in certain areas with unaffiliated third parties. If our joint venture partner does not fulfill its obligations
 the affected joint venture may not be able to operate in accordance with its business plan. Under such a scenario
 our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be compelled to increase the level of our resources devoted to the joint venture. Also
 differing views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions
 or failure to agree on major issues. If such differences caused a joint venture to deviate from its business plan
Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property
 Information Technology
We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology adequately
Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We rely on a combination of patent protection
 where appropriate and available
 copyrights
 trade secrets and trademark laws
 as well as confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. However
 these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our proprietary technology or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. As of December 31
 2020
 we had one issued U.S. patent and one issued patent in the U.K. and 18 pending patent applications
We cannot offer any assurances about which
 if any
 patents will issue from these applications
 the breadth of any such patents
 or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or
 if applicable in the future
 licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of products that we may develop. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing (in most cases 18 months after the filing of the priority application)
 we cannot be certain that we were the first to file on the technologies covered in several of the patent applications related to our technologies or products. Furthermore
 a derivation proceeding can be provoked by a third party
 or instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 or USPTO
Patent law can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important principles remain unresolved. In the United States and in many international jurisdictions
 policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in patents can be inconsistent and/or unclear. The U.S. Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have made
 and will likely continue to make
 changes in how the patent laws of the United States are interpreted. Similarly
 international courts and governments have made
 and will continue to make
We may not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our business. Our trademarks
 including Beyond Meat
 Beyond Burger
 Beyond Beef
 Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 Beyond Chicken
 Beyond Fried Chicken
 Beyond Meatball
 the Caped Steer Logo
 Go Beyond
 Eat What You Love
 The Cookout Classic
 The Future of Protein
 and The Future of Protein Beyond Meat
 are valuable assets that reinforce our brand and consumers&#8217; favorable perception of our products. We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations and other trade secrets and copyright protection to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our continued success depends
 to a significant degree
 upon our ability to protect and preserve our intellectual property
 including our trademarks
 trade dress
 trade secrets and copyrights. We rely on confidentiality agreements and trademark
Our confidentiality agreements with our employees and certain of our consultants
 contract employees
 suppliers and independent contractors
 including some of our co-manufacturers who use our formulations to manufacture our products
 generally require that all information made known to them be kept strictly confidential. Nevertheless
 trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we attempt to protect our trade secrets
 our confidentiality agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such information. If we do not keep our trade secrets confidential
 others may produce products with our recipes or formulations. In addition
 others may independently discover our trade secrets
 in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights against such parties. Further
 some of our formulations have been developed by or with our suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result
 we may not be able to prevent others from using similar formulations. As we begin to expand globally as part of our growth strategy
 we may face additional risks protecting our trade secrets internationally
We cannot assure you that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights are adequate
 that our intellectual property rights can be successfully defended and asserted in the future or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate any such rights. In addition
 our trademark rights and related registrations may be challenged in the future and could be canceled or narrowed. Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks
our brand and products. Moreover
 intellectual property disputes and proceedings and infringement claims may result in a significant distraction for management and significant expense
 which may not be recoverable regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings may be protracted with no certainty of success
 and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities
 force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other intellectual property or force us to enter into licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our business
Additionally
 the laws of certain international jurisdictions in which our products may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As a result
 we may not be able to effectively prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise misappropriating our trademark rights in such jurisdictions. Moreover
 failure to obtain adequate trademark rights in these foreign jurisdictions could negatively impact our ability to expand our business and launch products in certain international markets. Further
 we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized third parties that obtain the rights to our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions where we have not yet applied for trademark protections
 and we may expend substantial cost to obtain those trademarks from such third parties. Any one of these occurrences could reduce our competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business
We rely on information technology systems and any inadequacy
 failure
We are dependent on various information technology systems
 including
 but not limited to
 networks
 applications and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and loss of sales
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
 viruses and security breaches
A cybersecurity incident
 other technology disruptions or failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to privacy and the protection of data relating to individuals could negatively impact our business
We use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices
 social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees
 suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. Such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks
 including security breaches
 espionage
 system disruption
 theft and inadvertent release of information. Moreover
 we have transitioned a significant subset of our office-based employee population to a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic
 which may exacerbate certain of these risks due to an increase in the number of points of potential attack
 such as laptops and mobile devices. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property
 including customers&#8217; and suppliers&#8217; information
 private information about employees and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. Further
 as we pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure
 potentially including acquisitions
 we may also be expand and improve our information technologies
 resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives or acquisitions
 we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally
 while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents
 our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft
 destruction
 loss
 misappropriation
 or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property
 or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely
 could result in business disruption
 negative publicity
 brand damage
 violation of privacy laws
 loss of customers
 potential liability and competitive disadvantage all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
In addition
 we are subject to laws
 rules and regulations in the United States
 the European Union and other jurisdictions relating to the collection
 use and security of personal information and data. Such data privacy laws
 regulations and other obligations may require us to change our business practices and may negatively impact our ability to expand our business and pursue business opportunities. We may incur significant expenses to comply with the laws
 regulations and other obligations that apply to us. Additionally
 the privacy- and data protection-related laws
 rules and regulations applicable to us are subject to significant change. Several jurisdictions have passed new laws and regulations in this area
 and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. For example
 our operations are subject to the European Union&#8217;s General Data Protection Regulation
 which imposes data privacy and security requirements on companies doing business in the European Union
 including substantial penalties for non-compliance. The California Consumer Privacy Act (the &#8220;CCPA&#8221;)
 which went into effect on January 1
 2020
 imposes similar requirements on companies handling data of California residents and creates a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for (i) violations of the CCPA and (ii) businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. Privacy- and data protection-related laws and regulations also may be interpreted and enforced inconsistently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Any actual or perceived inability to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws
 regulations
 or other obligations could result in significant cost and liability
 litigation or governmental investigations
 damage our reputation
Risks Related to Our Lease Obligations
 Indebtedness
If the build out of our new El Segundo
 California corporate headquarters is delayed
 the headquarters does not operate in accordance with our expectations or occupancy rates are lower than anticipated
On January 14
 2021
 we entered into a lease agreement for an initial term of 12 years to develop and house our new corporate headquarters
 lab and innovation space (&#8220;Headquarters&#8221;) in El Segundo
 California. Development of the Headquarters has commenced and occupancy is currently expected to take place by the end of 2021. There can be no assurances that the Headquarters will be ready for occupancy on or before the expected occupancy date due to force majeure events (such as COVID-19) or the risk of delays or cost overruns inherent in construction development projects
In addition
 it is possible that
 once built
 there could be unanticipated difficulties in initiating operations at the Headquarters
 including
 but not limited to
 IT system interruptions
 other infrastructure support problems or the space may prove to be less conducive to our operations than currently anticipated. These risks could all result in operational inefficiencies or similar difficulties that could prove difficult or impossible to remediate and have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Moreover
 we are uncertain as to the impact COVID-19 will have on our ability to timely occupy the Headquarters once construction is complete. The current COVID-19 restrictions on business operations and social distancing measures could continue past our expected occupancy date
We are also uncertain as to the impact COVID-19 will have on our future space demands. If we are unable to occupy the complete Headquarters space
 we may have to sublease the unoccupied portion of the Headquarters. A sublease agreement would be subject to certain risks and uncertainties
We currently have
 and will continue to have
 significant lease obligations
We currently have
 and will continue to have
 significant lease obligations for our corporate offices
If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to fund these expenses
 we may not be able to meet our lease obligations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business. Furthermore
Covenants in our revolving credit agreement may restrict our operations and the ongoing needs of our business
 and if we do not effectively manage our business to comply with these covenants
In 2020
 we entered into a five-year secured revolving credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. and the lenders party thereto
 providing for a $150 million secured revolving line of credit
 which includes an accordion feature for up to an additional $200 million. The 2020 Credit Agreement (as defined herein) contains various restrictive financial covenants
 including
 among other things
 maintenance of (i) a maximum total leverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00
 in each case
 on a quarterly basis. The 2020 Credit Agreement also contains certain restrictive covenants
 including limitations on incurrence of indebtedness
 creation of liens
 making acquisitions
 loans or other investments
 disposition of assets
 payment of dividends and other restricted payments
 and entering into transactions with affiliates
 in each case
 subject to certain exceptions. We
 therefore
 may not be able to engage in any of the foregoing transactions unless we obtain the consent of our lenders or terminate the 2020 Credit Agreement. These restrictions may restrict our current and future operations
 particularly our ability to respond to certain changes in our business or industry
 or take future actions. Additionally
 we may be unable to borrow funds under our 2020 Credit Agreement if we fail to satisfy certain conditions
 including compliance with our financial and other restrictive covenants. Pursuant to the 2020 Credit Agreement
Our ability to meet these restrictive covenants can be impacted by events beyond our control and we may be unable to do so. The 2020 Credit Agreement provides that our breach or failure to satisfy certain covenants constitutes an event of default. The 2020 Credit Agreement also provides for other customary events of default
 including (among others) nonpayment
 breaches of representations or warranties
 bankruptcy and insolvency events and a change of control. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under its debt agreements to be immediately due and payable and commitments of the lenders may be terminated. In addition
 our lenders would have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral pursuant to the 2020 Credit Agreement. If the debt under the 2020 Credit Agreement was to be accelerated
 we may not have sufficient cash on hand or be able to sell sufficient collateral to repay it
 which would have an immediate adverse effect on our business
 liquidity
We exceeded the maximum permitted total leverage ratio financial covenant in the 2020 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31
 2020; however
 subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on February 25
 2021
We may require additional financing to achieve our goals
 and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms
 or at all
 may force us to delay
 limit
 reduce or terminate our product manufacturing and development
Since our inception
 substantially all of our resources have been dedicated to the development of our three core plant-based product platforms of beef
 pork and poultry
 including purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 principally to support the development and production of our products
 the build-out and equipping of our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
expected to include costs associated with research and development
 manufacturing and supply
 as well as marketing and selling existing and new products. In addition
As of December 31
 2020
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $159.1 million. Our operating plan may change because of factors currently unknown to us
 and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned
 through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources
 such as strategic collaborations. Such financing may result in dilution to stockholders
 imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations
 or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. In addition
Our future capital requirements depend on many factors
the scope
 progress
any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us
 including the costs associated with our current litigation with a former co-manufacturer
the costs involved in preparing
 filing
 prosecuting
 maintaining
 defending and enforcing intellectual property claims
the timing
 receipt and amount of sales of
 or royalties on
 any future approved products
Additional funds may not be available when we need them
 on terms that are acceptable to us
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis
delay
 limit
 reduce or terminate our manufacturing
delay
 limit
Risks Related to the Environment
A major earthquake
 tsunami
We have offices
 co-manufacturing and manufacturing facilities located in the United States and internationally.  The impact of a major earthquake
 tsunami
 tornado
 or other natural disaster at any of our facilities and overall operations is difficult to predict
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. If such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as yellow peas
 mung beans
 sunflowers
 rice
 faba bean
 canola oil and coconut oil. Due to climate change
 we may also be subjected to decreased availability of water
 deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water
If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls
 our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired
Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. We are in the process of upgrading our information technology systems and implementing additional financial and management controls
 reporting systems and procedures in order to keep up with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act. Additionally
As a public company
 we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation
Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
 the market price of our common stock could decline
 and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by NASDAQ
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly
 because of the inherent limitations in our control system
The requirements of being a public company will require us to incur increased costs and may strain our resources
As a public company
 we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act which requires
 among other things
 that we file with the SEC annual
 quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 as well as related rules adopted by the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 impose significant requirements on public companies
 including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further
 we are required to comply with certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 or the Dodd-Frank Act
 as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC related to corporate governance and executive compensation
 such as &#8220;say on pay&#8221; and proxy access. As such
 we have and will continue to incur additional compliance-related expenses. Additionally
Stockholder activism
 the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations
 which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact
 in ways we cannot currently anticipate
 the manner in which we operate our business. We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns
 they could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. Furthermore
 these rules and regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability insurance
 and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage and higher self-insured retention amounts
 or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors
Our share price has been and may continue to be highly volatile
The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors discussed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section
the effects of COVID-19; general economic
 market and political conditions
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results
announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
issuance of new or updated research or reports about us or our industry
disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights
 including patents
our indebtedness and ability to pay such indebtedness
other events or factors
Furthermore
 the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations
 as well as general economic
 political and market conditions such as recessions
 interest rate changes
 tariffs
 international currency fluctuations
 or the effects of disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19)
 may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past
 companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. For example
 we are currently subject to multiple shareholder derivative lawsuits related
 in part
 to a securities case filed against us alleging federal securities law violations with respect to past disclosure
 which case has since been dismissed with prejudice. Securities litigation
 and any other type of litigation
 brought against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales
 or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares
 could reduce the market price of our common stock. Moreover
 certain holders of our common stock have rights
 subject to certain conditions
 to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We also have registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans following the IPO or that are issuable upon exercise of outstanding options following the IPO. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and once vested
 subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. If any of these additional shares are sold
 or if it is perceived that they will be sold
 in the public market
If securities or industry analysts issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our business or publish unfavorable research about our business
The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. Moreover
 if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us
 our business model or our stock performance
 or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of the investor community
We have never paid dividends on our capital stock and we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. Consequently
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Accordingly
 investors should rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation
 which may never occur
providing for a classified board of directors with staggered
providing that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office
prohibiting the adoption
These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors
 which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition
 the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law
 or the DGCL
 govern us. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders
 in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock
These and other provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts
Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders
 which could limit our stockholders&#8217; ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
 or other wrongdoing by
 any of our directors
 officers
any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL
 our restated certificate of incorporation
any action to interpret
 apply
provided
 that with respect to any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder
 the exclusive forum will be the federal district courts of the United States of America. Our restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933
These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder&#8217;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors
 officers
 or other employees
 which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors
 As of December&#160;31
 2020
 we had accumulated federal
 state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $344.2&#160;million
 $92.5&#160;million and $1.3 million
 respectively. Approximately $252.4&#160;million of the federal net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal
 state and foreign tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031
 2032 and 2025 respectively
The limitations apply if a corporation undergoes an &#8220;ownership change
&#8221; which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period. We have experienced several ownership changes none of which is expected to result in a material limitation on the future use of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards generated prior to these ownership changes. However
 any future changes in our stock ownership
 which may be outside of our control
 may trigger an ownership change and
 consequently
 Section 382 and 383 limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result
 if we earn net taxable income
 our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset such taxable income may be subject to limitations
 which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to us. We are currently analyzing whether and to what extent we have experienced an ownership change pursuant to Section 382; and to the extent such change occurred
Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters
Our operations are subject to FDA governmental regulation and other foreign
 federal
 state and local regulation
Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 and other foreign
 federal
 state and local authorities. Specifically
 for products manufactured or sold in the United States we are subject to the requirements of the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 labeling and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA requires that facilities that manufacture food products comply with a range of requirements
 including hazard analysis and preventive controls regulations
 current good manufacturing practices
 or cGMPs
 and supplier verification requirements. Comparable regulations apply in foreign jurisdictions such as the European Union and the United Kingdom. Our processing and manufacturing facilities
 including those of our co-manufacturers
 are subject to periodic inspection by foreign
 federal
 state and local authorities. We do not control the manufacturing processes of
 and rely upon
 our co-manufacturers for compliance with cGMPs for the manufacturing of our products by our co-manufacturers. If we or our co-manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture products that conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other non-U.S. regulators
 we or they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions
 which could materially impact our ability to market our products
to continue manufacturing for us
 or could result in a recall of our product that has already been distributed. In addition
 we rely upon our co-manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control
 quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable state
 local or foreign regulatory authority determines that we or these co-manufacturers have not complied with the applicable regulatory requirements
We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal experience and expert personnel to ensure quality-assurance compliance (i.e.
 assuring that our products are not adulterated or misbranded) and contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analyses of products to ensure compliance with nutrition labeling requirements and to identify any potential contaminants before distribution. Failure by us or our co-manufacturers to comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits
 licenses or registrations relating to our or our co-manufacturers&#8217; operations could subject us to civil remedies or penalties
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 warning letters
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of products
 or refusals to permit the import or export of products
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
Legal claims
We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently
 we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims
 government investigations or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 there can be no assurance that our employees
 temporary workers
 contractors or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims
 government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition and operating results. In addition
We are subject to extensive regulations internationally where we manufacture
 distribute and/or sell our products. Our products are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations relating to the sourcing
 manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 storing
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of these products. For example
 in early 2018
 we received an inquiry from Canadian officials about the labeling and composition of products that we export to Canada. We responded promptly to that inquiry
 identifying minor formulation changes that we made under Canadian regulations. If regulators determine that the labeling and/or composition of any of our products is not in compliance with Canadian law or regulations
 or if we or our co-manufacturers otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations in Canada or other jurisdictions
 we could be subject to civil remedies or penalties
 such as fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 warning letters
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the products
 or refusals to permit the import or export of products
 as well as potential criminal sanctions. In addition
 enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal requirements and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations
 financial or otherwise
 that could adversely affect our business
 financial condition or operating results. In addition
 with our expanding international operations
 we could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA
 and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws
 which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws
 our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees
 contractors or agents. Violations of these laws
 or allegations of such violations
 could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Changes in existing laws or regulations
 or the adoption of new laws or regulations may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business
The manufacture and marketing of food products is highly regulated. We
 our suppliers and co-manufacturers are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business
 including the manufacture
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 advertising
 sale
 quality and safety of our products
In the United States
 we are subject to regulation by various government agencies
 including the FDA
 FTC
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency
 as well as the requirements of various state and local agencies
 including
 in California
 the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (&#8220;Proposition 65&#8221;). We are also regulated outside the United States by various international regulatory bodies. In addition
 we are subject to certain third-party private standards
 such as Global Food Safety Initiative
 or GFSI
 standards and review by voluntary organizations
 such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus&#8217; National Advertising Division. We could incur costs
 including fines
 penalties and third-party claims
 because of any violations of
 or liabilities under
 such requirements
 including any competitor or consumer challenges relating to compliance with such requirements. For example
 in connection with the marketing and advertisement of our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising
 including under the auspices of the FTC and the consumer protection statutes of some states. Such claims could include challenges to our label or labeling claims that
 if successful
 could require us to make labeling changes and/or pay monetary damages. In connection with the composition of our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to perceived health risks
The regulatory environment in which we operate could change significantly and adversely in the future. Any change in manufacturing
 labeling or packaging requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in production
 either of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. New or revised government laws and regulations could result in additional compliance costs and
compliance
 civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which may adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In particular
 recent federal
Any changes in
 or changes in the interpretation of
 applicable laws
 regulations or policies of the FDA or U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA
 state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities that relate to the use of the word &#8220;meat&#8221; or other similar words in connection with plant-based protein products could adversely affect our business
 prospects
The FDA and the USDA
 state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities
 such as Health Canada or the CFIA
 or authorities of the UK
 the EU or the EU member states
 could take action to impact our ability to use the term &#8220;meat&#8221; or similar words (such as &#8220;beef&#8221;
 &#8220;burger&#8221; or &#8220;sausage&#8221;) to describe or advertise our products. In addition
 a food may be deemed misbranded if its labeling is false or misleading in any particular way
 and the FDA
 CFIA
For example
 in 2018
 the state of Missouri passed a law prohibiting any person engaged in advertising
 offering for sale
 or sale of food products from misrepresenting a product as meat that is not derived from harvested production livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which include prominent disclosure that the product is &#8220;made from plants
&#8221; or comparable disclosure such as through the use of the phrase &#8220;plant-based
&#8221; are not misrepresented under the Missouri law. Additional states
 including Mississippi
 Louisiana
 and Oklahoma
 have subsequently passed similar laws
 and legislation
 that would impose additional requirements on plant-based meat products is currently pending in a number of other states. The United States Congress recently considered (but did not pass) federal legislation
 called the Real MEAT Act
 that could require changes to our product labeling and marketing
 including identifying products as &#8220;imitation&#8221; meat products
 and that would give USDA certain oversight over the labeling of plant-based meat products. If similar bills gain traction and ultimately become law
 we could be required to identify our products as &#8220;imitation&#8221; in our product labels. Further
 the USDA has received a petition from the cattle industry requesting that USDA exclude products not derived from the tissue or flesh of animals that have been harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;meat
&#8221; and exclude products not derived from cattle born
 raised and harvested in the traditional manner from being labeled and marketed as &#8220;beef.&#8221; The USDA has not yet responded substantively to this petition but has indicated that the petition is being considered as a petition for a policy change under the USDA&#8217;s regulations. We do not believe that USDA has the statutory authority to regulate plant-based products under the current legislative framework. Canadian Food and Drug Regulations also provide requirements for &#8220;simulated meat&#8221; products
In Europe
 the Agriculture Committee of the European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of &#8220;meat&#8221; and meat-related terms and names for products that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals. In October 2020
 the European Parliament rejected the adoption of this provision. In the absence of European Union legislation
 Member States remain free to establish national restrictions on meat-related names. In June 2020
 France adopted a prohibition on using names to indicate foodstuffs of animal origin to describe
 market
 or promote foodstuffs containing vegetable proteins. An implementing decree will likely be entered into force on July 1
 2021
 to define e.g. the sanctions in case of non-compliance. We do not believe that the new French bill complies with the laws of the European Union
 in particular the principle of free movement of goods. We also note that this prohibition has not been appropriately notified to the European Commission
 and that as a result the prohibition is in principle non-enforceable. Should regulatory authorities take action with respect to the use of the term &#8220;meat&#8221; or similar terms
 such that we are unable to use those terms with respect to our plant-based products
 we could be subject to enforcement action or recall of our products marketed with these terms
 we may be required to modify our marketing strategy
 or required to identify our products as &#8220;imitation&#8221; in our product labels
 and our business
 prospects
September 2020
 three meat trade associations announced that they had initiated a lawsuit against a French plant-based meat company for unfair competition and violating the prohibition on meaty names of June 2020. To the best of our knowledge
 the lawsuit has not been filed yet. In October 2020
 a French trade association representing the cattle industry sent a cease-and-desist letter to one of our contract manufacturers alleging that the use of &#8220;meat&#8221; and meat-related terms is misleading the French consumer.  In February 2021
 one of our distributors in Switzerland received a similar communication from the regional authority in the canton of Argau. We do not believe these allegations have any basis in law or fact. As of March 1
 2021
 we continued to be actively engaged in negotiations to settle these disputes. Nonetheless
 despite our best efforts
 these disputes could result in litigation before the French and/or Swiss courts
Failure by our suppliers of raw materials or co-manufacturers to comply with food safety
 environmental or other laws and regulations
 or with the specifications and requirements of our products
If our suppliers or co-manufacturers fail to comply with food safety
 environmental or other laws and regulations
 or face allegations of non-compliance
 their operations may be disrupted. Additionally
 our co-manufacturers are required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with our product specifications and our suppliers must supply ingredients that meet our internal quality standards. In the event of actual or alleged non-compliance
 we might be forced to find an alternative supplier or co-manufacturer and we may be subject to lawsuits related to such non-compliance by our suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result
 our supply of raw materials or finished inventory could be disrupted or our costs could increase
 which would adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. The failure of any co-manufacturer to produce products that conform to our standards could adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls
 product liability claims and economic loss. For example
 some of our co-manufacturers also process products with textured vegetable protein
 a GMO product
 or animal protein and while we require them to process our products in separate designated quarters in their facilities
 cross-contamination may occur and result in genetically modified organisms or animal protein in our supply chain. Additionally
 actions we may take to mitigate the impact of any disruption or potential disruption in our supply of raw materials or finished inventory
 including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential supply or production interruption
 may adversely affect our business
From time to time
 we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we may establish reserves
For example
 on May 25
 2017
 following our termination of our supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 a former co-manufacturer
 Don Lee Farms filed a lawsuit against us in California state court claiming
 among other things
On July 27
 2017 we filed a cross-complaint
 alleging that Don Lee Farms (1) breached the supply agreement
 including by failing to provide salable product
 as certain of our products manufactured by Don Lee Farms were contaminated with salmonella and other foreign objects
 and that Don Lee Farms did not take appropriate actions to address these issues; (2) engaged in unfair competition in violation of California&#8217;s Unfair Competition Law; and (3) unlawfully converted certain Beyond Meat property
equipment. In October 2018
 Don Lee Farms filed an amended complaint that added ProPortion Foods
 LLC (one of Beyond Meat&#8217;s current contract manufacturers) as a defendant
 principally for claims arising from ProPortion&#8217;s alleged use of Don Lee Farms&#8217; alleged trade secrets
 and for replacing Don Lee Farms as one of Beyond Meat&#8217;s current co-manufacturers. ProPortion filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity
 contribution
 and repayment. On March 11
 2019
 Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against us. On May 30
 2019
 the judge denied our motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed. On June 19
 2019
On January 24
 2020
 a writ judge granted Don Lee Farms a right to attach in the amount of $628
On January 27
 2020
 Don Lee Farms filed a third amended complaint to add three individual defendants
 all of whom are current or former employees of ours
 including Mark Nelson
 our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 to Don Lee Farms&#8217; existing fraud claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraudulent misrepresentations. On June 23
 2020
 the judge denied Beyond Meat and the individual defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed. On July 6
 2020
 the Company and the individual defendants filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims
On August 11
 2020
 Beyond Meat filed an amended cross-complaint against Don Lee Farms
 its parent Goodman Food Products
 Inc.
 and its owners and employees
 Donald
 Daniel
 and Brandon Goodman. Among other claims
 the amended cross-complaint alleges that Don Lee Farms defrauded Beyond Meat
 misappropriated its trade secrets
On January 28
 2021
 Don Lee Farms filed a motion for summary adjudication on its breach of contract and money owed claims and on Beyond Meat&#8217;s breach of contract claims. The trial judge has yet to determine the merits of this motion
 and the hearing is currently scheduled for April 16
 2021. On February 18
 2021
 Don Lee Farms and Donald
 Daniel and Brandon Goodman filed a motion for summary adjudication on Beyond Meat&#8217;s fraud
 negligent misrepresentation
 and conversion claims. The trial judge has yet to determine the merits of these motions
 and the hearing is currently scheduled for May 7
On February 16
 2021
 the Court entered an order consolidating this action with an action that Don Lee Farms filed against CLW Foods
 LLC
 a current Beyond Meat contract manufacturer. On February 22
 2021
 CLW Foods
The previous trial date
 June 14
 2021
 was continued. Trial is currently set for September 27
Don Lee Farms is seeking from us
 the individual defendants
 and ProPortion unspecified compensatory and punitive damages
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of our use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. We are seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages
 restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms
 injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of Don Lee Farms&#8217; use or disclosure of Beyond Meat&#8217;s trade secrets and the prohibition of Don Lee Farms&#8217; infringing use of Beyond Meat&#8217;s trademarks
 attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. ProPortion is seeking indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment from us of any or all damages that ProPortion may be found liable to Don Lee Farms
We believe we were justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 that we did not misappropriate Don Lee Farms&#8217; alleged trade secrets
 that we are not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the third amended complaint
 that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in our amended cross-complaint
 and that we are not liable to ProPortion for any indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment
We intend to vigorously defend ourselves and our current and former employees against the claims and prosecute our own. However
 we cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or ProPortion will not prevail in all or some of their claims against us or the individual defendants
 or that we will prevail in some or all of our claims against Don Lee Farms. For example
 if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit
 we could be required to pay damages
 including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what we would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce our products through 2019
 the end of the contract term
 and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of our products or in the products themselves
 and thus claim a stake in the value we have derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after we terminated our supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. As another example
On January 30
 2020
 Larry Tran
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to our public disclosures regarding our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2
 2019 to January 27
 2020. The Court appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel on May 18
 2020
 and a First Amended Complaint (&#8220;FAC&#8221;) was filed on July 1
 2020. The FAC names the same defendants
 proposes the same class period
 and similarly asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to our public disclosures regarding our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms. We filed a motion to dismiss on behalf of all defendants on July 31
 2020. On October 8
 2020
 the Court entered an opinion and order granting defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss with leave to amend. Plaintiffs did not file an amended complaint by the deadline set by the Court. As a result
 on October 27
 2020
 the Court entered an order dismissing the action with prejudice
 except for the class allegations of absent putative class members
 which were dismissed without prejudice. The dismissal is final
On March 16
 2020
 Eric Weiner
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors
 including one former director
 who signed our initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 16
 2020
On March 18
 2020
 Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein
 purported shareholders of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors who signed our initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 18
 2020
On April 1
 2020
 the United States District Court for the Central District of California entered an order consolidating the Weiner action and the Brink action for all purposes and designated the consolidated case In re: Beyond Meat
 Inc. Derivative Litigation. On April 13
 2020
 the Court entered an order appointing co-lead counsel for the consolidated derivative action. On June 23
 2020
Stipulation Regarding Stay of Actions. Under the terms of the stay approval order
 all proceedings in the consolidated derivative case are stayed until (1) the securities class action is dismissed
 with prejudice
 and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. We are unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On May 27
 2020
 Kevin Chew
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors
 including one former director
 who signed our initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act and claims of breaches of fiduciary duty
 relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to May 27
 2020. On June 16
 2020
 the Court entered an order staying all proceedings in the derivative action until (1) the securities class action is dismissed
 with prejudice
 and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. On June 17
 2020
 the Court entered an order administratively closing the derivative case based on the stay order. We are unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On June 17
 2020
 James Janolek
 purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of our executive officers
 our President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of our directors
 including one former director
 who signed our initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to our ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to June 17
 2020. On July 10
 2020
 the Court entered an order staying all proceedings in the derivative action until (1) the securities class action is dismissed
 with prejudice
 and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. On July 10
 2020
 the Court entered an order administratively closing the derivative case based on the stay order. On November 9
 2020
Even when not merited
 the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management&#8217;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain
 and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages
 penalties or injunctive relief against us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation
 even if fully indemnified or insured
Furthermore
 while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities
 such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to self-insured retentions
 various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance
 insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons
 which may affect the timing and
 if the insurers prevail
In the second quarter of 2020
 we acquired land and a 46
000 square foot manufacturing facility where we produce our woven protein
 in Enschede
 the Netherlands. In the fourth quarter of 2020
approximately 19.34 acres of land and approximately 92
000 square foot manufacturing facility and related improvements from a former co-manufacturer
In addition to our headquarters
 we lease approximately 30
000 square feet for our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in El Segundo
 California under a 5-year lease expiring January 31
 2022
 subject to an option to extend for an additional 24 months. Our primary production facilities for our woven protein and dry blends are located in Columbia
 Missouri. We lease three manufacturing facilities consisting of approximately 26
000 square feet under a lease expiring June 30
 2022
 approximately 64
000 square feet under a lease expiring July 31
 2025
 subject to automatic extensions for two consecutive three-year periods in accordance with the terms of the lease unless we provide notice terminating the lease at least one year before its expiration date
 and approximately 142
317 square feet leased in the second quarter of 2020
 expiring April 30
In the third quarter of 2020
 we and BYND JX entered into an investment agreement and related factory leasing contract to design and develop manufacturing facilities in the Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone to manufacture plant-based meat products. Renovations in the leased facility
 which is approximately 38
000 square feet
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 14
 2021
 we entered into a 12-year lease with two 5-year renewal options to house our corporate headquarters
 lab and innovation space in El Segundo
 California. See 
 
We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The Company establishes an accrued liability for legal matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. Although the outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 management is not currently able to estimate the reasonable possible amount of loss or range of loss and does not believe that it is probable that the ultimate resolution of the current matters will have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 the final results of any current or future proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty
 and until there is final resolution on any such matter that we may be required to accrue for
 we may be exposed to loss in excess of the amount accrued. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs
 diversion of management resources
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings
 please see 
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;BYND&#8221; on May 2
 2019. Prior to that date
As of February&#160;26
 2021
The Company has not declared or paid any dividends
The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed &#8220;soliciting material&#8221; or to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the SEC
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
 whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act
The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock from May 2
 2019
 the first day of trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 through December 31
 2020
 relative to the performance of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S&amp;P Food and Beverage Select Index
 a peer group that includes Beyond Meat. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100.00 at the close of trading on May 2
Copyright&#169; 2021 Standard &amp; Poor's
The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&#8221;  &#8220;Risk Factors
(in thousands
Year Ended December 31
406
297
87
32
16
284
198
70
34
22
122
99
17
(2
(6
31
20
9
5
5
Selling
133
74
34
17
12
6
4
1
3
171
100
45
26
18
(49
(27
(28
(24
(2
(3
(1
(1
(12
(1
Other
3
Total other expense
(3
(11
(1
(1
(52
(12
(29
(30
(25
(52
(12
(29
(30
(25
62
290
42
274
6
287
5
457
4
566
As of December 31
159
275
54
243
355
77
Property
 plant and equipment
115
47
30
468
451
133
25
30
30
1
199
367
384
(121
750)
 Restructuring
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 and 
 Commitments and Contingencies&#8212;Litigation
(2)   Reflects remeasurement of warrant liability in the years ended December 31
 2017
 2018 and 2019. See 
 Debt&#8212;Stock Warrant Liability
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
 Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report
(4)   For the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 all common stock and per share amounts have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect the 3-for-2 reverse stock split of our common stock on January 2
 2019. See 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&#8212;Reverse Stock Split
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
 Stockholders&#8217; Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those set forth in Part I
 Item 1A
 &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; and &#8220;Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#8221; included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report
Beyond Meat is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States
 offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build meat directly from plants
 an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste
 texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our plant-based meat products. Our brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; represents a strong belief that there is a better way to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make
 no matter how small
 can have a great impact on our personal health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat
 we can positively impact four growing global issues: human health
 climate change
 constraints on natural resources and animal welfare. The success of our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers
 including those who typically eat animal-based meats
We sell a range of plant-based products across the three main meat platforms of beef
 pork and poultry.  As of December&#160;31
 2020
 our products were available at approximately 122
000 retail and foodservice outlets in more than 80 countries worldwide
 across mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club
 convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 and various food-away-from-home channels
 including restaurants
 foodservice outlets and schools. To make plant-based meat accessible to more consumers
 in August 2020
 we launched an e-commerce site and began offering our products direct to consumers in bulk packs
 mixed product bundles
 limited-time offers
On May 6
 2019
 we completed our IPO
 in which we sold 11
068
750 shares. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 2
 2019. The shares were sold at a public offering price of $25.00 per share for net proceeds of approximately $252.4 million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $19.4&#160;million and issuance costs of approximately $4.9&#160;million payable by us. Upon the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 41
562
111 shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis
 and warrants exercisable for convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into warrants exercisable for 160
On August 5
 2019
 we completed our Secondary Offering
 in which we sold 250
000 shares. The shares were sold at a public offering price of $160.00 per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately $37.4&#160;million
 after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.5&#160;million and issuance costs of approximately $1.1&#160;million payable by us. Total Secondary Offering costs paid in 2019 were approximately $2.2 million
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2020 include the accounts of the Company and its foreign subsidiaries
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 25
 2021
T Partnership
 LLC
 a joint venture with PepsiCo
 Inc.
 to develop
beverage products made from plant-based protein. We believe the joint venture will allow us to reach more consumers by entering new product categories and distribution channels
Our primary production facilities are located in Columbia
 Missouri
 and research and development and administrative offices are located in El Segundo
 California. In addition to our own production facilities
 we use co-manufacturers in various locations in the United States
 Canada and the Netherlands. In the second quarter of 2020
 we acquired our first manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede
 the Netherlands. This facility completed operational testing of dry blend production in late 2020 and is expected to begin commercial trial runs in the second quarter of 2021. We also announced the official opening of a new co-manufacturing facility
 built by our distributor in the Netherlands
 to be used for Beyond Meat production. In the third quarter of 2020
On October 30
 2020
 we acquired certain assets including land
 building
 manufacturing equipment and assembled workforce from one of our former co-manufacturers for cash consideration of $14.5&#160;million
 subject to adjustment for customary prorations
 transfer taxes
 escrow holdbacks and other adjustments. Expenses related to this acquisition amounted to $1.0 million. As part of this transaction
 we also acquired an assembled workforce of approximately 180 employees. We are using this manufacturing facility primarily for the production of our finished goods. See 
 
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 14
 2021
 we entered into a 12-year lease with two 5-year renewal options to house our corporate headquarters
 lab and innovation space in El Segundo
 California. See 
 
Our sales growth in 2020 was negatively impacted by COVID-19. Net revenues increased to $406.8&#160;million in 2020 from $297.9&#160;million in 2019 and $87.9 million in 2018
 representing a 115% compound annual growth rate over a two-year period
 compared to a 202% compound growth rate over a two-year period in 2019. We have generated losses from inception. Net loss in 2020
 2019 and 2018 was $52.8&#160;million
 $12.4&#160;million and $29.9&#160;million
 respectively
We operate on a fiscal calendar year
 and each interim quarter is comprised of one 5-week period and two 4-week periods
 with each week ending on a Saturday. Our fiscal year always begins on January&#160;1 and ends on December 31. As a result
The COVID-19 pandemic has had
 and we expect will continue to have certain negative impacts on our business. COVID-19 has led governments and other authorities around the world to implement significant measures intended to control the spread of the virus
 including social distancing measures
 business closures or restrictions on operations
 quarantines and travel bans. While some of these restrictions have been lifted or eased in many jurisdictions as the rates of COVID-19 infections have decreased or stabilized
 a resurgence of COVID-19 and the discovery of various new COVID-19 variants in some markets has slowed
In the fourth quarter of 2020
 the FDA approved the distribution of various COVID-19 vaccines for emergency use. Other COVID-19 vaccines have also been approved for emergency use in other countries or are pending approval in the U.S. While the rollout of the vaccines is currently underway in the United States
As government authorities around the world continue to implement significant measures intended to control the spread of the virus and institute restrictions on commercial operations
 while at the same time rolling our vaccines and implementing multi-step policies with the goal of re-opening certain markets
 we are working to ensure our compliance while also maintaining business continuity for essential operations in our facilities. We have established a cross-functional task force that meets regularly and continually monitors and tracks relevant data including guidance from local
 national and international health agencies. This task force works closely with our senior leadership and is instrumental in making critical
While our manufacturing facilities remain operational
 beginning in March 2020 employees at our corporate headquarters began working remotely. For essential activities at our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 we are strictly limiting the number of employees allowed in the building and have implemented physical distancing protocols
 mandatory face coverings
 temperature screening of all personnel entering the site
 and comprehensive preventative hygienic measures to support the health and safety of our employees. We expect our corporate headquarters employees to remain working remotely pending further notice and guidelines from local
 state and federal agencies. At our manufacturing facilities
 we have implemented a series of physical distancing and hygienic practices to further support the health and safety of our manufacturing employees. Our manufacturing employees are all being monitored for COVID-19 symptoms
 including temperature screening of all personnel entering the site; and are following strict COVID-19 suggested Personal Protective Equipment guidelines per United States Centers for Disease Control and World Health Organization
 including mandatory face coverings
COVID-19 had a significant negative impact on our foodservice channel net revenues in 2020. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 foodservice channel net revenues were $106.2&#160;million compared to $153.1&#160;million in the prior year. Various regions around the world implemented stay-at-home orders
 social distancing measures and various restrictions on commercial operations
 resulting in the closure or limited operations of many of our foodservice customers. Such closures or scaled back operations have also resulted in delays in tests or launches of our products among our foodservice customers and negatively impacted the rate of our growth. Although certain of these restrictions have been lifted pursuant to multi-step reopening plans and exceptions to allow for carry-out and delivery
 which enabled certain of our customers to continue to generate business
 we continue to experience a significant deterioration in sales to foodservice customers. Excluding our sales to large QSR customers
 our foodservice channel has broad exposure to certain markets within that channel that have been disproportionately affected by COVID-19. These include
 among others: amusement parks; academic institutions; hospitality; corporate catering services; movie theaters; sports arenas; and bars and pubs. As such
In response to the recent COVID-19 resurgence and the discovery of new COVID-19 variants in some markets
 new lockdowns
 curfews and other restrictive measures are being imposed which have slowed
 halted or reversed the reopening process altogether
 and may adversely impact the foodservice recovery. We continue to partner with our QSR and foodservice customers during this challenging environment. During 2020
 we offered promotional programs to many of our foodservice partners to allow them to offer our products to consumers at reduced price points or on other promotional terms. While we began to see some improvement in demand in our foodservice channel during the third and fourth quarters of 2020
 amid relaxed stay-at-home orders in some states
 the environment remains highly uncertain given the ongoing pandemic and recent COVID-19 resurgence and the discovery of new COVID-19 variants. As a result
 it is unclear how long it will take for foodservice demand to return to pre-pandemic levels
At the same time while foodservice channel net revenues declined
 our retail channel net revenues increased. During the second quarter of 2020
channel and the significant shift in consumer preferences to retail
 beginning in the second quarter of 2020 and continuing into the beginning of the third quarter of 2020
 we re-purposed and re-routed a certain portion of our existing foodservice inventory into retail SKUs. These activities led to increased net revenues in our retail channel but negatively impacted our gross profit and gross margin due to increased expenses associated with such activities
Following the retail surge in the second quarter of 2020 amid panic buying in response to COVID-19
 the level of retail demand meaningfully slowed during the second half of 2020 consistent with broader market trends across grocery foodstuffs and the plant-based meat category as stay-at-home orders and commercial restrictions were relaxed. Our net revenues in the retail channel during the second half of 2020
 as compared to the prior-year period
 were primarily driven by our expansion in total retail outlets
 higher sales velocity at existing retail outlets and new product introductions. We also continued to offer promotional and reduced pricing to certain of our retail customers and higher trade discounts in the second half of 2020 to encourage greater consumer trial and adoption of our products. As COVID-19 rates surge in numerous regions of the world
For the year ended December 31
 2020
 our retail and foodservice channels accounted for approximately 73.9% and 26.1% of our net revenues
 respectively. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 our retail and foodservice channels accounted for approximately 48.6% and 51.4% of our net revenues
 respectively. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 our U.S. and international channels accounted for approximately 79.9% and 20.1% of our net revenues
 respectively.  For the year ended December 31
 2019
 our U.S. and international  channels accounted for approximately 67.1% and 32.9% of our net revenues
 respectively. The change in mix of our distribution channels has been significant since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic
 which is likely to continue to cause fluctuation in our quarterly results pending its duration
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic
 in the second quarter of 2020 we undertook our Feed A Million+ campaign
 where we
 with the support of our brand ambassadors and other partners
 donated and distributed more than one million Beyond Burgers and nourishing meals at no cost to food banks
 healthcare workers
At December 31
 2020
 our inventory balances increased 49% compared to the levels at December 31
 2019
 primarily due to a 127% increase in raw materials and packaging
We source ingredients from multiple suppliers from around the world. We also maintain inventory positions near our manufacturing operations
 as well as floor stock agreements with many of our vendors. With respect to pea protein
 given the nature of our contractual commitments
 our volume deliveries are front loaded during the year in anticipation of higher demand levels during the summer season. Given that we scaled back our production in response to COVID-19 and to reduce our existing finished goods and work in process inventory levels
 we have seen an increase in our pea protein stocks. However
 in light of the expected shelf life of our pea protein raw materials
It is challenging to estimate the extent of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations
 due to continued uncertainty regarding the duration
 magnitude and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (including any resurgences)
 impact of the new COVID-19 variants
 rollout and uptake of the COVID-19 vaccines and the public&#8217;s willingness to receive them
 potential supply chain or manufacturing disruptions
 and the magnitude of reduced customer traffic at our foodservice customers
 or the extent to which this reduction may be offset by increased retail demand
customers will resume at the levels experienced in the second quarter of 2020 or continue to be subject to the downward pressure seen in the second half of 2020. While the ultimate health and economic impact of COVID-19 is highly uncertain
 we expect that our business operations and results of operations
 including our net revenues
 gross profit
 gross margin
 earnings and cash flows
 will be adversely impacted through 2021
reduced consumer confidence and consumer spending (including as a result of lower discretionary income due to unemployment or reduced or limited work as a result of measures taken in response to the pandemic)
 including spending to purchase our products; and negative trends in consumer purchasing patterns due to consumers&#8217; disposable income
changes in the retail landscape
 including the timing and level of trade and promotion discounts
 our ability to grow market share and increase household penetration
 repeat buying rates and purchase frequency
In 2020
 we focused on navigating these recent challenges presented by COVID-19 through offensive measures
 such as switching foodservice production lines over to retail products
 selling retail value packs and offering aggressive pricing with a strategic opportunity to encourage consumer trials
 as well as defensive measures focused on reducing or delaying discretionary spending in areas where effectiveness has been impeded by the pandemic
 and streamlining operations
 including furloughs and headcount reductions in light of inventory levels
 demand shifts and company-wide capacity planning. In 2021
 we may take similar actions
 if necessary
We generate net revenues primarily from sales of our products to our customers across mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club
 convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 and various food-away-from-home channels
 including restaurants
 foodservice outlets and schools
 mainly in the United States. To make plant-based meat accessible to more consumers
 in August 2020
 we launched an e-commerce site and began offering our products direct to consumers in bulk packs
 mixed product bundles
 limited-time offers
Effective January 1
 2020
Net revenues from retail sales to international markets
Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to international markets
Net revenues from sales to the Canadian market
 previously included with net revenues from sales to the U.S. market
 have been reclassified to International net revenues. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. The foregoing change in presentation had no impact on our net revenues
Effective January 1
 2020
 we also eliminated the presentation of net revenues by platform as it is no longer material to an understanding of our financial results. Previously
 we presented net revenues by platform for our &#8220;ready-to-cook&#8221; or fresh platform
 and &#8220;ready-to-heat&#8221; or frozen platform. Gross revenues from sales of products in our frozen platform were 5.5% of gross revenues in the year ended December 31
 2019
 as compared to 16.3% of gross revenues in the year ended December 31
March 30
June 29
September 28
December 31
19
30
44
35
8
16
18
26
28
47
62
61
3
6
5
11
16
23
31
11
20
29
36
40
67
91
98
The following factors and trends in our business have driven net revenue growth over prior periods and are expected to be key drivers of our net revenue growth
 subject to the ultimate duration
increased penetration across our retail channel
 including mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club
 convenience store
 and natural retailer channels
 and our foodservice channel
 including increased desire by foodservice establishments
 including large full service restaurants and/or global QSR customers
distribution expansion
 increased sales velocity
increased international sales of our products across geographies
our continued innovation and product commercialization
 including enhancing existing products and introducing new products
 such as Beyond Meatballs
 Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties and Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links
 across our plant-based platforms that appeal to a broad range of consumers
enhanced marketing efforts as we continue to build our brand
 amplify our value proposition around taste
 health and sustainability
 serve as a best-in-class partner to strategic and other QSR customers to support product development and category management
 and drive consumer adoption of our products
 including scaling our Go Beyond marketing campaign
 which seeks to mobilize our ambassadors to welcome consumers to the brand
 define the category and remain its leader
? brand anthem
 inviting consumers to see how over time through small changes
 such as what you put at the center of your plate
overall market trends
 including growing consumer awareness and demand for nutritious
In addition to the factors and trends above
 we expect the following to positively impact net revenues going forward
 subject to the ultimate duration
expansion of our own internal production facilities domestically and abroad to produce our woven proteins
 blends of flavor systems and binding systems
 and finished goods
We distribute our products internationally in more than 80 countries worldwide as of December 31
 2020. In addition to our own production facilities
 we use co-manufacturers in various locations in the United States
 Canada and the Netherlands. International net revenues decreased 16.5% in the year ended December 31
 2020
 as compared 2019
As we seek to continue to rapidly grow our net revenues
 we face several challenges. The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of COVID-19 (including any resurgences)
 impact of the new COVID-19 variants and the rollout and uptake of COVID-19 vaccines
 and the level of social and economic restrictions imposed in the United States and abroad in an effort to curb the spread of the virus
and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. For example
 the impact of COVID-19 on any of our suppliers
 co-manufacturers
 distributors or transportation or logistics providers may negatively affect the price and availability of our ingredients and/or packaging materials and impact our supply chain. Additionally
 if we are forced to scale back hours of production or close our production facilities or our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in response to COVID-19
 we expect our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition
 our growth strategy to expand our operations internationally may be impeded. We expect to also continue to be impacted by decreased customer and consumer demand as a result of event cancellations and social distancing
 government-imposed restrictions on public gatherings and businesses
 shelter-in place orders and temporary restaurant and retail store closures and operating restrictions. The uncertainty created by COVID-19 significantly increases the difficulty in forecasting operating results and strategic planning. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition or liquidity. However
 the pandemic has had and may continue to have a material adverse impact on our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows and may adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. While the ultimate economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain
 we expect that the adverse impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and results of operations
 including our net revenues
 gross profit
 gross margin
 earnings and cash flows
We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on-shelf price reductions
 buy-one-get-one-free programs
 off-invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. We anticipate that we will need to continue to offer more trade and promotion discounts to both our retail and foodservice customers
In addition
 because we do not have any purchase commitments from our distributors or customers
 the amount of net revenues we recognize will vary from period to period depending on the volume
 and the channels through which our products are sold
We expect to face increasing competition across all channels
Gross profit consists of our net revenues less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold primarily consists of the cost of raw materials and ingredients for our products
 direct labor and certain supply costs
 co-manufacturing fees
 in-bound and internal shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing our products
 plant and equipment overhead
 depreciation and amortization expense
 as well as the cost of packaging our products. In anticipation of future growth
We intend to continue to increase our production capabilities at our two in-house manufacturing facilities in Columbia
 Missouri
 while expanding our co-manufacturing capacity and exploring additional production facilities domestically and abroad. In the second quarter of 2020
 we acquired our first manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede
 the Netherlands. This facility completed operational testing of dry blend production in late 2020 and is expected to begin commercial trial runs in the second quarter of 2021. In addition
 in June 2020 we announced the official opening of a new co-manufacturing facility
 built by our distributor in the Netherlands
 to be used for Beyond Meat production. In the third quarter of 2020
agreement and related factory leasing contract to design and develop manufacturing facilities to manufacture plant-based meat products under the Beyond Meat brand in China. Renovations in the leased facility commenced at the end of 2020 with trial production expected in the first quarter of 2021 and full-scale end-to-end production expected by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On October 30
 2020
 we acquired certain assets including land
 building
 manufacturing equipment and assembled workforce from one of our former co-manufacturers. We are using this manufacturing facility for the production of our finished goods. See 
 
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. Acquisition of these assets is expected to allow us to reduce manufacturing and packaging costs through vertical integration and provide opportunities for us to test new processes and scale new products more quickly. As a result of these expansion initiatives
In addition
 in response to the deterioration in the foodservice channel and the significant shift in consumer preferences to retail
 beginning in the second quarter of 2020 and continuing into the beginning of the third quarter of 2020
 we re-purposed and re-routed a certain portion of our existing foodservice inventory into retail SKUs. In the third and fourth quarters of 2020
Although our anticipated cost reductions didn&#8217;t materialize in 2020 primarily due to the impact of COVID-19
 subject to the ultimate duration
 magnitude and effects of COVID-19
 we continue to expect that gross profit improvements will be delivered primarily through improved volume leverage and throughput
 greater internalization and geographic localization of our manufacturing footprint and expansion of our own internal production facilities domestically and abroad to produce our woven proteins
 blends of flavor systems and binding systems
 and finished goods
 materials and packaging input cost reductions
 tolling fee efficiencies
Margin improvement may
 however
 may continue to be negatively impacted by our focus on growing our customer base
 volume deleveraging
 aggressive pricing strategies and increased discounting
 expanding into new geographies and markets
 enhancing our production infrastructure
 improving our innovation capabilities
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our research and development staff
 including salaries
 benefits
 bonuses
 and share-based compensation
 scale-up expenses
 and depreciation and amortization expense on research and development assets. Our research and development efforts are focused on enhancements to our product formulations and production processes in addition to the development of new products. We expect to continue to invest substantial amounts in research and development
 as research and development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy
 and we believe they represent a critical competitive advantage for us. We believe that we need to continue to rapidly innovate in order to continue to capture a larger market share of consumers who typically eat animal-based meats. Over time and subject to the ultimate duration
 magnitude and effects of COVID-19
 we expect these expenses to increase in absolute dollars
Selling
SG&amp;A expenses consist&#160;primarily of selling
 marketing and administrative expenses
 including personnel and related expenses
 share-based compensation
 outbound shipping and handling costs
 non-manufacturing  expense
 depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing assets and other non-production operating expenses. Marketing and selling expenses include share-based compensation awards to brand ambassadors
 advertising costs
 costs associated with consumer promotions
 product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers
 retain existing customers and build our brand awareness. Administrative expenses include the expenses related to management
 accounting
 legal
 IT
We expect SG&amp;A expenses in absolute dollars to increase as we increase our domestic and international expansion efforts and incur costs related to our status as a public company. In response to COVID-19
 we expect to continue to undertake measures focused on reducing or delaying discretionary spending in areas where effectiveness has been impeded by the pandemic
 and streamlining operations
 including potential furloughs and headcount reductions
 in light of inventory levels
We have historically had a very small sales force
 with only nine full-time sales employees as of December&#160;31
 2017 growing to 36 full-time sales employees as of December&#160;31
 2020. As we continue to grow
 including internationally
 we expect to expand our sales force to address additional opportunities
 which would substantially increase our selling expense. Our administrative expenses are expected to increase as a public company with increased personnel cost in accounting
 legal
In May 2017
 management approved a plan to terminate an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co-manufacturers. For a discussion of these expenses
 see 
 
 and 
Commitments and Contingencies
to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Generally
 we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. In 2020
 the impact of COVID-19
 and in each of 2019 and 2018
 the strong net revenue growth compared to the previous year
 masked this seasonal impact. As our business continues to grow
 we expect to see additional seasonality effects
 especially within our retail channel
 with revenue contribution from this channel tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year. In an environment of uncertainty from the impact of COVID-19
Year Ended December 31
406
297
87
284
198
70
122
99
17
31
20
9
Selling
133
74
34
6
4
1
171
100
45
(49
(27
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Year Ended December 31
 2020 Compared to Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
264
129
134
60
70
(9
324
199
125
36
15
21
45
82
(37
81
98
(16
406
297
108
Net revenues in the year ended December 31
 2020 increased by $108.9 million
 or 36.6%
 as compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in volume sold
 partially offset by lower net price per pound driven by our strategic investments in promotional activity intended to encourage greater consumer trial and adoption and
 to a lesser extent
 product mix shifts as larger-pack items carrying a lower net price per unit volume accounted for a greater proportion of our retail net revenues compared to the prior-year period. Growth in net revenues was primarily due to increased retail channel sales
 resulting from distribution gains both domestically and abroad
 higher sales velocities at existing retail customers
 and contribution from new product introductions. The increase in retail channel sales was largely offset by a decline in foodservice channel sales as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of widespread domestic and international stay-at-home orders
 social distancing measures and various restrictions on commercial operations
 resulting in the closure or limited operations of many of our foodservice customers. Our foodservice channel has broad exposure to
 among others
 hotels
 academic institutions
 amusement parks
 sports arenas
 movie theaters
 convention centers
 corporate catering services and bars and pubs
Net revenues from U.S. retail sales in the year ended December 31
 2020 increased $134.7 million
 or 104.1%
 primarily due to increases in sales of Beyond Beef
Approximately 7.7% of the increase in U.S. retail sales in the year ended December 31
Net revenues from U.S. foodservice sales in the year ended December 31
 2020 decreased $9.6 million
 or 13.7%
 primarily due to decreases in sales of Beyond Burger
 Beyond Sausage
 Beyond Beef Crumble and Beyond Meatball
 primarily due to the impact of COVID-19
 partially offset by increases in sales of Beyond Breakfast Sausage and Beyond Beef. Our products were available at approximately 28
000 U.S. retail outlets and 42
000 U.S. foodservice outlets as of December 31
Net revenues from international retail sales in the year ended December 31
 2020 increased $21.0&#160;million
 or 136.4%
 primarily due to increases in sales of Beyond Burger
 Beyond Sausage and Beyond Beef
 and to a lesser extent
 due to increases in sales of Beyond Breakfast Sausage
 Beyond Meatballs and Beyond Beef Crumble. Net revenues from international foodservice sales in the year ended December 31
 2020 decreased $37.3&#160;million
 or 45.1%
 primarily due to the impact of COVID-19.  Our products were available at approximately 52
000 international retail and foodservice outlets as of December 31
Year Ended December 31
45
21
24
10
11
6
2
3
9
15
(6
72
51
21
Year Ended December 31
284
198
86
Cost of goods sold increased by $86.4&#160;million
 or 43.6%
 in 2020 as compared to the prior year
 primarily due to the increase in the sales volume of our products. The increase in cost of goods sold was also due to lower absorption of fixed overhead costs as we scaled back production to reduce inventory levels. Cost of goods sold in 2020 included $10.8&#160;million in write off of excess and obsolete inventories related to the impact of COVID-19 including product repacking activities to repurpose certain foodservice inventory
Year Ended December 31
122
99
22
Gross profit in 2020 was $122.3&#160;million
 or 30.1% of net revenues
 as compared to gross profit of $99.8&#160;million
 or 33.5% of net revenues
 in the prior year
 an improvement of $22.5&#160;million. The improvement in gross profit was primarily due to an increase in the volume of products sold. The decrease in gross margin was  primarily due to lower absorption of fixed overhead production costs as we scaled back production to reduce inventory levels in response to the lower than anticipated customer demand in the foodservice channel due to the impact of COVID-19. Additionally
 lower net price realization resulting from higher trade discounts also contributed to the decrease in gross margin. As disclosed in 
 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report
 we include outbound shipping and handling costs within SG&amp;A expenses. As a result
Year Ended December 31
31
20
10
Research and development expenses increased $10.9 million
 or 52.7%
 in 2020
 as compared to the prior year. Research and development expenses increased primarily due to higher headcount of approximately 69 more employees
Year Ended December 31
Selling
133
74
58
SG&amp;A expenses increased by $58.9 million
 or 78.9%
 in 2020
 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to $16.1 million in higher share-based compensation expense
 $14.1 million in higher salaries and related expenses resulting from a higher headcount
 $9.2 million in higher marketing-related expenses
 $3.9 million in higher legal expenses
 $3.2 million in higher broker and distributor commissions
 $2.9 million in higher general insurance costs
 $2.7 million in higher expense related to product donations for our Feed A Million+ campaign attributable to COVID-19 relief efforts
 $2.0 million in higher consulting expenses
  $1.4&#160;million in higher public company-related expenses
 $1.1 million in higher postage and delivery expenses
 $1.0 million in higher outbound shipping and handling expenses
 and $1.0 million in higher information technology-related expenses. The increase in share-based compensation expense in the year ended December 31
As a result of the termination in May 2017 of an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co- manufacturers due to non-performance under the agreement
 we recorded restructuring expenses of $6.4&#160;million and $4.9 million in 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 primarily related to legal and other expenses associated with the dispute. As of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 there were $0.8 million and $1.1 million
 respectively
 in accrued unpaid liabilities associated with this contract termination representing legal fees. We continue to incur legal fees in connection with our ongoing efforts to resolve this dispute. See 
 
 
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Loss from operations in 2020 was $49.3&#160;million compared to loss from operations of $0.5&#160;million in the prior year. This increase in loss from operations was driven by the year-over-year increase in cost of goods sold
 higher operating expenses to support our expanded manufacturing and supply chain operations
 higher share-based compensation expense
 higher administrative costs associated with being a public company
 higher restructuring expenses
 and continued investment in innovation and marketing capabilities
Total Other Expense
Total other expense
 net in the year ended December 31
 2020 primarily includes interest expense on our debt balances
 loss on extinguishment of debt and foreign currency transaction losses
 partially offset by interest income.  Total other expense
 net in the year ended December 31
 2019 primarily includes interest expense on our debt balances and expense associated with the remeasurement of our preferred stock warrant liability and common stock warrant liability
 partially offset by interest income. On May 6
 2019
 in connection with the IPO
Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock were cashless exercised. No warrants were outstanding as of December&#160;31
Other
 net was a net expense of $0.8 million in 2020 as compared to net income of $3.6 million in 2019. Other
 net in 2020 included $1.5 million in loss on extinguishment of our refinanced credit arrangements
 partially offset by interest income from invested cash balances.  Interest income decreased to $0.8 million in the year ended December 31
For 2020 and 2019
 we recorded income tax expense of $72
000 and $9
000
Net loss was $52.8&#160;million in 2020 compared to a net loss of $12.4&#160;million in the prior year. This increase in net loss was driven by the year-over-year increase in operating expenses to support our expanded manufacturing and supply chain operations
 higher share-based compensation expense
 higher administrative costs associated with being a public company
 higher restructuring expenses
 and continued investment in innovation and marketing capabilities
 partially offset by the improvement in gross profit. During 2020
 net loss included $14.1 million in costs attributable to COVID-19 including $6.6 million in product repacking costs
 $4.8&#160;million in inventory write-offs and charges associated with foodservice products determined to be unsalable and $2.7 million in product donation costs related to our COVID-19 relief efforts
Year Ended December 31
 2019 Compared to Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
129
49
79
70
20
49
199
70
129
15
1
14
1
82
16
66
98
17
80
297
87
209
Net revenues increased by $210.0 million
 or 238.8%
 in 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to strong growth in sales volumes of products across both our retail and our foodservice channels
 driven by expansion in the number of retail and foodservice outlets
 including new strategic customers
 new international customers
Net revenues from retail channel increased $94.0 million
 or 185.2%
 primarily due to expansion in the number of retail outlets
 increased sales of the Beyond Burger and Beyond Sausage
 as well as the introduction of Beyond Beef. Net revenues from foodservice channel increased $115.9 million
 or 312.0%
 primarily due to expansion in the number of foodservice outlets
 including new strategic customers and international customers
 increases in sales of the Beyond Burger
Year Ended December 31
21
8
12
11
3
8
2
2
1
15
2
12
51
15
36
Year Ended December 31
198
70
127
Cost of goods sold increased by $127.8 million
 or 181.6%
 in 2019 as compared to the prior year
 primarily due to the increase in the sales volume of our products. Cost of goods sold in 2019 and 2018 included $6.4&#160;million and $0.8 million
 respectively
Year Ended December 31
99
17
82
Gross profit in 2019 was $99.8 million
 or 33.5% of net revenues
 as compared to gross profit of $17.6&#160;million
 or 20% of net revenues
 in the prior year
 an improvement of $82.2 million. The improvement in gross profit and gross margin was primarily due to an increase in the volume of products sold
 with resulting operating leverage
 and improved production efficiencies. The greater proportion of net revenues from products with higher net selling price per pound also contributed to the increase in gross profit. The increase in gross margin was partially offset by temporary disruptions related to capacity expansion projects at two co-manufacturing partners&#8217; plants in the fourth quarter of 2019. As disclosed in 
 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report
 we include outbound shipping and handling costs within SG&amp;A expenses. As a result
Year Ended December 31
20
9
11
Research and development expenses increased $11.1 million
 or 115.4%
 in 2019
 as compared to the prior year. Research and development expenses increased primarily due to higher headcount
Year Ended December 31
Selling
74
34
40
SG&amp;A expenses increased by $40.3 million
 or 116.8%
 in 2019
 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to $12.4 million in higher salaries
 bonuses and related expenses due to higher headcount
 $10.4 million in higher share-based compensation expense
 including $3.2 million relating to equity awards made to brand ambassadors
 $4.8 million in higher outbound shipping and handling expenses
 $3.1 million in higher broker and distributor commissions
 $2.4 million in higher legal expenses primarily due to the Secondary Offering and costs associated with being a public company
 $1.9 million in higher insurance costs
As a result of the termination in May 2017 of an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co-manufacturers due to non-performance under the agreement
million and $1.5 million in 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 primarily related to legal and other expenses associated with the dispute. As of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 there were $1.1 million and $0
 respectively
 in accrued unpaid liabilities associated with this contract termination representing legal fees. We continue to incur legal fees in connection with our ongoing efforts to resolve this dispute. See 
 
 
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Total Other Expense
Total other expense
 net primarily includes interest expense on the Company&#8217;s debt balances and expense associated with the remeasurement of our preferred stock warrant liability and common stock warrant liability
 partially offset by interest income. On May 6
 2019
 in connection with the IPO
Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
 all outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock were cashless exercised. No warrants were outstanding as of December 31
Other
Loss from operations in 2019 was $0.5 million compared to loss from operations of $28.0 million in the prior year. This improvement was driven entirely by the year-over-year increase in gross profit
 partially offset by higher operating expenses to support our expanded manufacturing and supply chain operations
 higher share-based compensation expense
 higher administrative costs associated with being a public company
 higher restructuring expenses
For 2019 and 2018
 we recorded income tax expense of $9
000 and $1
000
Net loss was $12.4 million in 2019 compared to a net loss of $29.9 million in the prior year. The decrease in net loss was primarily the result of the higher gross profit in 2019 and interest income
 partially offset by higher operating expenses
 higher share-based compensation expense
 expenses associated with the remeasurement of our preferred stock warrant liability and common stock warrant liability in connection with the IPO
We use the non-GAAP financial measures set forth below in assessing our operating performance and in our financial communications. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful additional information to investors about current trends in our operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of operations. In addition
 management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assess operating performance and for business planning purposes. Management also believes these measures are widely used by investors
 securities analysts
 rating agencies and other parties in evaluating companies in our industry as a measure of our operational performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures. In addition
&#8220;Adjusted EBITDA&#8221; is defined as net (loss) income adjusted to exclude
 when applicable
 income tax expense (benefit)
 interest expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 restructuring expenses
 share-based compensation expense
 expenses attributable to COVID-19
 remeasurement of our warrant liability
 and Other
 net
 including investment income
There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA rather than net (loss) income
Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization expense and
 although these are non-cash expenses
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense
 or the cash required to service our debt
Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect Other
 net
 including investment income
 loss on extinguishment of debt and foreign currency transaction gains and losses
other companies
 including companies in our industry
 may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently
The following table presents the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most comparable GAAP measure
 net loss
Year Ended December 31
Net loss
(52
(12
(29
2
3
1
13
8
4
6
4
1
27
12
2
14
12
1
Other
(3
11
25
(19
312)
 
 and 
 
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
In 2020
 comprised of $14.1 million in costs attributable to COVID-19 consisting of $6.6 million in product repacking costs
 $4.8 million in inventory write-offs and charges associated with foodservice products determined to be unsalable and $2.7 million in product donation costs related to our COVID-19 relief efforts. Expenses attributable to COVID-19 in the twelve months ended December 31
 2020 include $1.2 million in product donation costs related to the Company's COVID-19 relief efforts in the first quarter of 2020
 which were not previously included in the Company's Adjusted EBITDA calculation for the three months ended March 28
 2020 as these were deemed immaterial to its first quarter 2020 financial results. Given the significant increase in COVID-19-related expenses in the subsequent quarters of 2020
 and to facilitate better comparison from period to period
Includes $1.5 million in loss on extinguishment of debt in the year ended December 31
Our primary cash needs are for operating expenses
 working capital and capital expenditures to support the growth in our business. Prior to our IPO
 we financed our operations through private sales of equity securities and through sales of our products. Since our inception and through our IPO
 we raised a total of $199.5 million from the sale of convertible preferred stock
 including through sales of convertible notes which were converted into preferred stock
 net of costs associated with such financings. In connection with our IPO
 we sold an aggregate of 11
068
In connection with the Secondary Offering we sold 250
As of December&#160;31
 2020
 we had $159.1 million in cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents
 cash flow from operating activities and available borrowings under our credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our working capital and meet our anticipated capital requirements for the next 12 months. Additionally
 we may also raise funds by issuing debt or equity securities. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors
 including the impact of COVID-19; the number and characteristics of any additional products or manufacturing processes we develop or acquire to serve new or existing markets; the expenses associated with our marketing initiatives; our investment in manufacturing and facilities to expand our manufacturing and production capacity; the costs required to fund domestic and international growth; the scope
 progress
 results and costs of researching and developing future products or improvements to existing products or manufacturing processes; our investment in our new headquarters campus; any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us
 including the costs associated with our current litigation with a former co-manufacturer
 the  shareholder derivative lawsuits putatively brought on our behalf; the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; the costs associated with being a public company; the costs involved in preparing
 filing
 prosecuting
 maintaining
 defending and enforcing intellectual property claims
 including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and the timing
 receipt and amount of sales of
 or royalties on
 any future approved products
On April 21
 2020
 we entered into a $150 million five-year secured revolving credit agreement (&#8220;2020 Credit Agreement&#8221;) by and among the Company
 the lenders party thereto (the &#8220;Lenders&#8221;) and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as the administrative agent (the &#8220;Administrative Agent&#8221;). JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. and Silicon Valley Bank acted as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers under the 2020 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement includes an accordion feature for up to an additional $200 million. We incurred debt issuance costs
 net of amortization
 of $1.1 million in the year ended December 31
 2020 in connection with the new revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility matures on April 21
 2025. See 
 
Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement
 on April 21
 2020
 we terminated the $6.0 million revolving credit line and $20.0 million term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank (the &#8220;SVB Credit Facilities&#8221;)
 and the $5.0 million equipment loan facility with Structural Capital Investments II
 LP
 as Lender
 and Ocean II
 PLC
 LLC
 as collateral agent and administrative agent (the &#8220;Equipment Loan Facility&#8221;)
 and incurred an aggregate of $1.2 million of termination
 prepayment
As of December 31
 2020
 we had outstanding borrowings of $25.0 million and no excess availability under the revolving credit facility. The interest rate on outstanding borrowings at December 31
 2020 was 3.5%. We exceeded the maximum permitted total leverage ratio financial covenant in the 2020 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31
 2020. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on February 25
 2021
 we paid down our outstanding borrowings and had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 concurrent with our execution of the campus headquarters lease
 as a security deposit
 we delivered to the landlord a letter of credit under the revolving credit facility in the amount of $12.5 million. See 
 
In the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 approximately $114.3 million in aggregate expenditures to purchase inventory and property
 plant and equipment
 acquire assets from our former co-manufacturer
 and pay loan payments net of borrowings (including extinguishing prior credit facilities) of $6.0 million
 were funded by $116.7&#160;million of existing cash
 and approximately $3.7 million from other operating
The following table presents the major components of net cash flows used in and provided by operating
Year Ended December 31
(39
(46
(37
(74
(26
(23
(1
294
76
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 we incurred a net loss of $52.8 million
 which was the primary reason for net cash used in operating activities of $40.0 million. Net cash used in operating activities also included $32.2&#160;million in net cash outflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities
 primarily due to increase in inventory
 and prepaid expenses and other current assets
 partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and a decrease in accounts receivable. Increase in inventories
 primarily due to the increase in raw materials inventory resulting from pea protein isolate received pursuant to agreed-upon delivery schedules to meet our anticipated product demand
 negatively impacted cash flows from operations because due to the impact of COVID-19 the anticipated sales and the resulting cash inflows did not materialize as expected. Net loss for the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 included $44.9&#160;million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based compensation expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 we incurred a net loss of $12.4&#160;million. The primary reason for net cash used in operating activities of $47.0 million was the $68.2&#160;million in net cash outflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities
 primarily due to increases in inventory to meet growth in anticipated sales and to accommodate longer lead times for international shipments
 and increases in accounts receivable
 partially offset by $33.7 million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based compensation expense
For the year ended December 31
 2018
 we incurred a net loss of $29.9 million
 which was the primary reason for net cash used in operating activities of $37.7 million. Net cash used in operating activities also included $16.3&#160;million in net cash outflows from changes in our operating assets and liabilities
 partially offset by $8.5 million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of depreciation and amortization expense
Depreciation and amortization expense was $13.3 million
 $8.1 million and $4.9 million
 in 2020
 2019 and 2018
Net cash used in investing activities primarily relates to capital expenditures to support our growth and investment in property
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 net cash used in investing activities was $74.9 million and consisted of $57.7 million in cash outflows for purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 primarily driven by continued investments in production equipment and facilities related to our capacity expansion initiatives and international expansion
 including the acquisition of a manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede
 the Netherlands
 $15.5 million for the acquisition of assets from a former co-manufacturer
 $2.3&#160;million in cash outflows related to property
 plant and equipment purchased for sale to co-manufacturers
 and security deposits
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 net cash used in investing activities was $26.2 million and consisted of $23.8 million in cash outflows for purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 primarily for manufacturing facility improvements and manufacturing equipment
 $2.1 million in cash outflows related to property
 plant and equipment purchased for sale to co-manufacturers
 and security deposits
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 net cash used in investing activities was $23.2 million and consisted of $22.2 million in cash outflows for the purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 manufacturing facility improvements and manufacturing equipment
 $1.0 million in cash outflows related to property
 plant and equipment purchased for sale to co-manufacturers
 and security deposits
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2020
 net cash used by financing activities was $1.8 million primarily due to $31.0 million in extinguishment of prior credit facilities
 debt issuance costs of $1.2 million associated with our new revolving credit facility and debt extinguishment costs of $1.2 million associated with our refinanced credit arrangements
 partially offset by $25.0 million in net proceeds to us from our revolving credit facility. Cash flows from financing activities included $9.0 million in proceeds from stock option exercises
 partially offset by $2.3 million in payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards
 and $70
For the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 net cash provided by financing activities was $294.9 million primarily as a result of $254.9 million in net proceeds from our IPO
 net of issuance costs
 $37.4 million in net proceeds to us from the Secondary Offering
 net of issuance costs
 and $2.7&#160;million in proceeds from stock option exercises
 partially offset by $55
For the year ended December 31
 2018
 financing activities provided $76.2 million in cash as a result of $51.3&#160;million of proceeds from the issuance of our Series G and H preferred stock
 net of issuance costs
 $20.0&#160;million&#160;in borrowings under our term loan facility
&#160;$6.0 million in borrowings under our revolving credit line
&#160;$5.0 million&#160;in borrowings under an equipment loan facility
 and $1.4 million in proceeds from stock option exercises
 partially offset by cash outflows for repayment of a note with the Missouri Department of Economic Development
On April 21
 2020
 we entered into the 2020 Credit Agreement. Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement
 on April 21
 2020
 we terminated the SVB Credit Facilities and the Equipment Loan Facility
 paying off an aggregate of $31.0 million in loan balances. See 
Debt
On January 1
 2020
 we adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2016-02
(&#8220;ASU 2016-02&#8221;) using the modified retrospective approach
 which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption
 with comparative periods continuing to be reported under Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) No. 840 (&#8220;ASC 840&#8221;). Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02
 we recognized operating lease right-of-use assets of $11.9&#160;million adjusted for $0.3 million previously recorded as deferred rent and $0.2&#160;million previously recorded as prepaid rent on our consolidated balance sheets. We also recorded $1.4&#160;million in current operating lease liabilities and $10.6&#160;million in operating lease liabilities
As part of this adoption
 we elected to not record operating lease right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. We elected to separate the lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases for the co-manufacturing class of assets for the purpose of recording operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities and to combine lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases into a single lease component for all other classes of assets. Short-term lease payments for the year ended December 31
As of December 31
 2020
 we had recorded $14.6&#160;million in operating lease right-of-use assets
 $3.1&#160;million in current operating lease liabilities and $11.8&#160;million in operating lease liabilities
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we amended two operating leases for our manufacturing facilities in Columbia
 Missouri
facility upon which the landlord will construct a parking lot. We also assumed an operating lease under which we are leasing certain real property and a building consisting of approximately 142
317 square feet in Columbia
 Missouri
 for a term expiring on April 30
 2023 with no renewal options. See 
 Leases
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 14
 2021
 we entered into a 12-year lease with two 5-year renewal options to house our corporate headquarters
 lab and innovation space in El Segundo
 California. See 
 
On September 22
 2020
 we and BYND JX entered into an investment agreement with the Administrative Committee (the &#8220;JX Committee&#8221;) of the Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone (the &#8220;JXEDZ&#8221;) pursuant to which
 among other things
 BYND JX has agreed to make certain investments in the JXEDZ in two phases of development and we have agreed to guarantee certain repayment obligations of BYND JX under such agreement. During Phase 1
 the Company has agreed to invest $10.0 million in the JXEDZ through an intercompany investment in BYND JX and BYND JX has agreed to lease a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of two (2) years. In connection with such agreement
 BYND JX entered into a factory leasing contract on September 11
 2020 with an affiliate of the JX Committee
 pursuant to which BYND JX has agreed to lease and renovate a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of two (2) years. In the event that the Company and BYND JX determine
 in their sole discretion
 to proceed with the Phase 2 development in the JXEDZ
 BYND JX has agreed in the first stage of Phase 2 to invest $30.0&#160;million to acquire the land use right to a state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ to conduct development and construction of a new production facility. Following the first stage of Phase 2
 the Company and BYND JX may determine
 in their sole discretion
 to permit BYND JX to invest an additional $10.0&#160;million to obtain a second state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ in order to construct an additional facility thereon. See 
 Commitments and Contingencies
On January 10
 2020
 we and Roquette Fr&#232;res (&#8220;Roquette&#8221;) entered into a multi-year sales agreement pursuant to which Roquette will provide us with plant-based protein. The agreement expires on December 31
 2022; however it can be terminated after 18 months under certain circumstances. This agreement increases the amount of plant-based protein to be supplied by Roquette in each of 2020
 2021 and 2022 compared to the amount supplied 2019. The plant-based protein sourced under the supply agreement is secured on a purchase order basis regularly
 per specified minimum monthly and semi-annual quantities
 throughout the term. We are not required to purchase plant based protein in amounts in excess of such specified minimum quantities; however the Company has the option to increase such minimum quantities for delivery in each of 2021 and 2022. The total annual amount purchased each year by us must be at least the minimum amount specified in the agreement
As of December 31
 2020
 we had committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling $141.9 million
 approximately $83.4 million in 2021 and $58.5 million in 2022. In addition
 as of December 31
 2020
The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31
16
3
5
2
3
25
25
141
83
58
19
19
203
132
64
2
3
Includes lease payments for our Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center and corporate offices in El&#160;Segundo
 California
 and our manufacturing facilities in Columbia
Excludes El Segundo Campus lease agreement entered into subsequent to the year ended December 31
 
 S
Includes principal and interest accrued at a floating rate under the Revolving Credit Facility. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on February 25
 2021
Consists of commitments to purchase property
We have one operating segment and one reportable segment
 as our CODM
 who is our Chief Executive Officer
In preparing our financial statements in accordance with GAAP
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenue
 costs and expenses
 and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities that are reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results
 our future financial statement presentation
 financial condition
We believe that the estimates
 assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements because they involve the most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Therefore
 we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Accordingly
 we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. See 
While our revenue recognition does not involve significant judgment
 it represents an important accounting policy.&#160;Our revenues are generated through sales of our products to distributors or customers. Revenue is recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control has transferred. The Company&#8217;s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order
 or the contract
Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for fulfilling the performance obligation. Sales and other taxes the Company collects concurrent with the sale of products are excluded from revenue. The Company's normal payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. None of the Company's customer contracts as of December&#160;31
The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 off invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period
We follow the guidance in ASC 805
 
 for determining whether an acquisition meets the definition of a business combination or asset acquisition. ASC 805-10-55-5A through 5C provides a practical screen test to determine if substantially all the fair value of the assets acquired
 generally 90% of the total fair value of assets acquired
 is concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets. If the initial screening test is met
 the transaction is considered an asset acquisition and not a business combination. If the initial screening test is not met
 further assessment is necessary to determine if the following are present&#8212;outputs
 inputs and substantive processes
 an organized workforce to convert existing inputs into output. Based on the results of this analysis and conclusion on an acquisition&#8217;s classification of a business combination or asset acquisition
 the accounting treatment is determined. We use considerable judgment in determining whether the acquisition of a pool of assets is an acquisition of assets or of a business. Because acquisition costs are expensed for an acquisition of a business and capitalized for an acquisition of assets
For acquisitions that are accounted for as acquisitions of assets
 we record the acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities
 if any
Effective December 31
 2020
 we lost our EGC status and are now categorized as a Large Accelerated Filer based upon the current market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a result
 we must comply with all financial disclosure and governance requirements applicable to Large Accelerated Filers.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business
 including fluctuations in  interest rates
 raw material prices
Our cash consists of amounts held by third-party financial institutions. In May 2019
 upon closing of our IPO
We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our borrowings under credit facilities. Borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement bear interest
 at the Company&#8217;s option
 calculated according to an Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate
 as the case may be
 plus an applicable margin. Until the delivery to the Administrative Agent of the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial information for the fiscal quarter ended September 26
 2020
 the applicable margin was 1.5% per annum for Alternate Base Rate loans and 2.5% per annum for LIBO Rate loans. Thereafter
 the applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will range from 1.25% to 1.75% per annum
 and the applicable margin for LIBO Rate loans will range from 2.25% to 2.75% per annum
 in each case
 based on the Company&#8217;s total leverage ratio at the end of each quarter. In addition
 we are required to pay an unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum
 which shall accrue at the applicable rate on the daily amount of the undrawn portion of the commitment of each Lender
As of December 31
 2020
 we had outstanding borrowings of $25.0 million and had no excess availability under the revolving credit facility. The interest rate on outstanding borrowings at December 31
 2020 was 3.5%. We exceeded the maximum permitted total leverage ratio financial covenant in the 2020 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31
 2020; however
 subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on February 25
 2021
 we paid down our outstanding borrowings and had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. Based on the average interest rate on our 2020 Credit Agreement and to the extent that borrowings were outstanding
We are exposed to risk related to the price and availability of our ingredients because our profitability is dependent on
 among other things
 our ability to anticipate and react to raw material and food costs. Currently
 the main ingredient in our products is pea protein
 which is sourced from peas grown in the United States
 France and Canada. The prices of pea protein and other ingredients we use are subject to many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow yellow peas
 the vagaries of these farming businesses
 including poor harvests due to adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters and pestilence
 and changes in national and world economic conditions
 including as a result of COVID-19. In addition
 we purchase some ingredients and other materials offshore
 and the price and availability of such ingredients and materials may be affected by political events or other conditions in these countries or tariffs or trade wars. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 a hypothetical 10% increase or 10% decrease in the weighted-average cost of pea protein
 our primary ingredient
 would have resulted in an increase of approximately $3.2 million or a decrease of approximately $3.2 million
 respectively
 to cost of goods sold.&#160;We are working to diversify our sources of supply and intend to enter into long-term contracts to better ensure stability of prices of our raw materials. In the first quarter of 2020
 we entered into a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette for the supply of pea protein. See 
 
We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries
functional currency. Our foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities
 we translate net assets into U.S. dollars at period end exchange rates
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the periods being reported. Resulting currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other
Unrealized translation gains
 net of tax
 reported as cumulative translation adjustments through other comprehensive income were $1.7 million as of December 31
 2020. Foreign currency transaction losses included in other
 net were $0.2 million
 $0 and $0 during the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
Sensitivity to foreign currency exchange rates was not material as of December 31
We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business
 results of operations
 or financial condition. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures
 we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beyond Meat
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Beyond Meat
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the related consolidated statements of
 comprehensive loss
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit)
 and cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2020
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1
 2021
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
The Company completed the acquisition of certain assets from a former co-manufacturer for cash consideration of $15.5 million (including $1 million of acquisition costs) on October 30
 2020. The Company accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition. Accordingly
 the purchase price paid for assets acquired was allocated
 based on relative fair value
 to property
 plant
million and $1.9 million
We identified the accounting for the acquisition as a critical audit matter due to the complexity involved and the management judgment necessary to determine whether the acquisition represents a business combination or an asset acquisition
 including whether the Company acquired the necessary inputs and processes to meet the definition of a business. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort
 including the need to involve professionals having expertise in business combination accounting
Our audit procedures related to the determination of whether the acquisition represented a business combination or an asset acquisition included the following
With the assistance of professionals having expertise in business combination accounting
Los Angeles
March 1
BEYOND MEAT
(In thousands
December 31
159
275
35
40
121
81
15
5
332
403
Property
 plant
 and equipment
115
47
14
Other non-current assets
5
468
451
53
26
2
1
4
3
4
3
25
11
88
47
Long-term portion of bank term loan
14
Equipment loan
4
Operating lease liabilities
11
11
20
Preferred stock
500
 shares authorized
Common stock
500
000
 shares authorized at December 31
62
820
61
576
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
560
526
194
142
1
367
384
468
451
BEYOND MEAT
(In thousands
Year Ended December 31
406
297
87
284
198
70
122
99
17
31
20
9
Selling
133
74
34
6
4
1
171
100
45
49
27
Other expense
2
3
1
12
1
Other
3
Total other expense
3
11
1
52
12
29
52
12
29
62
290
42
274
6
287
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
52
12
29
Other comprehensive income
Foreign currency translation gain
1
Comprehensive loss
51
12
29
BEYOND MEAT
(In thousands
Balance at December 31
39
361
148
5
724
4
99
95
29
29
1
139
1
1
2
2
48
135
&#160;&#160;Issuance of Series G Preferred Stock
125
1
&#160;&#160;Issuance of Series H Preferred Stock
2
075
49
Balance at December 31
41
562
199
6
951
7
129
121
12
12
&#160;&#160;Issuance of common stock pursuant to the IPO
11
068
252
252
41
562
199
41
562
199
199
214
14
14
&#160;&#160;Issuance of common stock pursuant to the Secondary Offering
250
37
37
1
529
2
2
11
11
Balance at December 31
61
576
526
142
384
52
52
Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans
1
243
6
6
27
27
1
1
Balance at December 31
62
820
560
194
1
367
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
52
12
29
13
8
4
2
27
12
2
1
12
1
4
27
9
38
51
22
9
2
16
10
10
1
2
3
2
39
46
37
Purchases of property
57
23
22
15
Purchases of property
2
2
1
74
26
23
Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the initial public offering
254
Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the secondary public offering
37
Proceeds from Series H preferred stock offering
49
Proceeds from Series G preferred stock offering
1
50
6
20
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
5
1
1
25
6
2
20
1
5
1
9
2
1
2
2
1
294
76
116
221
15
275
54
39
159
275
54
2
3
Finance lease obligations for the purchase of property
Non-cash additions to property
10
1
1
Offering costs
4
4
14
199
BEYOND MEAT
Beyond Meat
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States
 offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. The Company builds meat directly from plants
 an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste
 texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating the Company&#8217;s plant-based meat products. The Company&#8217;s brand commitment
 &#8220;Eat What You Love
&#8221; represents a strong belief that there is a better way to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make
 no matter how small
 can have a great impact on our personal health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat
 we can positively impact four growing global issues: human health
 climate change
On September 7
 2018
 the Company changed its name from Savage River
 Inc. to Beyond Meat
 Inc. On January 14
 2020
 the Company registered its subsidiary
 Beyond Meat EU B.V.
 in the Netherlands. On April 28
 2020
 the Company registered its subsidiary
 Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;BYND JX&#8221;)
The Company&#8217;s primary production facilities are located in Columbia
 Missouri
 and research and development and administrative offices are located in El Segundo
 California. In addition to its own production facilities
 the Company uses co-manufacturers in various locations in the United States
 Canada and the Netherlands. In the second quarter of 2020
 the Company acquired its first manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede
 the Netherlands. This facility completed operational testing of dry blend production in late 2020 and is expected to begin commercial trial runs in the second quarter of 2021. In addition
 in June 2020 the Company announced the official opening of a new co-manufacturing facility to be used for Beyond Meat production built by the Company&#8217;s distributor in the Netherlands. In the third quarter of 2020
The Company sells to a variety of customers in the retail and foodservice channels throughout the United States and internationally primarily through distributors who purchase
 store
 sell
 and deliver the Company&#8217;s products. In addition
 the Company sells directly to customers in the retail and foodservice channels who handle their own distribution. In the third quarter of 2020
As of December 31
 2020
On May 6
 2019

068

 million
&#160;million payable by the Company. Upon the closing of the IPO

562
BEYOND MEAT
-for-one basis

On August 5
 2019

3
487
&#160;million
 million
On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The global spread and unprecedented impact of COVID-19 continues to create significant volatility
 uncertainty and economic disruption. The Company&#8217;s operations and its financial results including net revenues
 gross profit
 gross margin and operating expenses were negatively impacted by COVID-19 in 2020. The extent of COVID-19&#8217;s effect on the Company&#8217;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments
 including the duration
 spread and intensity of the pandemic (including any resurgences)
 impact of the new COVID-19 variants and the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines
 and the level of social and economic restrictions imposed in the United States and abroad in an effort to curb the spread of the virus
 all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result
 it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#8217;s business
 results of operations
 financial condition or liquidity. While the ultimate economic impact of COVID-19 continues to be uncertain
 the Company expects that the adverse impact of COVID-19 on its business operations and results of operations
 including its net revenues
 gross profit
 gross margin
 earnings and cash flows
Upon the completion of the Company&#8217;s IPO
 the Company elected to be an Emerging Growth Company (&#8220;EGC&#8221;)
 as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (&#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;). Effective December 31
 2020
 the Company lost its EGC status and is now categorized as a Large Accelerated Filer based upon the current market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a result
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;)
The Company operates on a fiscal calendar year
 and each interim quarter is comprised of one 5-week period and two 4-week periods
BEYOND MEAT
always begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. As a result
 reportable segment
 as the Company&#8217;s chief operating decision maker
 who is the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant accounting estimates made by the Company include trade promotion accruals; useful lives of property
 plant and equipment; valuation of deferred tax assets; valuation of inventory; incremental borrowing rate used to determine operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities; assessment of contract-based factors
 asset-based factors
 entity-based factors and market-based factors to determine the lease term impacting right-of-use assets and lease liabilities; the valuation of the fair value of stock options used to determine share-based compensation expense; and the valuation of the fair value of common stock and preferred stock used in the remeasurement of warrants and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
On January 2
 2019
 the Company effected a 3-to-2 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock and convertible preferred stock
 including outstanding stock options and common and convertible preferred stock warrants. The reverse stock split did not result in an adjustment to par value. All references in the accompanying financial statements and related notes to the number of shares of common stock
 convertible preferred stock
Comprehensive loss includes unrealized gains (losses) on the Company&#8217;s foreign currency translation adjustments for the year ended December 31
 2020. During the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company had no foreign operations
 and as a result
 comprehensive loss was equal to net loss for the years ended December 31
The Company&#8217;s foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities
 the Company translates net assets into U.S. dollars at period end exchange rates
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the periods being reported. Resulting currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other
BEYOND MEAT
Unrealized translation gains
 net of tax
&#160;million as of December 31
 2020. Foreign currency transaction losses  included in other
 million
 during the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
The fair value measurement accounting guidance creates a fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value into three categories. A financial instrument&#8217;s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input significant to the fair value measurement
The Company&#8217;s financial instruments include cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and accrued expenses
 for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms
The Company had no financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#160;31
Prior to the IPO
 the stock warrant liability was measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs upon issuance and at each reporting date. Inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the warrant liability as of the valuation date included expected term of the warrants
 the risk-free interest rate
 volatility
 and the fair value of underlying shares. There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1
 Level 2 or Level 3 for 2020
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
Generally
Year Ended December 31
1
12
14
 Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
 warrants were outstanding as of December&#160;31
The Company maintains cash balances at two financial institutions in the United States. The cash balances may
 at times
 exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or FDIC up to $250
The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any anticipated losses on the accounts receivable balances and recorded in allowance for doubtful accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated based on the Company&#8217;s history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts
 allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
BEYOND MEAT
Inventories are recorded at lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company accounts for inventory using the weighted average cost method. In addition to product cost
 inventory costs include expenditures such as direct labor and certain supply and overhead expenses including in-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in bringing the inventory to its existing condition and location. Inventories are comprised primarily of raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead costs. Weighted average cost method is used to absorb raw materials
 direct labor
 and overhead into inventory. The Company reviews inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on historical demand
 and the age of the inventory
Property
Property
Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term. When assets are sold or retired
The Company follows the guidance in ASC 805
 
 for determining whether an acquisition meets the definition of a business combination or asset acquisition. The acquired assets may include
 but are not limited to land
 building
 building improvements
For acquisitions that are accounted for as acquisitions of assets
 the Company records the acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities
 if any
BEYOND MEAT
Long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 are reviewed by management for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. When events or circumstances indicate that impairment may be present
 management evaluates the probability that future undiscounted net cash flows received will be less than the carrying amount of the asset. If projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset

 plant and equipment in connection with the restructuring efforts disclosed in 
 the Company concluded that no long-lived assets were impaired during the fiscal years ended December&#160;31
 2020
Offering costs
 consisting primarily of legal
 accounting
 printing and filing services
 and other direct fees and costs related to the IPO
 million
 million was incurred and paid as of December 31
 million
 unpaid IPO issuance costs or Secondary Offering issuance costs in accounts payable or prepaid IPO issuance costs in prepaid expenses as of December&#160;31
The Company accounted for freestanding warrants outstanding to purchase shares of its common stock or
 prior to its IPO
 its convertible preferred stock or common stock
 as a liability
 as the underlying shares of convertible preferred stock and common stock were contingently redeemable and
 therefore
 could have obligated the Company to transfer assets at some point in the future. The warrants were recorded at fair value upon issuance and were subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date. Any change in fair value has been recognized in the statements of operations in total other expense
Prior to the IPO

 per share

39
 per share. On May 6
 2019
 in connection with the IPO


The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes. The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Under this method
With respect to uncertain tax positions
 the Company recognizes in its financial statements those tax positions determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination
BEYOND MEAT
technical merits of the positions. The Company&#8217;s policy is to recognize
 when applicable
The Company leases certain equipment used for research and development and operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. An asset and a corresponding liability for the finance lease obligations are established for the cost of a finance lease. Finance lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
Operating leases include lease arrangements for the Company&#8217;s corporate offices
 the Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center
 manufacturing facilities and
 to a lesser extent
 equipment. Operating leases with a term greater than one year are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities at the commencement date. The Company records these balances initially at the present value of future minimum lease payments calculated using the Company&#8217;s incremental borrowing rate and expected lease term. Certain adjustments to the operating lease right-of-use assets may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02
 the Company elected to combine lease and non-lease components on all new or modified leases into a single lease component
 for all classes of assets other than the co-manufacturing class of assets
 which we recognize over the expected term on a straight-line expense basis. The Company elected to separate the lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases for the co-manufacturing class of assets for the purpose of recording operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. Prior to fiscal 2020
The Company is subject to a range of claims
 lawsuits
 and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues a liability (which amount includes litigation costs expected to be incurred) and charges operations for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated
 in accordance with the recognition criteria of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification&#160;(&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 450
In May 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which
 along with subsequent ASUs
 amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;). This guidance is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled to receive when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 was effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2019. The majority of the Company&#8217;s contracts with customers generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods. Based on the Company&#8217;s evaluation and review of its contracts with customers
 the timing and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2014-09 is consistent with the Company&#8217;s revenue recognition policy under previous guidance. The Company has therefore concluded that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on its financial position
 results of operations
Revenue is recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control has transferred. The Company&#8217;s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order
 the direct-to-consumer order
BEYOND MEAT
Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for fulfilling the performance obligation. Sales and other taxes the Company collects concurrent with the sale of products are excluded from revenue. The Company's normal payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. None of the Company's customer contracts as of December&#160;31
The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and consumers. These programs include rebates
 temporary on shelf price reductions
 buy-one-get-one free programs
 off invoice discounts
 retailer advertisements
 product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period
&#160;million as of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
Effective January 1
 2020
Net revenues from retail sales to international markets
Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to international markets
Net revenues from sales to the Canadian market
 previously included with net revenues from sales to the U.S. market
 have been reclassified to International net revenues. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. The foregoing change in presentation had no impact on the Company&#8217;s net revenues
Effective January 1
 2020
 the Company also eliminated the presentation of net revenues by platform as it is no longer material to an understanding of the Company&#8217;s financial results. Previously
 the Company presented net revenues by platform for its &#8220;ready-to-cook&#8221; or fresh platform
% of gross revenues in the year ended December 31
 2019
% of gross revenues in the year ended December 31
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
264
129
49
60
70
20
324
199
70
36
15
1
45
82
16
81
98
17
406
297
87
%
 respectively
%
%
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s gross revenues in 2018. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company&#8217;s gross revenues in 2020
Earnings (loss) per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
 inclusive of the dilutive impact of potential common shares outstanding during the period. Such potential common shares include options
 unvested restricted stock
 restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;)
 contracts classified as assets or liabilities that are required or assumed to be share-settled under the two-class method
The Company calculates basic and diluted EPS available to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class method required for companies with participating securities. The Company considers all series of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO to be participating securities. Under the two-class method
 the net loss available to common stockholders was not allocated to the convertible preferred stock as the holders of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. Computation of EPS for the years ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified
Nonvested restricted stock awards (referred to as participating securities) are excluded from the dilutive impact of common equivalent shares outstanding in accordance with authoritative guidance under the two-class method. The nonvested restricted stockholders are entitled to participate in dividends declared on common stock as if the shares were fully vested and hence nonvested restricted stock shares are deemed to be participating securities. Under the two-class method
 net income
 but not net loss
BEYOND MEAT
stockholders for purposes of calculating basic and diluted EPS. Net loss available to common stockholders is not allocated to unvested restricted stock as the holders of unvested restricted stock do not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. In periods when the Company records net loss
Prepaid expenses primarily include prepaid rent and insurance
Selling
SG&amp;A expenses are primarily comprised of selling
 marketing expenses and administrative expenses
 share-based compensation
 outbound shipping and handling costs
 non-manufacturing rent expense
 depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing assets and other non-production operating expenses. Selling and marketing expenses include share-based compensation awards to brand ambassadors
 advertising costs
 costs associated with consumer promotions
 product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers
 retain existing customers and build brand awareness. Administrative expenses include the expenses related to management
 accounting
 legal
 IT
 and other office functions. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in the years ended December 31
 2020
 million
62

 respectively. Non-advertising related components of the Company&#8217;s total marketing expenditures primarily include costs associated with consumer promotions
 product sampling
 and sales aids
The Company does not bill its distributors or customers shipping and handling fees. The Company&#8217;s products are predominantly shipped to its distributors or customers as &#8220;FOB Destination
&#8221; with control of the products transferred to the customer at the destination. In-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing a product are included in inventory and reflected in cost of goods sold when the sale of that product is recognized. Outbound shipping and handling costs
 including shipping and handling costs related to direct-to-consumer sales

 million
 million
Research and development costs
 which includes enhancements to existing products and new product development
 are expensed in the period incurred. Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and related expenses for the Company&#8217;s research and development staff
 including salaries
 benefits
 bonuses
 and share-based compensation
 scale-up expenses

 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
The Company measures all share-based compensation cost at the grant date
 based on the fair values of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest
 and recognizes that cost as an expense in its statements of operations over the requisite service period. The Company estimates the fair value of option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model
BEYOND MEAT
Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Because the Company&#8217;s stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options
 and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates
 in management&#8217;s opinion
 the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company&#8217;s stock options. Although the fair value of stock options is determined using an option valuation model
In addition
 the Company estimates the expected impact of forfeited awards and recognizes share-based compensation cost only for those awards ultimately expected to vest. If actual forfeiture rates differ materially from the Company&#8217;s estimates
 share-based compensation expense could differ significantly from the amounts the Company has recorded in the current period. The Company periodically reviews actual forfeiture experience and will revise its estimates
 as necessary. The Company will recognize as compensation cost the cumulative effect of the change in estimated forfeiture rates on current and prior periods in earnings of the period of revision. As a result
 if the Company revises its assumptions and estimates
On January&#160;1
 2017 the Company initiated a 401(k)&#160;retirement saving plan (&#8220;401-K Plan&#8221;) for the benefit of eligible employees. Under terms of this plan
&#160;million
 in matching contribution to the 401-K Plan in 2020
 2019 and 2018
The Company accounts for exit or disposal of activities in accordance with ASC 420
The Company entered into a consulting agreement with Seth Goldman
 the Company&#8217;s Executive Chair
 on March 2
 2016
 which was amended and restated on November 15
 2018 and further amended on April 8
 2019. Pursuant to the consulting agreement

Effective February 27
 2020
 Seth Goldman resigned as Executive Chair of the Company.&#160; Upon such resignation
 Mr. Goldman continued to&#160;serve in his capacity as a Class I director and Chair of the&#160;Board of the Company.&#160; In connection with Mr. Goldman&#8217;s resignation as Executive Chair
 the Company and Mr. Goldman terminated the consulting agreement effective as of February 27
 2020. Total consulting fees paid to Mr. Goldman under the consulting agreement prior to its termination in 2020



189

 respectively. In addition


BEYOND MEAT
The Company first entered into an advisor agreement with Food System Strategies
 LLC in October 2015. Bernhard van Lengerich. Ph.D.
 a member of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 is the Chief Executive Officer of Food System Strategies
 LLC. Pursuant to this advisor agreement
 the Company paid Food System Strategies


 the Company entered into a new advisor agreement with Food System Strategies
 LLC

532

 in consideration of Dr. van Lengerich providing services as the Company&#8217;s interim Chief Technical Officer and head of research and development
 and the increased time commitment associated with these roles. In December 2016

Effective December 31
 2019
 the Company and Food System Strategies
 LLC agreed that the term of the advisor agreement would end. Total advisor fees paid to Food System Strategies

140

In 2018
 the Company reimbursed Cleveland Avenue
 LLC
 a venture capital investment company
 led by Don Thompson
 for certain costs that were incurred by Cleveland Avenue
 LLC in connection with Company presentations and the hosting of Company meetings. Cleveland Avenue


 food
Michael A. Pucker
 a partner of Latham &amp; Watkins LLP
% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock. In the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
70

 2020
In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU 2016-02
On January 1
 2020
 the Company adopted ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach
 which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption
 with comparative periods continuing to be reported under ASC 840. The Company also elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within ASU 2016-02
 which among other things
 permits the Company to not reassess under the new standard the Company&#8217;s prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs. The Company did not elect the use-of-hindsight practical expedient or the practical expedient pertaining to land easements
 the latter not being applicable to the Company. As part of this adoption
BEYOND MEAT
On March 12
 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 &#8220;Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2020-04&#8221;). The amendments in ASU 2020-04 provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications
 hedging relationships and other transactions to ease the potential accounting and financial reporting burden associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued
 including the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). ASU 2020-04 is effective for the Company as of March 12
 2020 through December 31
 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
In December 18
 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2019-12
 &#8220;Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740)&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2019-12&#8221;). ASU 2019-12 eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period (1) exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation (2) exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments and (3) exceptions in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. ASU 2019-12 also is designed to improve financial statement preparers&#8217; application of income tax-related guidance and simplify GAAP for (1) franchise taxes that are partially based on income
 (2) transactions with a government that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill
 (3) separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax
 and (4) enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. For public business entities
 the amendments in ASU 2019-12 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2020. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period for public business entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. An entity that elects to early adopt the amendments in an interim period should reflect any adjustments as of the beginning of the annual period that includes that interim period. Additionally
 an entity that elects early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. ASU 2019-12 is effective for the Company beginning on January&#160;1
 2021. Adoption of ASU 2019-12 is not expected to result in any material changes to the way the tax provision is prepared and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations
In August 2020
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06 (&#8220;ASU 2020-06&#8221;)
 (ASU 2020-06). The amendments in ASU 2020-06 simplify accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. Consequently
 more convertible debt instruments will be reported as a single liability instrument with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception. Also
 ASU 2020-06 requires the application of the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS) and the treasury stock method will no longer be available. ASU 2020-06 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2021
 with early adoption permitted. The Company will evaluate the impact of ASU 2020-06 on the Company's financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
BEYOND MEAT
In May 2017
 management approved a plan to terminate the Company&#8217;s exclusive supply agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with one of its co-manufacturers
 due to non-performance under the Agreement and on May&#160;23
 2017
 the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement. In accordance with the Company&#8217;s policy of reviewing long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable
 the Company determined that as of May&#160;23
 2017
 the date the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement
 the assets held in possession of the co-manufacturer were no longer recoverable. In 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
 respectively
 in restructuring expenses related to this dispute
 for further information. As of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
&#160;million
 respectively
 years
 and often include one or more options to renew. Some leases also include early termination options
On January 1
 2020
 the Company adopted ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach
 which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption
Operating lease assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term
 and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company calculates the present value of its operating leases using an estimated incremental borrowing rate
 which requires judgment. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each operating lease based on prevailing market rates for collateralized debt in a similar economic environment with similar payment terms and maturity dates commensurate with the terms of the lease. Certain leases contain variable payments
 which are expensed as incurred and not included in the Company&#8217;s operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. These amounts primarily include payments for maintenance
 utilities
 taxes
 and insurance on the Company&#8217;s corporate
 research and development
Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02
&#160;million in operating lease liabilities
As part of this adoption
BEYOND MEAT
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 14
 2021
-year renewal options to house its corporate headquarters
 lab and innovation space in El Segundo
Year Ended December 31
1
Selling
2
Selling
3
(1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance
Supplemental balance sheet information as of December&#160;31
December 31
14
Finance leases
Property
 plant and equipment
14
3
Operating lease liabilities
11
15
BEYOND MEAT
The following is a schedule by year of the maturities of lease liabilities with original terms in excess of one year
 as of December&#160;31
December 31
3
3
2
1
1
3
16
1
14
December 31
A schedule of the future minimum rental commitments under the Company&#8217;s capital lease agreements and non-cancelable operating lease agreements with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year as of December 31
 2019
December 31
1
1
1
1
1
5
13
BEYOND MEAT
On October 30
 2020
 the Company acquired certain assets including land
 building and improvements
 manufacturing equipment
&#160;million
 subject to adjustment for customary prorations
 transfer taxes
 escrow holdbacks and other adjustments
&#160;million in acquisition-related expenses.  As part of this transaction
1
9
2
1
15
(1) Assembled workforce is recorded in Other non-current assets
December 31
83
36
12
17
25
26
121
81
&#160;million
BEYOND MEAT
December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. There was no write down of inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value at December&#160;31
Property
Property
 plant

 plant
 and equipment as of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
December 31
62
37
12
8
9
7
12
1
3
46
11
Total property
148
68
33
20
Property
 plant and equipment
115
47
Depreciation and amortization expense in 2020
 2019
&#160;million
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
 respectively
 were recorded in cost of goods sold
 million
 million
 respectively
 were recorded in research and development expenses
 million

13

 respectively
 were recorded in SG&amp;A expenses
&#160;property
 plant and equipment concluded to meet the criteria for assets held for sale in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2020. For the year ended 2019
 million in property
 million
 net of payments received
 was recorded as of December 31
 2020
On April 21
 2020
 secured revolving credit agreement (&#8220;2020 Credit Agreement&#8221;) by and among the Company
 the lenders party thereto (the &#8220;Lenders&#8221;) and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as the administrative agent (the &#8220;Administrative Agent&#8221;). JPMorgan Chase Bank
Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement
 on April 21
 2020
BEYOND MEAT
Bank) and the Equipment Loan Facility (an equipment loan from Structural Capital)
&#160;million of termination
 prepayment
Amounts available under the 2020 Credit Agreement are for working capital needs
 for general corporate purposes and to refinance certain existing indebtedness
 as the Company deems necessary. Borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement will bear interest
 at the Company&#8217;s option
 calculated according to an Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate
 as the case may be
% per annum
% per annum
 in each case
% per annum
 which shall accrue at the applicable rate on the daily amount of the undrawn portion of the commitment of each Lender. Letters of credit issued under the 2020 Credit Agreement are subject to customary letter of credit fees. The Company&#8217;s obligations under the 2020 Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of its assets
 subject to customary exceptions set forth in the 2020 Credit Agreement. In addition
 to the extent the Company forms or acquires any domestic subsidiaries
The 2020 Credit Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants for a transaction of this type
 to 1.00
 in each case
&#160;million per year in dividends on its capital stock (and
 subject to meeting certain leverage requirements and minimum liquidity thresholds
 additional dividends)
 provided
 among other things
 no event of default exists or would result therefrom and the Company is in compliance with certain financial covenants contained in the 2020 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement also provides for customary events of default
 including (among others) nonpayment
 covenant defaults
 breaches of representations or warranties
 bankruptcy and insolvency events and a change of control. If an event of default occurs
 the Administrative Agent shall
 at the request of
 or may
 with the consent of
 the required Lenders
 declare the obligations under the 2020 Credit Agreement immediately due and payable and the commitments of the Lenders may be terminated. For certain events of default relating to insolvency
 the commitments of the Lenders are automatically terminated and all outstanding obligations become due and payable. The revolving credit facility matures on April 21
December 31
25
6
20
5
25
30
25
11
19
BEYOND MEAT
The Company records debt issuance costs on the revolving credit facility in prepaid and other current assets
 net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2020. Debt issuance costs on the revolving credit line and term loan
 net of amortization
 were recorded as a reduction of carrying value of the debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2019. Debt issuance costs
 net of amortization
 million as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 million
 million was recorded in the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
In the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
 respectively
 in interest expense related to its bank credit facilities. In the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
 respectively
As of December 31
 2020
 excess availability under the revolving credit facility. The interest rate on outstanding borrowings at December 31
%. The Company exceeded the maximum permitted total leverage ratio financial covenant in the 2020 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31
 2020. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on February 25
 2021
 borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 concurrent with the Company&#8217;s execution of the campus headquarters lease
 as a security deposit
As of December 31
 2019
 million in borrowings on the revolving credit facility and term loan facility
 respectively
 with Silicon Valley Bank (collectively
 the &#8220;SVB Credit Facilities&#8221;) and had no availability to borrow under these facilities. Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement
 on April 21
 2020
 million in borrowings outstanding as of December 31
 2019 under the equipment loan facility with Structural Capital Investments II
 LP
 as Lender
 and Ocean II
 PLC
 LLC
 as collateral agent and administrative agent (the &#8220;Equipment Loan Facility&#8221;). Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement
 on April 21
 2020
In connection with its financing arrangements
 the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of its convertible preferred stock. For one of the financing arrangements

 per share. For a separate financing arrangement

 per share. In connection with the Company&#8217;s refinancing of its credit facilities with SVB

 per share. Upon the closing of the IPO

BEYOND MEAT
same respective exercise price per share. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO
 warrants were outstanding as of December&#160;31
Upon the closing of the IPO

562
-for-one basis. On May 6
 2019

000

 par value per share


 par value per share
On August 5
 2019
 the Company completed its Secondary Offering of common stock


As of December&#160;31
 2020
62
820
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of December&#160;31
 2019
61
576
The Company has not declared or paid any dividends
On April 11
 2011
 the Company&#8217;s stockholders approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (&#8220;2011 Plan&#8221;)
 and most recently amended the 2011 Plan on April 10
 2019. The 2011 Plan was amended
 restated and re-named the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (&#8220;2018 Plan&#8221;)
 which became effective as of April&#160;30
 2019
The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options)
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;)
 performance units
 and performance shares to the Company&#8217;s employees
 directors
 and consultants. As of December 31
 2020

626

 the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the 2020 fiscal year

144
% of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the prior fiscal year;&#160;or (iii) such number of shares determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. As of January 1
 2021

771
The 2018 Plan may be amended
 suspended or terminated by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors at any time
 provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant
 subject to stockholder approval of any amendment to the 2018 Plan as required by applicable law or listing requirements. Unless sooner terminated by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 the 2018 Plan will automatically terminate on November 14
BEYOND MEAT
Balance - December 31
3
297
2
144
512
16
75
Balance - December 31
5
021
As of December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019

218
5
170

 respectively
 issuable under stock options outstanding

149

 respectively
 issuable under unvested RSUs outstanding

127
5
864

 respectively
 issued for stock option exercises
 RSU settlement
Year Ended December 31
As the Company does not have sufficient historical experience for determining the expected term of the stock option awards granted
 the Company&#8217;s expected term is based on the simplified method
As the Company has only been a public entity since May 2
 2019
 there is not a substantive share price history to calculate volatility and
 as such
 the Company has elected to use an approximation based on the volatility of other comparable public companies
 which compete directly with the Company
The Company estimates the forfeiture rate at the time of grant based on past awards canceled
 the number of awards granted
 and vesting terms and adjusted
 if necessary
BEYOND MEAT
% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date
 period
 period
% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date
 period
 subject to continued employment through the vesting date. The stock option grant to one executive officer on August 1
 period. The stock option grant to another executive officer on October 31
 period. Options granted in the year ended December 31
The following table summarizes the Company&#8217;s stock option activity during the period from December 31
 2017 through December&#160;31
Outstanding at December 31
4
207
8
2
136
1
139
5
82
Outstanding at December 31
5
120
81
1
571
1
429
121
91
Outstanding at December 31
5
170
329
268
1
163
132
57
Outstanding at December 31
4
218
443
Vested and exercisable at December 31
2
634
305
Vested and expected to vest at December 31
3
869
417
(1) Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the value of common stock on the transaction date and the exercise price multiplied by the number of shares issuable under the stock option. Aggregate intrinsic value of shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the reporting period is calculated as the difference between the value of common stock on the beginning and end dates
 respectively
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
 respectively
BEYOND MEAT
options. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold
As of December&#160;31
 2020
% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date
 of the award
. RSU grants to continuing employees in 2020 and 2019 vest quarterly over 16 quarters
 months
The following table summarizes the Company&#8217;s RSU activity from January 1
 2019 through December&#160;31
Unvested at January 1
173
23
Unvested at December 31
149
244
99
17
Unvested at December 31
275
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
 million
 and $
 respectively
 of share-based compensation expense related to RSUs. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold
As of December&#160;31
 2020
 million
 respectively
 for a liability classified
 share-settled obligation to an executive officer related to a sign-on award pursuant to the terms of the executive officer&#8217;s offer letter with the Company. The share-based compensation expense related to this share-settled obligation is included in SG&amp;A expenses in the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of operations. Financing activities in the statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
BEYOND MEAT
The Company is obligated to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount on the first annual anniversary of the executive officer&#8217;s commencement date and on each quarterly anniversary thereafter through the second annual anniversary. The liability classified award is considered unearned until the requirements for issuance of the shares are met and is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in each of the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 million.  As of December 31
 2020
In the fourth quarter of 2020
 the first annual award related to this obligation was earned

In 2020
 the Company issued no restricted stock. In April 2019

 per share to nonemployees serving as the Company&#8217;s brand ambassadors. The Company has the right to repurchase the unvested shares upon a voluntary or involuntary termination of a brand ambassador&#8217;s service; however
 months
 they are being released from the repurchase option and all such shares will be released from the repurchase option by May 18
In October 2018

 per share to nonemployees serving as the Company&#8217;s brand ambassadors. The Company had the right to repurchase the unvested shares upon a voluntary or involuntary termination of a brand ambassador&#8217;s service; however
 months
 they were released from the repurchase option and all such shares were released from the repurchase option by November 1
Unvested at December 31
135
35
Unvested at December 31
100
99
87
23
Unvested at December 31
88
76
Unvested at December 31
12
BEYOND MEAT
As of December&#160;31
 2020

During 2020
 2019 and 2018
 million
&#160;million
&#160;million
 respectively
 of share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock issued to nonemployee brand ambassadors
As of December&#160;31
 2020
&#160;million in&#160;unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock
On November 15
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors adopted its 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (&#8220;2018 ESPP&#8221;)
 which was subsequently approved by the Company&#8217;s stockholders and became effective on April 30
 2019
 the day immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. The 2018 ESPP is intended to qualify as an &#8220;employee stock purchase plan&#8221; within the meaning of Section&#160;423 of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#8220;Code&#8221;) for U.S. employees. In addition
 the 2018 ESPP authorizes grants of purchase rights that do not comply with Section&#160;423 of the Code under a separate non-423 component for non-U.S. employees and certain non-U.S. service providers. As of December 31
 2020

340

 the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 ESPP will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year for a period of up to 
 starting with the 2020 fiscal year

% of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the prior fiscal year;&#160;or (iii) such lesser number of shares determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. As of January 1
 2021

876
On March 16
 2020
 the Company amended an operating lease for its manufacturing facility in Columbia
 Missouri
 to June 30
Effective May 22
 2020
Effective May 26
 2020
 the Company entered into an agreement


 Missouri
 for a term expiring on April 30
Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2020
 on January 14
 2021
 renewal options
 to house the Company&#8217;s corporate headquarters
 lab and innovation space in El Segundo
BEYOND MEAT
On September 22
 2020
 the Company and BYND JX entered into an investment agreement with the Administrative Committee (the &#8220;JX Committee&#8221;) of the Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone (the &#8220;JXEDZ&#8221;) pursuant to which
 among other things
 BYND JX has agreed to make certain investments in the JXEDZ in two phases of development
During Phase 1
 million in the JXEDZ through an intercompany investment in BYND JX and BYND JX has agreed to lease a facility in the JXEDZ in return for certain subsidies
 rewards and other preferential rights granted by the JX Committee and its affiliates. In connection with such agreement
 BYND JX entered into a factory leasing contract on September&#160;11
&#160;2020 with an affiliate of the JX Committee
In the event that the Company and BYND JX determine
 in their sole discretion
 to proceed with the Phase 2 development in the JXEDZ
&#160;million to acquire the land use right to a state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ to conduct development and construction of a new production facility. Following the first stage of Phase 2
 the Company and BYND JX may determine
 in their sole discretion
On January 10
 2020
 the Company and Roquette Fr&#232;res (&#8220;Roquette&#8221;) entered into a multi-year sales agreement pursuant to which Roquette will provide the Company with plant-based protein. The agreement expires on December 31
 months under certain circumstances. This agreement increases the amount of plant-based protein to be supplied by Roquette in each of 2020
 2021 and 2022 compared to the amount supplied 2019. The plant-based protein sourced under the supply agreement is secured on a purchase order basis regularly
 per specified minimum monthly and semi-annual quantities
 throughout the term. The Company is not required to purchase plant&#160;based protein in amounts in excess of such specified minimum quantities; however the Company has the option to increase such minimum quantities for delivery in each of 2021 and 2022. The total annual amount purchased each year by the Company must be at least the minimum amount specified in the agreement
As of December&#160;31
 2020
&#160;million
&#160;million in 2022. In addition
 as of December 31
 2020
On May&#160;25
 2017
 Don Lee Farms
 a division of Goodman Food Products
 Inc.
 filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles asserting claims for breach of contract
 misappropriation of trade secrets
BEYOND MEAT
California Business and Professions Code
 money owed and due
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 each arising out of the Company&#8217;s decision to terminate an exclusive supply agreement between the Company and Don Lee Farms. The Company denied all of these claims and filed counterclaims on July&#160;27
 2017
 alleging breach of contract
 unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code and conversion. In October 2018
 of the Company&#8217;s current contract manufacturers as a defendant
 principally for claims arising from the current contract manufacturer&#8217;s alleged use of the former co-manufacturer&#8217;s alleged trade secrets
 and for replacing the former co-manufacturer as one of the Company&#8217;s current co-manufacturers.&#160;The current contract manufacturer filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity
 contribution
 and repayment. On March 11
 2019
&#160;Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against the Company. On May 30
 2019
 the&#160;judge denied the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed.&#160;On June 19
 2019
On January 24
 2020

On January 27
 2020
 individual defendants
 all of whom are current or former employees of the Company
 including Mark Nelson
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 to Don Lee Farms&#8217; existing fraud claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraudulent misrepresentations. On June 23
 2020
 the judge denied Beyond Meat and the individual defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims
 allowing the claims to proceed. On July 6
 2020
 the Company and the individual defendants filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#8217; claims
On August 11
 2020
 the Company filed an amended cross-complaint against Don Lee Farms
 its parent Goodman Food Products
 Inc. and its owners and employees
 Donald
 Daniel
 and Brandon Goodman. Among other claims
 the amended cross-complaint alleges that Don Lee Farms defrauded Beyond Meat
 misappropriated its trade secrets
On January 28
 2021
 Don Lee Farms filed a motion for summary adjudication on its breach of contract and money owed claims and on Beyond Meat&#8217;s breach of contract claims. The trial judge has yet to determine the merits of this motion
 and the hearing is currently scheduled for April 16
 2021. On February 18
 2021
 Don Lee Farms and Donald
 Daniel and Brandon Goodman filed a motion for summary adjudication on Beyond Meat&#8217;s fraud
 negligent misrepresentation
 and conversion claims. The trial judge has yet to determine the merits of these motions
 and the hearing is currently scheduled for May 7
On February 16
 2021
 the Court entered an order consolidating this action with an action that Don Lee Farms filed against CLW Foods
 LLC
 a current Beyond Meat contract manufacturer. On February 22
 2021
 CLW Foods
The previous trial date
 June 14
 2021
 was continued. Trial is currently set for September 27
Don Lee Farms is seeking from Beyond Meat
 the individual defendants
 and the current contract manufacturer unspecified compensatory and punitive damages
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of Beyond Meat&#8217;s use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. The Company is seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages
 restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms
 injunctive relief
 including the prohibition of Don Lee Farms&#8217; use or disclosure of Beyond Meat&#8217;s trade secrets and the prohibition of Don Lee Farms&#8217; infringing use of Beyond Meat&#8217;s trademarks
BEYOND MEAT
and attorneys&#8217;&#160;fees and costs. The current contract manufacturer is seeking indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment from the Company of any or all damages that the current contract manufacturer may be found liable to Don Lee Farms
The Company believes it was justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms
 that the Company did not misappropriate Don Lee Farms&#8217; alleged trade secrets
 that the Company is not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the third amended complaint
 that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in the Company&#8217;s amended cross-complaint
 and that the Company is not liable to the current contract manufacturer for any indemnity
 contribution
 or repayment
 including for any damages or attorneys&#8217; fees&#160;and costs. Conversely
 as alleged in the Company&#8217;s amended cross-complaint
 the Company believes Don Lee Farms misappropriated the Company&#8217;s trade secrets
 defrauded the Company
The Company is currently in the process of litigating this matter and intends to vigorously defend&#160;itself and its current and former employees against&#160;the claims and to prosecute the Company&#8217;s own claims. The Company cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or the current contract manufacturer will not prevail in all or some of their claims against the Company&#160;or the individual defendants
 or that&#160;the Company will prevail in some or all of its claims against Don Lee Farms. For example
 if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit
 the Company could be required to pay damages
 including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what the Company would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce the Company&#8217;s products through 2019
 the end of the contract term
 and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of the Company&#8217;s products or in the products themselves
 and thus claim a stake in the value the Company has derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after the Company terminated its supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. Based on the Company&#8217;s current knowledge
On January 30
 2020
 Larry Tran
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to the Company&#8217;s public disclosures regarding the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2
 2019 to January 27
 2020.&#160;The Court appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel on May 18
 2020
 and a First Amended Complaint (&#8220;FAC&#8221;) was filed on July 1
 2020. The FAC names the same defendants
 proposes the same class period
 and similarly asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act premised on allegedly false or misleading statements
 and alleged non-disclosure of material facts
 related to the Company&#8217;s public disclosures regarding the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on behalf of all defendants on July 31
 2020. On October 8
 2020
 the Court entered an opinion and order granting defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss with leave to amend. Plaintiffs did not file an amended complaint by the deadline set by the Court. As a result
 on October 27
 2020
 the Court entered an order dismissing the action with prejudice
 except for the class allegations of absent putative class members
 which were dismissed without prejudice. The dismissal is final
On March 16
 2020
 Eric Weiner
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
BEYOND MEAT
the Company&#8217;s directors
 including one former director
 who signed the Company&#8217;s initial public offering registration statement.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 16
 2020
On March 18
 2020
 Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein
 purported shareholders of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of the Company&#8217;s directors
 including one former director
 who signed the Company&#8217;s initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to March 18
 2020
On April 1
 2020
 the United States District Court for the Central District of California entered an order consolidating the Weiner action and the Brink action for all purposes and designated the consolidated case In re: Beyond Meat
 Inc. Derivative Litigation. On April 13
 2020
 the Court entered an order appointing co-lead counsel for the consolidated derivative action. On June 23
 2020
 the Court entered an order approving a Joint Stipulation Regarding Stay of Actions. Under the terms of the stay approval order
 all proceedings in the consolidated derivative case are stayed until (1) the securities class action is dismissed
 with prejudice
 and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend all claims asserted. The Company is unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On May 27
 2020
 Kevin Chew
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of the Company&#8217;s directors
 including one former director
 who signed the Company&#8217;s initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act and claims of breaches of fiduciary duty
 relating to the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
 2019 to May 27
 2020. On June 16
 2020
 the Court entered an order staying all proceedings in the derivative action until (1) the securities class action is dismissed
 with prejudice
 and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. On June 17
 2020
 the Court entered an order administratively closing the derivative case based on the stay order. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend all claims asserted. The Company is unable to estimate potential losses
 if any
On June 17
 2020
 James Janolek
 a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat
 filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware
 putatively on behalf of the Company
 against two of the Company&#8217;s executive officers
 the Company&#8217;s President and CEO
 Ethan Brown
 and the Company&#8217;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 Mark Nelson
 and each of the Company&#8217;s directors
 including one former director
 who signed the Company&#8217;s initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat
 and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets
 all relating to the Company&#8217;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms
 related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2
BEYOND MEAT
to June 17
 2020. On July 10
 2020
 the Court entered an order staying all proceedings in the derivative action until (1) the securities class action is dismissed
 with prejudice
 and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. On July 10
 2020
 the Court entered an order administratively closing the derivative case based on the stay order. On November 9
 2020
The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings
 claims
 and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on the facts currently available
Year Ended December 31
The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Provision for income taxes in 2020
BEYOND MEAT
Year Ended December 31
11
2
6
State income tax
1
2
1
2
21
21
2
30
23
6
Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31
 2020

 2020 and 2019
December 31
78
50
1
1
3
2
2
1
2
87
56
Property
1
1
86
55
As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 management assessed the realizability of deferred tax assets and evaluated the need for an amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis. This evaluation utilizes the framework contained in ASC 740
 Income Taxes
 pursuant to which management analyzed all positive and negative evidence available at the balance sheet date to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Under this guidance
BEYOND MEAT
In concluding on the evaluation
 management placed significant emphasis on guidance in ASC 740
 which states that &#8220;a cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome.&#8221; Based upon available evidence
 it was concluded on a more-likely-than-not basis that certain deferred tax assets were not realizable as of December 31
 2020. Accordingly
 million has been recorded to offset these deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31
As of December 31
 2019
 million
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2020
 the Company has accumulated federal
&#160;million
 million
&#160;million of the federal net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal
 state and foreign tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031
 2032 and 2025 respectively
Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383
 annual use of the Company's net operating loss (NOLs) and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50% occurs within a three-year period. The Company has completed a section 382 analysis through December 31
 2019 and concluded ownership changes occurred in 2011
 2013 and 2015. However
The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company&#8217;s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
3
1
2
1
5
3
As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
&#160;million
 respectively
 of unrecognized tax benefits from research and development tax credits
 none of which
 if recognized
The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018
With respect to the income of its foreign subsidiaries
 The Company takes the position that the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries are permanently invested in that jurisdiction. As a result
BEYOND MEAT
no additional income taxes have been provided on the possible repatriation of these earnings to the parent company. The Company does not have any unremitted earnings as of December 31
Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31

218
5
170

 respectively

149

 respectively
 because the Company incurred a net loss and their inclusion would have been antidilutive. Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31
 2020 and 2019 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified
 share-settled obligation to an executive officer to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount because the shares to be delivered are not participating securities as they do not have voting rights and are not entitled to participate in dividends until they are issued. Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31

120
(in thousands
Year Ended December 31
52
12
29
62
290
42
274
6
287
Dilutive effect of stock equivalents resulting from stock options
 RSUs
 common stock warrants
62
290
42
274
6
287
Year Ended December 31
4
218
5
170
275
149
39
953
160
4
494
5
319
40
114
BEYOND MEAT
On January 14
 2021
 the Company entered into a Lease (the &#8220;Lease&#8221;) with HC Hornet Way
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &#8220;Landlord&#8221;)
 to house the Company&#8217;s headquarters offices
 lab and innovation space (the &#8220;Headquarters&#8221;) in El Segundo
) years
) renewal options
Under the terms of the Lease


 El Segundo
 California (the &#8220;Premises&#8221;)
 to be built out by Landlord and delivered to the Company in three phases (each
 million. The Company will recognize the lease assets and liabilities for each Phase when the Landlord makes the underlying asset for each Phase available to the Company. Concurrent with the Company&#8217;s execution of the Lease
 as a security deposit
On January 26
 2021 PepsiCo
T Partnership
 LLC
 a newly created  joint venture established to develop
BEYOND MEAT
Mar. 30
Jun. 29
Sep. 28
Dec. 31
Mar. 30
Jun. 27
Sep. 26
Dec. 31
40
67
91
98
97
113
94
101
29
44
59
65
59
79
68
76
10
22
32
33
37
33
25
25
4
4
5
5
6
6
8
11
Selling
11
15
20
27
27
34
33
38
2
1
2
1
2
16
20
29
34
35
41
43
49
5
2
3
1
8
18
24
11
Other
1
1
1
Total other (expense) income
1
11
2
6
9
4
1
10
19
25
6
9
4
1
10
19
25
The sum of quarterly amounts
 including per share amounts
Our management
 with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules&#160;13a-15(e)&#160;and&#160;15d-15(e) under the&#160;Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the&#160;Exchange Act&#160;is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 as appropriate
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
Based on our evaluation under the framework set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020 has been audited by Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
The attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm
 Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December&#160;31
 2020 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Our management&#160;does&#160;not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beyond Meat
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Beyond Meat
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2020
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2020
 of the Company and our report dated March 1
 2021
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Los Angeles
March 1
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
The information required by this item will be set forth in our&#160;Proxy Statement&#160;and is incorporated by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees
 officers and directors
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our code of business conduct and ethics is posted on the investor relations page on our website which is located at https://investors.beyondmeat.com/investor-relations. We will post any amendments to our code of business conduct and ethics other than technical
 administrative or other non-substantive amendments
 or waivers of its requirements
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
Amended and Restated Investors&#8217; Rights Agreement
 dated as of October 5
 2018
Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease
 dated as of January&#160;18
 2017
 by and between Smoky Hollow Industries
Lease
 dated March 13
 2014
 as amended
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February 6
 2004 and Registrant and amendment thereto dated November 1
Second Lease Amendment to Lease
 dated March 13
 2014
 as amended
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone Revocable Trust
 dated May 6
Third Lease Amendment to Lease
 dated March 13
 2014
 as amended
 by and between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone Revocable Trust
 dated March 16
Lease
 dated October 12
 2017
 by and between LeMone Family Limited Partnership
 LLLP and Registrant as amended by the Lease Amendment dated April 18
Second Lease Amendment to Lease
 dated October 12
 2017
 as amended
 by and between LeMone Family Limited Partnership
 LLLP and Registrant
 dated May 22
Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease - Net
 dated as of February 11
 2019
 between GSOB
 LLC and Registrant
Lease
 dated as of January 14
 2021
 by and between Registrant and HC Hornet Way
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (Revolving Line)
 dated as of June 27
 2018
Loan and Security Agreement (Term Loan)
 dated June 27
 2018
First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (Term Loan)
 dated September 27
 2018
Intellectual Property Security Agreement
 dated June 27
 2018
Intellectual Property Security Agreement
 dated June 27
 2018
Equipment Loan and Security Agreement
 dated September 19
 2018
 by and between Ocean II PLO
Credit Agreement
 dated as of April 21
 2020
 by and among Registrant
 as the Borrower
 the other Loan Parties party thereto
 the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
Supply Agreement
 dated December 28
 2018
 by and between Roquette America
Multi-Year Sales Agreement
 dated January 10
 2020
 by and between Roquette Fr&#232;res and Beyond Meat
Master Supply Agreement
 dated as of December 21
 2018
 between Registrant and PURIS Proteins
2011 Equity Incentive Plan
 amended as of April 3
 2019
2018 Equity Incentive Plan
Option Amendment Letter
 dated May 11
 2017
Second Amended &amp; Restated Consulting Agreement
 dated April 8
 2019
Amended and restated agreement
 dated as of January 18
 2019
Offer Letter dated April 29
Offer Letter dated August 1
Offer Letter Correction dated March 3
Letter Agreement
 dated February 27
 2020
Separation Agreement dated as of January 20
 2021
List of Subsidiaries of Beyond Meat
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The following financial statements from the Company's Yearly Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) Consolidated  Statements of Operations
 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (iv) Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
 (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
** This certification is deemed furnished
 and not filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Beyond Meat
 Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
+ Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
BEYOND MEAT
March 1
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons
President
 Chief Executive Officer
March 1
March 1
March 1
March 1
March 1
March 1
Bernhard van Lengerich
March 1
March 1
March 1
March 1
 2021












January 20
&#8221;) confirms the agreement between you and Beyond Meat
. Your employment with the Company will end effective January 21
. Although you are not otherwise entitled to receive any severance from the Company
 subject to
 and in consideration for
 your timely execution and non-revocation of this Agreement
 and provided you comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 the Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement that you entered into with the Company effective January 15
and all applicable Company policies
. The Company will pay you a lump sum severance payment of $182
500.00
 less all applicable withholdings and deductions
 which will be paid to you on or before February 26
.  If you elect to continue your medical
&#8221;)
 the Company will pay the monthly premiums due for such COBRA coverage for you and
 if applicable
 for your dependents from the first date on which coverage is lost in connection with your employment with the Company (with any payments commencing after such date being made retroactively to such date) until the earliest of (i) the date that the Company has paid for 6 months of premiums for such COBRA coverage
 (ii) the expiration of such COBRA continuation coverage
 or (iii) the date when you (or
 as applicable
 your dependents) receive substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the Company determines
 in its sole discretion
 at any time
 that it cannot provide the foregoing COBRA benefit without potentially violating applicable law (including
 without limitation
 Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act) or having the COBRA benefit be subject to tax
 the Company will
 in lieu thereof
 pay you an amount equal to such COBRA premium payment due for each month
 as applicable
 which payment will be taxable
 less all applicable withholdings and required deductions
. You acknowledge and agree that you have been timely paid all of your wages earned through the Separation Date. You acknowledge and agree that
 prior to the execution of this Agreement
 you were not entitled to receive any further payments or benefits from the Company
. You acknowledge and agree that the Company previously granted to you one or more equity awards covering shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock pursuant to the Company&#8217;s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan
&#8221;). You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed the information on your Company equity awards that is available through Benefits OnLine and that it accurately reflects the Company equity awards previously granted to you
 and the terms applicable to your Company equity awards
 including
 without limitation
 the number of shares subject to such equity awards that were vested (if any) as of your Separation Date. Your Company equity awards and the shares (if any) acquired pursuant to such equity awards will remain
 as applicable
 subject to the terms and conditions of any applicable stock option agreement
 exercise agreement
 restricted stock unit agreement
 and the Plan (each of which shall remain in full force and effect and
 together
&#8221;). Please note that vested Company stock options generally expire if not exercised by the date that is 3 months following the Separation Date. Refer to Benefits OnLine and the applicable Equity Documents for the specific rules that apply to your Company stock options (if any). Unvested Company stock options and unvested Company restricted stock units will generally be forfeited in connection with your departure from the Company. You acknowledge and agree that
 other than the vested portion of any Company stock options that are outstanding as of your Separation Date
 you do not have any right to receive or otherwise acquire any Company securities
 including
 without limitation
 any shares of the Company&#8217;s capital stock or any other options or other rights to purchase or receive shares of the Company&#8217;s capital stock
. In consideration for receiving the severance set forth herein
 you hereby waive and release to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law any and all claims or causes of action
 whether known or unknown
 against the Company and&#47;or its respective predecessors
 successors
 past
 present or future subsidiaries
 parent companies
 affiliated companies
 investors and related entities
 as well as TriNet (collectively
 including the Company
&#8221;) and&#47;or the Entities&#8217; respective past
 present or future insurers
 officers
 directors
 agents
 attorneys
 employees
 consultants
 stockholders
 assigns and employee benefit plans (collectively with the Entities
&#8221;)
 with respect to any matter
 including
 without limitation
This waiver and release includes
 without limitation
 claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)&#59; WARN Act claims
 claims for attorneys&#8217; fees or costs&#59; any and all claims for stock
 stock options
 restricted stock units or other equity securities of the Company&#59; penalties claims&#59; wage and hour claims&#59; statutory claims&#59; tort claims&#59; contract claims&#59; claims of wrongful discharge
 constructive discharge
 emotional distress
 defamation
 invasion of privacy
 fraud
 breach of contract
 and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing&#59; discrimination
 harassment and retaliation claims&#59; and all other claims under applicable federal
 state and local laws
You covenant not to sue the Released Parties for any of the claims released above
 agree not to participate in any class
 collective
 representative
 or group action that may include any of the claims released above
 and will affirmatively opt out of any such class
 collective
 representative or group action. Further
 you agree not to participate in
 seek to recover in
 or assist in any litigation or investigation by other persons or entities against the Released Parties
Nothing in this Agreement precludes you from participating in any investigation or proceeding before any government agency or body. However
 while you may file a charge and participate in any such proceeding
 by signing this Agreement
program. You do not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures or to participate or cooperate in any governmental investigation
 action or proceeding
 and you are not required to notify the Company that you have made such reports and disclosures or have participated or cooperated in any governmental investigation
 action or proceeding. Nothing in this Agreement waives your right to testify or prohibits you from testifying in an administrative
 legislative
 or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged sexual harassment when you have been required or requested to attend the proceeding pursuant to a court order
This waiver and release covers only those claims that arose prior to your execution of this Agreement. The waiver and release does not apply to any claim which
 as a matter of law
If any provision of the waiver and release is found to be unenforceable
. You understand and acknowledge that you are releasing potentially unknown claims
 and that you may have limited knowledge with respect to some of the claims being released. You acknowledge that there is a risk that
 after signing this Agreement
In addition
 you expressly waive and release any and all rights and benefits under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California (or any analogous law of any other state)
&#8220;A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT
 IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER
and that the consideration given for the ADEA Waiver is in addition to anything of value to which you are already entitled. You further acknowledge that&#58; (a) your ADEA Waiver does not apply to any claims that may arise after you sign this Agreement&#59; (b) you should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement&#59; (c) you have 21 calendar days within which to consider this Agreement (although you may choose to execute Agreement earlier)&#59; (d) you have 7 calendar days following the execution of the Agreement to revoke this Agreement&#59; and (e) the Agreement will not be effective until the eighth day after you sign this Agreement provided that you have not revoked it. You agree that any modifications
 material or otherwise
 made to this Agreement do not restart or affect in any manner the original 21-day consideration period provided in this paragraph. To revoke the Agreement
. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute or be treated as an admission by the Company or the Released Parties of any liability
 wrongdoing
. At all times in the future
 you will remain bound by your Confidentiality Agreement
. You agree that
 as of the Separation Date
 you have returned to the Company any and all Company property in your possession or control
 including
 without limitation
 equipment
 documents (in paper and electronic form) and credit cards
 and that you have returned or
incapable of being returned
 you have deleted and&#47;or destroyed all Company property that you stored in electronic form or media (including
 but not limited to
 any Company property stored in a cloud environment or in your personal computer
. Except if required by law
 you agree that you will not disclose to others this Agreement or its terms
. You agree that you will not disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company or any of the Released Parties. For the purpose of this Agreement
 &#8220;disparage&#8221; includes
 without limitation
 making comments or statements on social media or the internet
 or to any person or entity including
 but not limited to
 the press and&#47;or media
 current or former employees
 partners or principals of the Company or any entity with whom the Company has a business relationship
 that would adversely affect in any manner (a) the conduct of the business of the Company or any of the Released Parties (including
 but not limited to
 any business plans or prospects) or (b) the reputation of the Company or any of the Released Parties. A breach of this provision will be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement and will entitle the Company to recover liquidated damages in the amount of $1
. You and the Company agree that any and all claims or disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by final
 binding and confidential arbitration before a single arbitrator in Los Angeles
 CA (or another mutually agreeable location) conducted under the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) Streamlined Arbitration Rules &#38; Procedures
 which can be reviewed at http&#58;&#47;&#47;www.jamsadr.com&#47;rules-streamlined-arbitration&#47;. Before engaging in arbitration
 you and the Company agree to first attempt to resolve the dispute informally or with the assistance of a neutral third-party mediator. You and the Company each acknowledge that by agreeing to this arbitration procedure
 you and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute
 claim or demand through a trial by jury or judge or by administrative proceeding. The arbitrator
 and not a court
 shall also be authorized to determine arbitrability
 except as provided herein. The arbitrator may in his or her discretion award attorneys&#8217; fees to the prevailing party. All claims or disputes must be submitted to arbitration on an individual basis and not as a representative
 class and&#47;or collective action proceeding on behalf of other individuals. Any issue concerning the validity of this representative
 class and&#47;or collective action waiver must be decided by a Court and if for any reason it is found to be unenforceable
 the representative
 class and&#47;or collective action claim may only be heard in Court and may not be arbitrated. Claims will be governed by applicable statutes of limitations. This arbitration agreement does not cover any action seeking only emergency
. You and the Company agree that this Agreement
 the Confidentiality Agreement
 the Equity Documents
 and the Indemnification Agreement that you entered into with the Company effective as of January 16
 2020
&#8221;)
 constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company and any affiliate of the Company regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. All other prior or contemporaneous negotiations
 agreements
 understandings
. Except as to the arbitration provision
. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable
 such provision shall be deemed deleted from this Agreement and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement
 the balance of which will remain in and have its intended full force and effect&#59; provided
 however that if such invalid or unenforceable provision may be modified so as to be valid and enforceable as a matter of law
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
 each of which shall be an original
 but all of which together shall constitute one agreement. Execution via DocuSign or a similar service
 or of a facsimile copy or scanned image shall have the same force and effect as execution of an original
To accept this Agreement
 your Separation Date and return it to me on or before 5 pm PT on February 11
Sincerely
Beyond Meat
My agreement with the terms and conditions of this Agreement is signified by my signature below. Furthermore
 I acknowledge that I have read and understand this Agreement and that I sign this release of all claims voluntarily
 with full appreciation that at no time in the future may I pursue any of the rights I have waived in this Agreement. 







 INC.




Subsidiaries of Beyond Meat
Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co.
Zhejiang Province
 China











We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos.&#160;333-231186 and 333-238304 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March&#160;1
 2021
 relating to the financial statements of Beyond Meat
&#160;Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Beyond Meat
&#160;Inc. and subsidiaries&#8217; internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Los Angeles
March&#160;1
 2021











PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
I
 Ethan Brown
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Beyond Meat
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March 1
 2021











PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
I
 Mark J. Nelson
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Beyond Meat
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March 1
 2021











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Ethan Brown
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 do hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December&#160;31
 2020 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
March 1
This certification shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Mark J. Nelson
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Beyond Meat
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 do hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December&#160;31
 2020 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
March 1
This certification shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Summary of property
 plant

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    




    
    


    
    







 Options
 Outstanding





    








    
    


    
    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    












    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    




    
    


    
    


    












    




    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate









    






    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    
    


    

 Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Liability
 Payment



    




    
    


    
    








    




    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    


    
    
    








    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    




    
    
    


    




    

 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    

 Covenant
 Annual Dividend Payment


 Covenant
 Annual Dividend Payment



    
    


    
    


    




    
    





 Property



    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    





 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000 shares authorized


 Value



    




    




    
    


    
    











 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Raw Materials and Supplies









    
    


    




    




    




    

 Work in Process



    

 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    




    

 Options



    
    




    




    
    





 Stock Issued During Period
 Shares


 Stock Issued During Period
 Shares











    
    
    


    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    







 Investment Agreement


 Investment Agreement



    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payment



    
    


    
    








    
    





 Options
 Exercisable



    








    








    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis



    




    




    




    




    












    




    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    
    


    
    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Operating Lease



    
    


    





 RSUs
 common stock warrants

    










    
    


    
    


    

 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit



    






    
    


    










    
    


    

 Tax Credit
 Research






 Investment Agreement


 Investment Agreement



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    





 Investment Agreement


 Investment Agreement











    




    




    

 Members or Limited Partners



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid









    
    








    
    


    




    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability



    











 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    






    
    
    


    






    
    
    










    

 Liability
 Payment



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Liability



    
    








    
    








    




    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    






    
    


    
    





 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Liability
 to be Paid






 Damages Sought



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    
    





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    
    


    

 Issuance of Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    






    
    




    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    




    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    







 to be Paid



    
    


    
    


    
    





 Stock Split






 Assembled Workforce


 Assembled Workforce



    




    
    








    
    


    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Unvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Unvested



    
    


    







 Shares



    
    





 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Grants in Period


 Grants in Period



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Liability


 Liability








 Options
 Outstanding



    




    
    








    
    





 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    

 Liability



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    





 Unearned Cost


 Unearned Cost



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Net of Tax



    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    






    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Plant



    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    












    

 Operating Lease


 Operating Lease



    
    


    




    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    







 Operating Lease



    
    


    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    




    

 Return to Provision and Other


 Return to Provision and Other









    




    




    
    


    

 Tax Withholding



    

 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 State and Local











    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    





 Long-term



    
    








    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments




 Lease


 Lease



    




    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    

 Finished Goods



    
    








    




    
    


    
    



 plant and equipment


 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    

 Liability



    






    

 Nonvested Award
 Excluding Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    




    

 Cost


 Cost



    






    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    

 Stock Options



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    




    
    


    
    





 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment



    
    


    

 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    




    
    




    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    
    


    







 Stock Issued During Period
 Value



    

 Liability



    
    


    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    
    




    

 Value









    

 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    




    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    




    




    
    





 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax



    
    


    

 Stock Warrant Liability


 Stock Warrant Liability



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    




    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Shares



    
    


    
    


    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Liability



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    
    


    




    






    




    
    


    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    




    






    

 Covenant
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio


 Covenant
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio



    
    


    
    







 Plant
 and Equipment


 Plant
 and Equipment



    




    
    
    
    








    
    


    
    



 par value $0.0001 per share&#8212;500
000
000 shares authorized at December 31
 2020 and 2019; 62
820
351 and 61
576
494 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019


 Value



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments






 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    








    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability



    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    

 Award Vesting Rights



    
    





 Shares



    




    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    








    




    

 Value


 Value



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 Carrying Amount



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    










    
    
    


    




    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    




    




    
    


    
    




    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    



 noncurrent


 Liability
 Noncurrent



    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    



 plant
 and equipment


 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    



 Lease


 Lease



    




    
    


    
    
    
    


    

 Liability



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    








    




    
    


    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    




    

 Options



    
    


    

 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    
    
    


    

 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset









    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    


    

 Not Part of Disposal Group






 Options
 Vested And Expected To Vest


 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest



    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    
    



 plant







    


    
    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    

 Shares



    

 Cost


 Cost



    
    


    
    
    


    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    




    
    


    

 Shares


 Shares



    
    

 Options





    





 Right-of-Use Asset



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    
    




    




    

 Other Adjustments



    




    




    




    
    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    

 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 State and Local



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    

 Operating Lease


 Operating Lease



    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease


 Operating Lease



    




    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments



    







 Investment Agreement


 Investment Agreement



    
    

 Cash Equivalents



    







 Plant and Equipment



    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents



    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Future Minimum Payments



    
    

 Liability



    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    




    




    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis




 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation


 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation









    
    








    




    









 Value



    
    


    
    


    

 Value



    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease


 Operating Lease






 General and Administrative Expenses



    




    
    


    






    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    

 Plant



    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    
    


    
    








    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits






 to be Paid



    
    








    
    


    

 Options



    

 Finance Lease



    
    





 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    
    





 Options
 Exercisable



    
    
    








    
    


    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding



    

 Unused Capacity



    




    
    








    

 Covenant
 Leverage Ratio


 Covenant
 Leverage Ratio




 Shares Available for Grant


 Shares Available for Grant


 Shares Available for Grant



    
    


    
    




    
    


    




    
    





 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 bynd-20201231_g1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @$!+ $L  #_[0 L4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
  X0DE- ^T
M     ! !+     $  0$L     0 !_^%





N;W)G+S$Y.3DO
#(O
C(M

M;G





#$Y+3 U+3$W5#$V.C R







M2'@X9B\X04%%46=!8T%%04%W15(F(WA!.T%!25)!44U2068O14%A24%!04%(
M05%%0D%114%!04%!04%!04%!449!=TE'05%!2$-!:TM#=T5!06=)1$%114)!



0T(S4%-.94I%9WAD56MW9TI#:&=:2FI:1D=I9&MD


2MF
T]%:%EA2&E);4MI-'E.




8U-J6G)H

2TUY3U):9&]F-6M3:#%H
M

G%S
M.$5E6%9W=%)L=C!H:%=A

Q5W4Q4418
M2W



S9B2&M4



S$S



M5&1#26A'


&UN
E)-;VEI858W
M9V)*5E=694LQ
U R=75563E41V
K1U!C
7AY:54F(WA!.W%#8UIK3G)S5F1I



M1V4F(WA!.VXV1W


V

U


M2W5X5C)+=7A6




V-G@R





35R
&1T-6=S=$M)2ML4G5Z365O
M4LF(WA!.S8O=C1S33)%.#1'45$W




M-&MN3FHR9FDT65@S=59P;U9'*SEL95HW:T]X5C)+=7A6

M=7A6



F%86&%B:%!%3U)C2%!I
M;S)/5$5C

O:2MS
T4V4U)%06-14&A
1W8O


M=34V1G%93EAM1U
F(WA!.U9J=5A.35-.:$QD36UH9S%+

M4$980DY0;WEN1U%*06YL8EA%






V=W8K


M944F(WA!.T)%54]4;7AI04M#=&MK=7A6


M2W5X5C)+=7A6






M2W5X5C)+=7A6


68Y3B\V4S10*V$X5E)7;BM9=DPK
M;WE'3%0Y5'1

F5E0S-G:VYN:U=+0TI3

D%!

68Y3B\V4S10*V$X5F0O:FIY


M8FE/

M

M97EK=E
U:D9Q='A%6F59
DLX03
F(WA!.TQK2V1+67$Q92MA=DQ&:F-V83-U



'A6
DMP8F8K6G9

W


M5%-Q:U9X5D
O-#0X;\Y6]49BMK=40O;79&55AP
G8V1'%B=DAP=7!7=#@X



DLQ<%A&540O04DT.&PO.$$F(WA!.U8O,#,O<$QG+W=#83A69]J:GE8

G%2
W4Y;35M:C1Y:6]7

&UU56QD
M6C515U5E:VAC
4

P;5-0
3=:


M


M839R-2LQ5S8P

Q;'194')
=F
X*TI8;7%52$)73F%T:6PV2B\P2U0U
M


WI(



-V1X
M4FPY:FER
V(X
'9.*VTK8G8K8V1T5#$W5'I31S93
#E316UR4E
F(WA!.W)F





M-4)B
VQL9#AJ3EHF(WA!.VUO2$]
;%9G1C9L3VA(5&9F1F%F6&E/:VE
2D=W
M9$A!6DA5
4),T)1TQ&.&4O.#509BM456XO04]93S(O-&EC5U%:-R]Z:E K

6UB.3E#0V1%;F
W=$=.

U

2FQG2WEA-V8X;W1
='I1
%E$-' S2#AK9&9P3D(F(WA!.S0T


6MM;6-L;60S=49
37A056MN1DPP






%ER
M9%=-.&1X0S(K-W@F(WA!.TU';V99

M


M
&XF(WA!.V57
3


M8C-#

T5I

V

M5V]6;DI

D9A67)4

W-6(V-G4Y
M3S%'8E9'54941% Y5%IF44MT4G%);T9#971A:EDT;V5&9FPS*UI'=651=%5U
M9%
P94
Q;FYU;U F(WA!.W$X:3-A4T]G5&UR

O
M=T%X=BMR9&\O.$%Y2G5V*WEN1F%F549Q261A.'5W:E5)56QH
4LP6#8S0E$K

M
6M$53E7

M





F(WA!.U)6

X6C=B:G-+

$

94UB
%)*26=+;G54
M
4HW;D97568X-5HO*U1'



F)M
M

M8DYT+SA!:S5
:7E$-D@Q
WEU4$Y8-51T;T%)5U
Y
'E!44TS450F(WA!.U)O

U1#
3%E
W K


7)(-5@X


O=T-C:B]Y


M:U0F(WA!.U!90U53:49E9E!K95A
;%=T9#8T;UIH-5AU+WDU;&YU4#A
5&%0
M2D]Q03-8-DQA


M4S%J935&
4]Y
E5587

M9E)T46$V;3!Y-6HY1V$R1VU127!J-TM#;'5P5VPF(WA!.TYU2D9-5E)F+T]/
M9FUE5'DY*UIK1VXS4F%+1%=&8E0U-#)Q3TTY955.5E W6'%
=R]W0FMC5DQ/
M9BMC=V8K;5
O=T
S:\R2S1O1#$F(WA!.T0X:'8O2E-E6&8X06I$3]!3E)%
M;4ML;C)+2'DO=T0Y0VDK62]W1'$O=T)N+W=!:7!C5U9Q.6XO04TT:6%S8FA2

M+S(F(WA!.V8O27%81DYU+W=#:%)F368O5B]S+W=$:U9

W
M3WI:9S=7
$5C3$]/:$UA0F%J-W-73'E$.#
O=T%H9%@X.2MA
#$F(WA!.W4P
M
5

P
M2D1W
C-$

M



35R.'
V6C5N.'98
M
F@F(WA!.V%K;DLP=EEY:DU0=$EW


GIN1D1X2#@R

5EW45169'0X56=V



M=RMO=U1

M:6ED.C(T

M+F1I9#HR-# Y
34T8BTV9&$W+30X
F0M8C

M96YT240^=75I9#HU1#(P.#DR-#DS0D9$0C$Q.3$T03@U.3!$
S$U
#A#.#PO





M;V-U;65N=$E$/G5U:60Z-40R
#@Y
C0Y
T)&1$(Q
3DQ-$$X-3DP1#
Q-3 X
M0S@\+W-T4F5F.F]R:6=I;F%L1&]C=6UE;G1)1#X*( @( @( @( @/'-T






&(W


M/C(P
3DM
#$M
C54
38Z
3 Z-#4M
#@Z
# \+W-T179T.G=H96X^B @( @
M( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/D%D;V)E($EL;'5S






M8RUE.3$Q

M( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IW:&5N/C(P
3DM
#$M
C54
38Z-#
Z
3$M
#@Z
# \
M+W-T179T.G=H96X^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R
M94%G96YT/D%D;V)E($EL;'5S=')A=&]R($-#(#(R+C$@*$UA8VEN=&]S:D\
M+W-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V
M=#IC:&%N9V5D/B\\+W-T179T.F-H86YG960^B @( @( @( @( @(#PO





#$Y
M+3 Q+3(U5#$W.C(Q.C4Y+3 X.C P/]S=$5V=#IW:&5N/@H@( @( @( @

M9V5D/@H@( @( @( @( @( \+W)D9CIL:3X*( @( @( @( @( @



M( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/D%D;V)E($EL;'5S=')A=&]R($-#
M(#(R+C$@*$UA8VEN=&]S:D\+W-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @
M( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/B\\+W-T179T.F-H86YG960^






P
#@S830M-&1F


M=7)C92(^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX^8V]N=F5R






M
#!C+3 U
F
M-#=F.2TY-&$T+65E83 T

M8V5)1#X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C Q.2TP
2TR
M.50Q
SHR-SHT
2TP.#HP

@
M
C(N






M960\+W-T179T.F%C=&EO;CX*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.FEN

34T8BTV9&$W+30X
F0M8C

M.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC:&%N





M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

M0B!865H@!\X  @ )  8 




         $G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

V
3DV-BTR+C$
M                                     %A96B        #S40 !
M 1;
6%E:(                     !865H@        ;Z(  #CU   #D%A9

M.38V+3(N

M8V4@5FEE=VEN9R!#;VYD:71I;VX@:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ

+



MCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+(@LYU$+:0N Y@+L O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
 

M#IL.M@[2#NX/0\E#T$/7@]Z#Y8/LP_/#^P01 F$$
081!^$)L0N1#7$/41
M$Q$Q$4\1;1&

2XQ
#$R
30Q-C$X
3I!/%



'/4='AU''7 =



M4#B
.

M?4/ 1 -$1T2*1

M2:E)\$HW2GU*Q$L


%JX8.AG*&UX<[AY^(!(AIB,Z),XF9B?Z*9(K*BS+EHO\C&.
RHTQC9B-

MEW67X)A

MV*%'H;:B)J*6HP:C=J/FI%:DQZ4XI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@J%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6

MM\LVR[;

O53M71



B
6-XBX44(D55;6

E8I:!4Y
TU#4FD7)Y.H*2TT2T=8:F9Z?G$0$  @$ @8&!@8$
M0@' @\  0(#$00%!B$Q05$2!V%Q@3(3

5,&DK+PHD-3

E51?C5)2D&/'21.0U92:$M

(0A!Q:U:UFUIB*Q&LS/5$=\N)F*Q-K3I6'3NS=Q'!.G^L
MEV'ESCZQN*





(




MII





=.CZ_2O\ %YG\YX_?W-+]
M/Z6+%]'W:5_Y?2Y_B?

M
TDE]AM@\
/'Z80C&/H]'7[+T6T_F3XE33\]PK!D[_AYK8_[V/+_ (='I3&#


MW=_KM6-.6'2







/ N(:1LMYMLEI[*Y*3;^SKXH]L.T'HDP
M
M
M
M
M
M                                                        ^5FL

MWO=GL

M)F]=^G;/H_KZ

UHX_6*T9X^B'2^_^/2'

M]%I\..?[;#K=?-3NYH5J''7%%M0C,WL^4W7.5;J$T/]6-; 8*C9QDC/ICX



MQY;UKZIK%O#


M^8/#M(W&?!O

\_H9XG#
[X;Y@<I<3T
MKCW=

8?#+&
&1


5H
MMCGJF)UB?5
=#V51W
M
M
M
M
M

M98JC6GDA+&:C
+VQ28[8F6 O(GF+]PNYQN;;7;[<<8JMUDDH:QC:=UE_41A'XM?

MU]-(I]NN-.*^:?-&_P!:;6V/:89[

M!M.2CXO]OV+
9#

WUA;74TD81A+?6
A(\/XOQ3A5_B<-W&;!;7]\UB?7$3I:/1





Q/LED+

Q+ZRY5P
M
M
M
M
M
M                            'YFFEDEFGGFEEDEEC----&$LLLLL.LTT

1&L]$03





M3.Y.\RU_5]



M(B/3

HXPTR:\PW%N
N.3
[



_(Q?N\



M]U'


MLTQ
3&L=
2R7$Q
:QU/TY
M
M
M
M
M

L:QK';
M2GBMK&EO!KJQSS/YD\%X%XMMLYC=\2CH\-)^Y6?U[]
:Q^&NMNC2?#KJA5YH

A&YWS9*DV(I5HUL=J6(A4QNK8N/H\


M^9
OCXEEGX$3K7'7[N.OJKKTS^M:;6].CHEXUYP

TLM72-EJU[G'4



MNZ]

MQV5KUSZYTK';
(.NX?ONY0YG]OUW6IZW'?'MQXZ$V'Q-W/\ +V;M8](1AL6=

[#@=NCP4M^\R1_T








C2(S1T[BD?K3
Z9HC]:8OV^.W15EKE;S4XAP[P[/C


Q6)M:=*PXF8B-9Z(A&'W
^
6






:EWD+J
DT]+'X





6K:/1
?1


M
M
M
M
M
M    

MAA

MUJE2?K




M\3%;2


M
M
M
M


]]UNKVR;C);6UK3K
S/;
OD+90


M:K4N.EOF):-.::OF-4J5YH5;ZQFEIQJ5;:

M;:-IG\.VYBI7[^&9Z+Z1TWPS/3:O1K:O3;'U3XJZ7MLYR;SUL.:

8
OAP\8

M
M
M
M
M                                                           #
M^1C6$8QC$(0C&



9IIIIH]8QCZ8Q:L3
MVF;6F9M
]
L%S
S.L]
R_+AP
M                         ^CB
QE=?REAF\'D;W$9C%W5*]QV3QUS5L[Z
MQNZ$T)Z-Q:W-:2K1JTYH=81EC*OM=UN=CN:;S9Y+XMUCM%J7K
UM6T=4Q
M=

MUOID(5[';-SL9JEO7VWQR3T+G#86K&$E:CK

3$Q.DQ
M=4Q/9
=DN:VM2T6K


ME4K5Z]:I+2HT:-*6

M_PC_O\ [/7&6U[8C
M                       ?V$8PC


M
M
M
M
M
M             !_(QA+,8QA$(1C&
8](0A#TQC&
?1$('5TSU$;OD[T9

M                                                         _L(
MQA&$81C,(PC
(](PC#TPC,/3

MFG;3?5H4YMQMZ




[:)Z/E]?CB





4C]..B(C)6/F5[8^_7H\44

M
M
M
M
M

9:]-H_R-)[?V[?H1V1]^=/NZP$S

9IIIIH]8QCZ8Q:43
VF;6F9M
M]

M                           ?8U[8





M
M
M
M
M



M                                    [(XEY4VOAG?
)O\ I]UZC*8B



]KIYY9!
M
M


=$Q
3K$]S;##FQ;C%7/@M%\-ZQ:MHG6)B

M
M
M
M
M                          #^1C6$8QC$(0C&


]:PA'ITN(ST81C-5HR0V=\B/
3X&6O)'&+_N;S
[2]I]
MVTZS;!
SV6Z;8_UM:=

S@M/9;KG%KW6Z9I^MK7]
M*L)F6V#/8
M
M
M
M
M                    -CS.YC_IQJ

M

;S'^]M






6;I-$T.O2



M
M
M
M




M2

M
M
M
M
M                                                          PS

&';8:;
M?;TKCV^.L5K6L1%:UB-(B(CHB(CHB(Z(ALMBQ8\&.N'#6*8J1$5K$:1$1T1$
M1'1$1'5#W%5W
M
M
M
M

MUJL\824Z5*E)&:::


6[O#2R=X+PBW$

3^S6SIYY9!

E,L]78;RK\F\W')Q\P\UX[8^]%L6&=:W
Z;=L8Y[.J;]

LE*A;T*4

MC/ N7*\ V=].(\2\5;:===O'1DGT?$F8QQKUUG)ITU8L\U.8IX7P:.$[:VF\
MWFL3WUQ1[\^CQS

M          'NXW&9'

MT;W!\=SQHWF)P=66
BLK,(0EA$(0A$(0A$.D(0AZ(0A'HA$
M&RG5T1U
T/Z
M
M
M
M

MBI.3)
5QUB9F9ZHB.F9GT1#5T[D^8KOG3F#:]\GGK0P]6Y^2-2M*WBEC8:IB
MIZE#$4O53^FA6O99I[RO)UC6ZN:O3T='SIY_P:LO.7-.YXU
S^4FW@PUG]
M'#36*1IV3;IO:.R][-.^;./7YCX[FXE.OP)GPXXGLQUZ*]'9
]-K1^*TNB7C
M'G                                       $S/8'VA7.&GQW.W)V*G
_+/D:^:\Q\

M]9-;W%ULW@CTJ20Z0EUR
WIA/#K+\'7I-+[7S\WL;7R^R8)G_P 3N\./UZ3.
M;O\ ^BU[?5VQZ3S7W
8.4;XO\]N

]/\ 2UZVC;6

D1^CW9(Z.RWAG3Q8&L

;@                /;M+


M7=?YO)_9G_D?+K4:UO5GH7%*I0K4X^&I1K4YJ56G-\/AGISPEGECZ?@C!;WI






2E]MDQ<Q\YXX^-72V':VZ?#/7%\\=6L==<79T?$Z=:1G
M?D7RTMAO3C'



77ICTA_L^/M[BMZ8Q]'H7FRX=Q

L@M:[


MIO

.GKC+:ENCNTU]&KT^TY!YOWFDXMCEK$_YSPX]/7&2

98P\4(1A&/K]G_+YSWN-)W%]AMX[?'EO:?^KQWB9_K1'1UO0[?R


8RX[ YC*2PJ



M30M.;LC1K]9?#4N- MKJE'6'BA-1I[?:3S1C+\']9#I'_3\XR?RU;6:Z8N
M
9(OWSMHF/HC/7[5:_DO@FOW.(7BWIPQ





8PA'UW+?(G-?-EX_@FSRY-O
Z3EM'@PQIUZY+:5F8[:UF;=T2]!P;E


MK3UC%0O
;J-G7EA+--+=W


M=MBK@V]*X\%(TK6L1%8CNB(Z(A]!750
M
M
M
M


3U3'=+B



M
S^K%J=6E*]



C)3DA+
M))+_ .D(/14I6E8I2(BD=41&D1[$Q6M:QX:Q$5CLAY79R]'(8O&9:C&VRN.L











MIIIIH])9998=8QFC&/H@1$S.D=
R1$S.D=;*#C3LV[A^4I*%YA= OL'A;B
L


MTM_E

M7C[RL




DV
MI$_LUKW]?2]_P[D+E/AL1.+9X\F2/TLNN69].E]:Q/[-8^EDGC\;CL3:4K#%
M6%EC+&A#I1L\?:T+*THPC\

G6



M.2^5-UTY=AMHF?PTBG]SPNF


&XV_^CSY)[O\ .SE_PF?1I ;CRKY/
+K&$(?
M9C&7RV[_ );.*TU_(\4V^3_28KX_[MLOI_PGH@MQY
[^O_A=]AO^WCM3[+9'

MQU0V7RRY_P /O\)WLZ_AIXO[NJ.OR3S9C][A^Y]E?%_=U? N.W#N#M:LU&IP
W!^)
MZ^C:YK1]-:3'UK:W*G

DQ]
\_\



M:Q6(K6(BL1I$1V/([.0
M
M
M
M


.NZ4?

3'KA1S[?
M!NL4X-S2F3!:-)K:(M68]



M
SWXKZZ1W1COCCT
?P3XJ:^FEM=/56U(8);SY97.6O

_J:5*^GUC-U(2^F6-6QS?3#T8U(?!TR
_2/7KTAZ8X:XS_

\9O.4N9




7_:37

)+;$8NKC:L:?IA-

M;8*]L3:U[?16LU_QV4NB^5OQUB;BSN^0.0=DW'U

NIH1A--


MO68_N
:-H\M_N5P



_Q?BPI6
5^#3&3'@^/N8_3S:7G7OBND4B8[)BNL=_0RTEEEDEEDDEEEDEEA++++$L

M&OA









C+&


MFX_FC!CG_)X]+7]4WG[E9]47A)WQ;VS\(\.R4*FD:%B+;+4821CLF5IS9S99
MZLL)835I

?Y6\?



M]WLWI
M
M
M
M


MG7\P_

1

,9IIIXPR9Y%\]5X[P*.6M_?_P+

8*6;!@W%/A[BE+T[K1%H^B=5/)BQ9J^#+6MJ]TQ$Q];




7\<:8]ALZQZ
&./LJYCC=0U


L:E7#33^&7[$

M?OG:X)GZ9QK._+7+F2?%?A^RM;OG!BG_FO'3[?.!*






M3KC26MWFGS17BG$8X)L[:[+:6GQS'5;-U3[

4V'#

ST1'3

M7^6Q3$VGT9
T3

N3PUZ_@XYZ?5?)'1'IBFOH


M?#AQTM:T]U:Q
S/LB&I[R)NN2Y&WO;][R\8PR&V;#E

M&C&:


MW6BT1WV]H]*                                      CG[WN\*QXFP



MOS#YZQ\$V]N#\+OKQG)72UH_R-9CKU_SDQ[L==8^_.GW8M ?---/--//---/
M--&::::
9IIIIH]9IIIH]8QFC&/IBTJF9F=9Z9EK5
S
ZSUOX#.[MP[$.1^:




ME82V=3KUCTO8=(?9AAGSUX__  ?D;)LL4Z;KB&6N&._P1]_)/JFM8I/^D]L8




M;F$LD)Z^I9&OZNGDZ=::

=-GGM79\P

E*[?+
;?B^FDX[3T7GOQ6


D:E6M6JU(RTZ5*E3EC----&$)80ZQ]#

=)R9)BN.L3
S
Z1$1TS
S/1$1'7+K:U:5F]YB*1&LS/1$1'7

]2I-'K+2

MB(Z;6F8K6(F;3$1

=LNZR3I6M8UF?^2(ZYF=(B.F9B(3A=
ML/E^ZIQK#';GR[)CMUWVG-2O++!0A[7J.K5Y8RU*



M
M
M
M
M
M                                            @;\S;D2.Q\S8+0+6

L8S?Z6E_P#
+QV=_P V

)<-KT1&
M6TQFK'=7-$3
_P#K*Y)[(FL

7<SL=W/Z&YCP1KU=&6)MBT_:O6=.G2
M.G3
F3!;JM68M6
M?5,3,3['N\67%GQQEP6K?%/5-9B8GU3'1+W594
M        ?*SF=PVLXC(9_8<I8X7XJVGO
EE










O%
D?O
NGM\
M%.V*1/MM/3;LK7*QDE[0
M
M
M
M
M




V:]HU[*S
^&/972/8Z\02+

M
/1&'1(\.XSQ?@^7XW=UN-MEUZ\62^.9]?AF-?:O-GQ'B'#K_$V&?-AOWTO
M:GT^&8U9.ZKW[=T&KRTZ,W(%/9+2E-:%KM6 PF5FGZ0Z1A4R5.RM


M-/7-Z_1I[5_3SDX-

9R7-8F^TXI%NW3'@F/I_
1K]$

MK;__ .R[?_6+EG_

/IUM1FZ

M[NUW4V]/PX^OQS]C


M1A,(PC
(PZPC/HC
(^B


M7BW7%JQI2\]UZQT=/XXTMKTSXNIK][#@
QJF=S&L[!8UL9G
!DKW$9;'W'A]

(32QFDFAZ98QA&$6D6^V6ZX;O



?3[.XUZUQ

8RUS.1MY*=2XL





M
M
M
M
M                                                      #&GO W

M/:5Y6M^LOAJW%CLF*H6U:


M                &N;YA&/QUAW2;M/80DDJ9#%:CD


M
M
M
M
M
M                                              13^:=NL;+2.
^/
F.L^VM8GVNJ]-URZW';]5U*RA/&\VC8\)KUKG$9_:
M,UDK;'48RPC







M
M
M
M
M

I4GFJ5*DTT\\\\T9IYYYHQFFGGFFC&:::::/6,8^F,7S'F9M,VM,S:
M9Z9:2S,S.L],R_+AP               _L(QA&$81C
(PC,(](PC#TPC

?ZRVOXU








=U?T8GWK:1I


TTTT8QFFC&
6A63)DS9+9LUIMEO
M:9M
SK
S
ZS
S/3
S/3
M5+WODO.3)
VR6F9F9Z9F9Z9F9[9EWEVV\*9/GKE
M?7]'M9+BEA9:D



M&WU\66T?HXZ^]/KGHK7]:8;0F.Q]CB
?8XK&6M&QQN


MG_%M
^SMZGC/

6G;X+S\6D^K[]JQ^Q


                   =5\S



ZVF9M
S.HG&N
;WCW$LG$]_;7/



1&
MV'(_*F/E;A7P\ND\3S:6S6CLGLI$_AIK/3VVFUNJ8B



WR3FZ.?Z^JA+&;P1P4

MMIYII(3PC:ZCO]]3\
9II80C5LM4N*4L_66/Q8S0FA#I'ITC#K$Y/.;RTQ6\


FFEEARQ+
M,TT)81FT?DB27K&/2'BGGT^6267_ $QC&$(?94X\ZO+*9T_B?_XONO\ W#K'
MF5R3,Z?G?^IS_P#NGWK;O4[7;NKC2Y@P$D\98S=;FPV&RI=)?AZU[S#4*
)


M8GN1[?\ -^&.YHXRJ5*D))J=XW3 8^ZG]9)&I62TR%]:W,T\LDL?%+3Q

WO3)7OK:+1]
M4R^HN58
M
M
M
M
6\]GXJU[8GI[HF&*_-[<?Y8QX8Z\N[I'LB



MA.PW+;'                  /C;%L.$U+!9;9MDR5KA\#@[&XR66R=[/&2V
MLK*UIQJ5JU2






N;1XZ:_M4UM[9I6&<.H[[I&_6$,II&VZ[MEA&66::YU_,
M6.4DH^*,80DN9;.O5GM:L)I8PC)4A)/+-
(PA&$8


M                                    #KWDWE+1^']4OMSW[-V^%PUG


INO#M^$;*)]Z^XO
?LQAK7T]/CM]$]?9@_


DUW8V]S)#)X^
F'Q:D?3!-\M<9R




E8M68ZIK:-8F/1

M


M;RW+O!

M /A&*WWK1/SKQV^FE9]WLM/W^G[ND=;!+%@  #L_5.%.7]YA3J:CQEO6P6]6



)HRPZPA'K#K[K8^
V^2D?56;6^


M^.._3%

M
WPQA+-&$/L1^!=3_+1.D^'C6MO]DT__ 

UQ+'Q3=.G2

S^3_

ML_7CT_QO^5TMLG8KW1:UI4J\8W.9MJ?CZ7.MYO7LW&K2:
.M.PM
I-EX^*



M8].L:%]85J%S1C'I_JS07.SWN\X?GKNMAFRX-U7JOCM:EH]5JS$Q[)5MON=S
MM
L9]IDOBSQU6I::VCU3$Q


?
3Y_T2-&TV6]Q7)N&IQDDFH;3;0MLW2H
M2]/%+:[%B9;6YGKS]/\ W+VG?1]

T:9(C

W#=*;NU-YMX[
D:7T]%ZZ3KZ;Q=(UQ;YC' ^]^SV.V
MU




M?1DK]MZTAG5B

GB+ZUR6/NJ?\ ]4MKVSJUK:O)

3&G/WFAP'D7!.'+
;CCMJZTV])Z8UZK9;=
8Z=VL3:WZ-9C68\7
MS7SQPKE?%..\_&XI






M\[O









MKV8]S'_M


MO+

M
NF6^Q6LL9*=3:-


M.KO/_GW:_CX5R/T5Z:VW=HZ9_P!!2T='^DO&OX:1
19@[FSS6FWBV'+'17IB




S
S/7
S/3
SWR]-24TX'E7Y6-;C'DW



M
M
M
M


MLN5]7&:

MO\PF?XW/E
;!C%X                 2_P K[;*^+YFW#49JL9;#;-%K7L:/CA%
M7+:SE;&K83QDC-$\:6.RM]\$(S0\7^CJV!_EUXG?;<V;KA<S^YW6RFVG??%


DV9A



]?WK:SV







MEZ\:^5RD\OAATFN*U6;T0]+8'@?+/+_+6#\OP+:8-MCF-)FE?O6_;O.M[^NU
MIEEKAG!.$\%Q?!X7M\6&G;X8^]/[5IUM;^M
NPTZE              &./*/





?[N^O?

MA;9FWDFP62N(_%^-6DQM/I&/^B'7 7

D?




M7$]\
U.(^_CGSB_V7'Y/-4N2-;H0ITHXG=IJ]YD:-O+&'BEL-GI3R9JE5\$(
*2K0KT9IZ56E/+'K:
M6
81@S%CRX\V.
N&U;XK1K$Q
3$Q/5
3'1

6I
:Q
3K$QWQ
M



M8B

V;Q\1R?N(G6N*O1CKZJ]L_K6F

MQC]CK'])M-_+3G_ /WQMIG_ .ZVB/\ 7Q:=?[/]':SIY+9?_P!XX9G_ #%H
MC_6Q/]'^&J89M.SJ
M
M
M
M
M           UU_,1N:M?NCVVE4FA&2SP&FVU$)80\-*;7;*[C+&
(0C-'U]

M)^V98/,/L=@                 ,XO+MNJEOW1:I2I^'PWVO[E:UO%
8PI



-LZ?6
?!;
M6-E2H6U6,T8QC66'6








D6X'O



M6
LWA\




M*T

=&E



?
MF)Q_C\6P5M^5X?/^3QS
3


7-*G5A&


M
M
M
M
M                                                     -;COY_:
MSY7_ /Z%_1KIK07SK_\ ^F\3_P#Z?_\ M
#5#S+_ .-M[_ZG_L
3#UBQX4



RUQ@=MU_
ZSFK6
/:

D\;:]I4:L

G2T1.D]D]4
M]<,6[O9;O89YVV^Q9,.XKUUO6:S]$Q'1W3U2^ LEL^ABLOEL%?V^5PF4R.&R
M=I/I:Y+%7MSCK^VJ0]





W7D70^.





_M5GLFXW&'URYFGA'4=1A5U_7XT9_AMKR2A
M7J9/

V*
M
M
M
M


M;KC)BCV5V^*L?5$-2_
6\WYSWTVZ_%CCZ
6.(^J&)S&;Q0




M                                      '#=VX\T;DC$S8/?-3P6UXR
M/BC);9K'T+R:VJ30Z1KV-Q/+[5C[F$/@JT)Z=2'V)D5Q?@7!N/[:=GQK;8=S






3#+C0._;N5T.









#E\?F+7XT.L/]HQ]Q


M/HCZZM2A






MQT'%UX321LM%QTN

L.D(U[R]JUKBK
NU




M
M
M
M

WK+[0=5OJ




SV1#BUHK$VM
16(U



M$O\;\QN6.#1..,WYG=1^AATMT^F^O@CIZ)^]-H_BSY&\Q7N!V_/TKW2\C8

_B[R?(UH?T8R4:-K;S2Q]-*
?C-


CLN*]14
MM8V&;O
9;5\C;36E6







/3!4PYLV


7GKAL1&T



&.._P#S48_\(CTZ^@V_FGSA@^9FQ9OV\5(_N13_  CUNU
5YI7
M=$L,SH/&N1A



TUZ?;CM

M]9M$7X+
4[9C=ZS]'Y:-?IA7KYTUU^]PV8KZ-QK]7P8^U^:GFOTX5)X4N!IY

L)YH0CZ.L?A+?S+U\4^'@LS7



M#&UYJ?Q9H=9/[0QSTL8PC'K\:$WIA#['6$?.;OSY\P]S$_!S;;;_ .CP4G3_


MJ
\M2

.G2
81\GO_ #

=_

MCTCUC&E+Q]JUG&
T/]6;UUK/Z/\ 1TC]EH1YVX[4\R^(VMU7KMYCU?EL-?MB
M6J7F92:\Z[R9ZK1AF/\ 4XX^V)8:L4O!@                   .0ZUMVU:



.R5*5.$(2S7UOA

T\8QCUC'
MTQC&/ML/FSYBX

5?!7?Y9B.^*6GZ;5

(0C#UU[JEQ6A+Z/1+XO##[$/
M2N\?G/YEXJ^&O$[3'IP;:T_3;#

O8_P#/GNS_

/L.)\ZO
V8T_B?







M2I3J4YX1DGISR1C,(PC
(](NMJUO6:7B)I
:3$]




1_5M/



?86U:\OKV[N)Y:5UM
M+2WDJ5[FXKU)H2R222S3331A$(Q5

M69F9Z(B(UEWQ8LF;)7#AK:^6TQ$5K$S
S/5$1'3

M9$.Y'JT\                                           X?G./- V:
M

?3TZ^E



MZ1I^'-N*_P!W-&OM1]_+GDO)IXMC7H[LF:OV9(?'N_+][4KF$D*/'%Y81DC-

MWU:+>_EER7?W=I:OJS9OZ
T*UUO&_25)98R


16M8B(B(

.VYDWVWV]*X\%-SDBM:Q$5K$6G2(B.B(CNATL\D\^
M      EB\JBTA/MO
-_XINMMKNJVD)80^)&%]D\M6C---\
)I8X^'2'V81C_
3%-=[O\ +W8L<?3:T_\ -33MM6?P
M
M
M
M
M                                                      $GF?X
M^:UY_P!:O80J1I9/BS!5?'-X?!XM=EV^TJTJ?2$(])*-.E-'KU]
_\ ^#2S




34A6Q6R83%9_&5H1A&%7'YB
MQH9&RJ0C#T1A4MKB6/\ ]-]-N'[W!Q+88.([6==MN
-
E)[ZWK%JS[8F&[&T




M

G[1DZLL.D(1A-+-UC'T=-ROY<]K
VY[^M\

WC)6/^DPSU1W3..]IGO\$=T,P^3W%/@<7W'KS]S<8HO7]O'/5'KK:TS^S
M'H3CMPVQ                                                   #








L81]$7TEB8F-8Z8EN;$Q
:QU/TY



M::M&MAY?!'6/CZ=(1^/AO
O8?Q/D'BNUB-9C9WR1&FNLX=
T:1WZTC3TO+


8UY\OJT\^ N[FY]
?Z_(0Q



4:Y;
MVBL1WS
Z1'TR[X\=\N2N+'&M[6B(COF9TAMTX#$6^OX+X&TC-KA
3CL1;1

MV&

M'?Q7GGA6STUK.]QWM'?7%/Q;Q_9I.KTG)^S_ #_-&PVVFM9W-+3'?6D^.W^+

M
M
M
M



M    


M52AXK?1]*S^6IW

M:XQ^7NXP^#K)3G]/V(YQ_E^X7



@
M
M
M
M

MV



MZA.                                                 -6_NC_:



W]^6G7./_%7$/\ :\G]Z70SQ;S8            #9F[+])C


(PC&$81A&$8PC,.D81AZ(PC

^[UIVDV/CA=;9LV$UZE/3A
U'




M




KQQR

M#^8_@


MSAO/IC6]/;



E8_'2O8])RGQ[)RYQS#Q&)

C&
L)
MJ
8V


+ECDK!
\6SQ;?376N#'I
M;-;N^[KI2L]ELDUK/3I
ST/

M=
ST(IJ'?1RES'S_ 
0V$MQ#1.-YN4](MJVJ8:]KPFR./N]FQ]K4J;7F9):%
MSFO54:\9XT)9*%E&





MQ_B?4D@9[96
M
M
M
M
M          8R=X7&



WY[86Y?W=M=UMHUQZ]=L6O5Z9QS.G[-JQ'NRD\;#LO

.K)#TO*<S\[<L\H8/C<=W5





S/?

S/?
STS





M




+9;6LWW.;)6E*]]KS%:Q[9F(5MO@R


)GE[CN^

-]8[ICJ

MDDO\5?4ZEM$8R^.2

(RS6-M:5I(QC#ULT&N_-/GSS;QOQ;?@



MC3^I6LQWRP#R&1R&6O;K)Y6^O

M:I'TQFGFC-&/PQ83SY\^ZS6W&YO?)N+SK:UIFUK3/7


MZ%?:_P#BL?\ I*_;#;Q?4-O$      C+\SSD;Y XGU;CFTN827N_['[?DJ$L
MW6:?7=2EHWM22K)+--.%;/WEA/3C-#I-[//'6
(QAKW_
1Q[\ERUMN XK:




T]?@MXZ?JUBD=J
MX\I^._Q#@=N$YK:[G9VTCOG%?6:_V9\5?1'A[TC;/+*H     #5O[H_VC.;/
MRD[7]UKA\YO

\6\V



MKNLD:[?9UG)/=X_=QQZ]9F\?L-AIO.VB
M
M
M
M



?BT-@C+3L:\L(1ZU?9Y^LLLD_BSMY


38?)N-L+B3[$M6M?4^L/

MO%'W\L^N



^@[;@     !JW]T?[1G-GY2=K^ZUP^


MB&\GD5RU_ ^3*\2SU\.]XE?XTZ]?PHUKACU37Q9*]?1D]D;/^5O!?X9RW&\R

M
M
M
M
8^VN*
*V]B*XYPO%QOA&XX7FT\.;'-8F?T;==+?U;1%O8U3\SB,A
MK^8RN!R]M/9Y79*^Q&3M*G_ +EKD
;=5;.]MJG_ 
_0N:
TL?\ U@^:^[VN
M?8[K+LMU6:;G#DM2]9ZXM29K:)]4Q
-




MS3U*D\T82R222PC&

?1!&;CCG!-I_
W?QFA?<U<:S3R1Z3
MT\?MN'S%62;UD:49)Z6(N;ZI)4EGA\:6
(32P]
80AZ4#NO
/D79]&;B_#]8

+J6V5H^GP1ATN;W#6-A-&



Z-OM]1V\H
M  #BN\[9C]#TO;-URL8?)VIZ[F=BNY?%2:M1Q&/N+Z:WI1C/6O


B'P/H=Y8\R_P#FGDO9

S
L     :M_='^T9S9^4G:_NM</G-YC?\ 'G%_]X9O[\M.N<?^

?1!])=

M1ZHZ'O*RH
M
M
M
M





D]5;1/T3JV^WU';R@


D;C8Y?!D\45B)G6]=::6F
M9B)I

MH5)M[UJM6\-S;U*5:C+4LZ%62:
L?C0F\
?1&+%OG/N\NS\N=_DP7OCSS;;Q
M6U9FLQ/YC%
]

=/IEJU?B&_R?,SYK:=][3]LO@W-U=7E6-:\N:]U6
MC+6-6YK5*]6
LO]&6-2K--/X9?L0Z^A9Y
F3+;QY;6M?OF9F?IE;7O?)/BO
M

M99))981FFFFFCTA'IC%=\/B;;_!6L:VG-3^]XVD3.ZQ1'3
Y*_;#;O?4)O



 E8\KKD^.

<7_ -X9

M3XU9(0A&THU:%YLV3H^*

6ZYP


1?'/S7F%Q2;SI7?X<V6.G


(1GJU




45T[/'?[]Y^B:5GTU1Z
&L7@.TN




LMWE\C4JW5;IZ(U:TT8/I+R]

9XTH7O*W


M ;







3$QI
3'7$QV3';#42
MU;4M-;1
-U<                          -J#MONZ=[V^<
M(5Z?CC'$_']M-&I#I-&K9:MB[.O'X9NLL:U:




M\_%NQ_V0Y







R(F6U%Q5QQ@^)./=5X[UV3IC-9Q=.SA7FDA)5R%]4GGNLIE;B66,80N<
MKDZ]6XJ0AZ(35(PAZ(0@^D/+7 =GRQP/;<V$?\ =]OCBNO;:T]-[SZ;WFUI
M]

VGUNP4XE
M
M
M
M

/\ YAV5-.%\1M-K:1T4W'7DC_UGS8[[3DB(TJUH\TN6
MOX5Q?^+[:NFQWDS
Z=5




M+H^J9VI'UGK)H5LK@K&]KR3S^B





M/K9/8^M/T?\ N0AZ8?##)?D]@_


M
(QFV*A91A/P].GHCZ891\FN+_PGSV

;W/EQQ#

YL_*3M?W6N'SF\QO^
M/.+_ .\
W]^6G7./_%7$/]KR?WI=#/%O-@       )BO+-X$FIT\IS]L=E+
M-:6^UKCR6O)

\.DW26[EC#PS2QCM3_+YR5X:

MV^^$O[:1G
M
M
M
M
M                !U+SCQ+A.;N





:3'0X^LEL                         V4

9^O2'HJ1M_%'V.O3TM__ ;R


M3_F4WVN?A/#:S[M
^6T?M3CK7Z/#?Z6!_.?=:Y=ALX[*Y;S[9I6O]VWTHAVK

V*IV\\)

)_6W%_R#=230A+Z


M?
7;Y/\ -8


-_P8LMO\2:^SWOZ.UL2-ZVT@

?@A!
MTR9*8L=LN68KCK$S
SU1$1K

SU1$=

M4-\Y N9JL?[4[-E

MZZWE]/2/3_0N^'[W+PW?X.(8/GX
U




M*^V9O?[+0CS8








3$QI
3'=

MW.HY?UN:T7

?

M[&^M\-I[:3/5
_BI/W;=_1;2(M#&YX%Y


M7XG($4TT\&]S5]?12VOH][3V-G?*:_CY3BNGN[G)'K]V?Z=&?[-S)@  #63[


8]9
MH_/7S8WW\0\Q.*Y]=8KN(Q?ZFE

M8Q





5L^3]K)/@I$^FM:6GU9
M&O\ YQ\5^)O=KP:D_=Q4G+?]J\^&L3Z:UK
^JZ*!K2PL     GJ\L398Y7@C


M0_



MI4AZNO9V


M]YL&MX6SP
M
M
M
M

Z/FJT/#\GYVE1C


M




_;



_TN$HA'LZ_+FV&.


MB?\ LVP\WI;1@  ()/-(NXS\X:/8^$(6_%.,NX5/%Z9HWFW[C1C)&7ITAG

MU*VC7RV?O9*

' ^&5T




MCHR1'?2.BW?3IZ/#.L*;4AK^                       G)\K*O3FXEY&M




U]NK6?S<OXN:JUUU\.TQQZOO9)T^O7VH\V




M*V!JZ[@IX1CM+F=GGDP5G7MH0C+UKX^%]/=0^Q6A&
81A#I'PGF9Q[_P N
M\C\0XC2WAW


7-:VM:*UB9M

M0YB)M

9;BPU:E/'K

Q;RL3DUZ\./KKA


5B9SG
M9C9%
M
M
M
M


81A&$81A%Q:M;5FMHB:S&DQ/5


8_P#XT&VW

=^[7

\MSMN/RW*?$
G?MK4_P!9]S_G-7Y\[&GX#ZV
MR]?7\]A

8PFATA-1EC#K'X


MQK-
VU9_
M
M
M
M

U#.:/N.-IY37M@LI[.^MYNDM6G&/



M[?.0K[3L]+5O


33HO3LGT6CJM7LGT3$ST2\:\X





L-6*7@P               &TMVR8VEBNW?A



M:\LT.L(PJ^B
8=(Q^?GF[QS^.\_;[-2WBV^WO&WIZ(P_=MI/;$Y?B6CU]K4K
MS!XI_%.;-UDK.N'#;X-?5C^[;3T3?QS[6*3&KQ8     #
SL R%&Q[JN.9*\


M$(0;XX
&':X:;;;4KCV^.L5K6L1%:UK&D1$1T1$1T1$=3:C%BQX


M
M
M
M





M2G4EA
MJ'_


KD;J:

M#:Y-]O+UQ[3#2U[VGJK6L:S
^J(4=QN
.TP7W6YM%-OCK-K6GJBL1K
SZH:K

M%C/+'IZ'S=YNX[/
W
V]X[






MZXYN9C7%CGX=9_3RVZ
=(_:MIKIU5UMU1*$YBXS@X!P?/Q3-

7=:I<75W7JW-S<59HSU:]Q7J35:U:I/'TS5*M

T8Q^&

S
SUS
SK


M;V:]ITXTJL(0CUISQ@D^\5W' ^+[;C.U_\ $;7/3)6.J)\%HGPSZ+1'AGT3
M*^X;O\W^(8.(X/G8


MI7MM&;PPN+2K'K3O

V2YI5)
M<-AJ$L)I:L_M-U$U:

]
M.3+
3\/'';TS[VGNTBUNJLH/F/CFVY=X1EXGN)C6E=*5G]/)/NUCMZ9Z].JL

M^L7S?W&?-NMQ?=;BTVSY+VM:9ZYM:9F9]LS

M9]LO24E



M
M
M
M
M


M1

UG[T:]
6UQ=EUK/:=G\M


99H1


'+BK^&EYB8M2/T:7CHZ*
MUO6L1#)G*GF7Q+@&O#]]3\UPVO16)G3)CCNK;28M6.RMHZ.B(M6L:
^[7S-

]6GUA-#I#


E6E/,LTL?L1A







M[$Z3



1
8.
ML/
=@                .VN&.:MZX(W*VW31;^G1NH4X6F5Q5[)/7PVP8N:

9^'[O3[T6I;-CU_5OBK:\Q^UC






V ]3G]1


1$6K:(KIZ[E7G+BG


M7\980NK7
Z]D

L]2A0GC&
(QIRPZQAM!PGS



MA=HDS^YW=*WQV/A6H:YJ^


<  =D\3<4[
MAS1O&(T/2K&-UE
G4\=S=U9:T

7%&E5C:8VREGAXIND9IYYI

0V6.!^#=0X!T*PTK5:
M

O2.RM==*UTCIG69VTY;Y=V/+/#
M:\/V4:VZ\EY][)?3IM/='X:]58Z.F=9GNAZU/@
M
M
M
M
M                                                         
(.


SI;

:SF
E




MA\I;*(
M            #G7&W&^W\L[CB-&T?%5
KGLO5\-.3K&G:6-I3Z1N\IE+KPS2
M66
L:4?'5JS0CTATEEA-/-++-


0V0^VOMQU/MST
MF7 XB

!V;XCGRPK;GJ


M

M              '.^-N-MPY:W#$Z-HV)JY;.Y:KTEEAUIV=A9TXR^UY7*W?A



S'^IL=EH6LL8T
)LL))9O%#P0]7;
MWD(1K6W66$WCI0]7#$7F=Y6;#G?:VXAL8K@YFQTTIDZJY8CJQY?LK?WJ=$3K


Q
2UAWNRW7#MU?8

M                                     =E\3\2;SS5N%CI.A8F;)92Z
MAZ^[N:LWJ



]%



?$

LQ]

M
M
M
M
M                                                  
6NYKM7TKN




YLF1DD
M\$U[D[J227XDG6
*-O)X:%O+&

MF6WXKS_=K&E:QU1TS



M
M
M
M



M-AP['7%M:=41VSVS
STVM/;:9F9[W
DLOP
M
M
M
M
M


MXCP:+9^%=
S7KR8H].GOTC\4=
1[T:1-ICH8'8K


S
M/1$1$=
S



M
M
M
M
M

MZD]*G2DFDUW
7
81_K*4OLE:I'K5DDFFJ5V /

ZVMB


MI5J4T]&K)&$TDTTL81:@\4X3Q+@F^OPWBV')M]]CG2U+QI

UM

W5MEO\ '?%NJ3TUM&D^ONF)[)C6)CIB9AQE'K0
M                                           !V9Q5P_R#S3LU+5./

M
O;/56D?BO;JK'USU1$ST)Y^V3LIT'@.C:;'F?9MVY/]5XJFS75M&&-P$]63





5F-
^6/U:S'[NL_CO&L]$UI
3XHR
MGRGY8\1XQX=[QCQ;7AL]
5TTRY(]$3[E9_%:-9[*S$ZIO./.-='XIUNTU/0-



(PBX




M                                            .[N&.WCE7GG*QL-


.L7



EWCKZE





M$]/9/5
=





A;QC_1];:7E*C7EEGAZ98^'I-#TPC&


M
S
N T'5




M=O&UX;AQX=O'96--?3
]=I]-IF9[W
4JOP
M
M
M
M
M



Y5YBY8S_E^/;/-MK:Z1-HUI;]C)77'?^K:6(N*\XQP3+\+BNWR8;:Z
M1
Q]V?V;QK2W]69=:O/HD                                  !W?Q3



M
M
M
M
M
M                                #T

MTUM$Q

4X=Q2N3#:-)K:(M68[IB=8GVL%.5?+JX(WZ:YR&J4LEQ
L):5C<6$D.OP1^!AKF7R(Y
XW


F;EHPZ](UM:R


83-:[D+C$;!B


4APWA'%.
[C\KPG;9]SN/PXJ6O


^V^S7O(&2PG&6*JPI5)[:XJ4]EV:

MA1IRTJ-&C2EA)2I4J4D)9*=*G)+$LL(0A$.D&5:4ICI&/'$5I6(B(B-(B(

M
M
M
M
M

'Y;C&UP;K#V1DI6
M^GIK
Q

MYTC)[)QK?S^LC)1M+F;9\!:?K'QU,9G+B.5CX)_@EIY&E)7K#I\$88;X[_
BL_&Q^VF2?'[(RUC3HT[L<\4\I.7=YK?AU\NTR]T3
M\2G]F\^+Z+Q#!G?O+7Y\U?U]SJ5?5^1KGXIJ=/%9*7!9N:E)XHQGJXS88V5



'UC'PPA


V./\ RP^8

XVVQQ3U
MUC7/DCV5FN/VQEGU

\H..[G2_$\V';8^Z/WM_HKI3Z+RSIXZ\NKMZTJ-M
M=[!89OD?*T8^LFJ[3D9J&(A6^$:6!PLN/M:E$O_P KNY[R6
8QC'KZ/#F3

MM*Z^BE/#&GHM-F:^OZUKNIXVCAM7P.&UO$6\(0H8O!8RRQ./H])82_U=G84+

@[;:;798HP;

M
M
M
M
M





M_1DMZ-.77
AZJ7_15NZL\8_ZWV&

U8]41\*VG
MKO

LT+6]QUSBJ?HAZ81OO1&
.G6'6






C:Y::7

M7[


MJO






M
M
M
M
M
M                                                          !X

'6]*WK-+Q$TGKB8UB



8QH]/B^*
W7_6\3SVY_E_Y SS/POSN'77W
T3


W_O3_Z+[K_Y

WTOAA#KU
MAX.L?]
/LWV/^6SAL6UR\5SVKZ
-:S]


M!_+CRG7_ 


(9/;;BE$)I9982P^1K7$1\,D98QAUZQZS1ZQ
MC#I$YM_(/R^P?
Q[O-^WFF/^SBB4P^5/*./WZ;C)^UDF/[L5=HX?LI[7
%/


MSKAX5AF?^DMER_5ER7A




?AQ4K/TQ75V)$)80A$

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M

M&

MMC\5BK2M?9&^N)I99IH4+2TH3U)XPA&/AECZ ZT:?\


MK_GN\*_;/

D<36T=<2[S'4               !U?S/S3Q7V\
M<:[)S#S9N^%XXXQU#Y'_ +3;GL56M1P^&_M!G\7J^&]LJ6]&XK2_*.P9NTM*
M?22/6K7EA'I#K&!S$3:=(ZV!_P#&E\J_Y[OOVSS'WF'?X.3ND_C2^5?\]WA

M\:7RK_GN\*_;/






S
M\L\M;58:1QUI=G;Y#:MLRE.\JXW!6%S?VF,IWU_PM;RYI6<MY?4I:E6%.
E
M&2:
]2
M.6::!S$3:=(ZV ?\:7RK_GN\*_;/





M9]MVK/WE+'X; :_AK2K?93*Y*\K1A3H6MG:T9IYH^F





M3I/6Y


M'&-]DN9



MT&7UM.IZG4^'

TLOBA
=XV^*







U_D:RATA<U<IH.\Z]F






MR=TG\:7RK_GN\*_;/


/A%2


%?MGF/O,'P<G=)_&E\J_Y[OOVSS'WF#X.3ND_C2^5?\]WA7[9YC[S!\')



6\O[;(4X:YWP]HV7K5+.%_[%:=
MQG$
V2HVD9J4D:UWBY]ODR-E+)4KR2SPK4I)I)YH2S0A&

_0R5U7





XTY;V_7\'-LV7UG5LQ4J9NUUZG?6F
K9J&.OK:RNKG&
MVN0R%O1K5J4M22A4N*4M2
L:M/Q'6U+UZ;1I#
 =0
M     &!O


M*O\ GN\*_;/








'



M?MGF/O





1J7%U


MC)4G\


MR=TG\:7RK_GN\*_;/



MX7W_ &KBSE/NTXITGD+2

M&$L\T.DWPCO&+)






M/







8Q'$UK/7$2D2XD

M^SU*7266K?WWRO-RAKF0O9)HQG]5;V6
HU(0A)#U76-04IVM?T9F$YO;C[RU









+S)7





MH     /S--+)+-//-+)))+&::::
)99998=9IIIH](2RRPAUC&/P AN[P//C



M+)V-I5C,.DHM[4M7HM&C)$=0              'N2O[N=__ K:
MON%?CF.N%
8)8       !EOV



L]*K2GEA-+-+&$98PZP!DOQUWK]XW$
M
:

YBIR/A[;IUPW*^@Z!N<+GI/-/_M6


M




MIIB
O2:6\


/E2/H@)+#7PXXCM13BJ      _4LTTDTL\DTTD\
MDT)I9I8QEFEFECUEFEFATC:$8=81@VB\K+NK_\S^PCMOYYO\C\I;CF=#L]

?#YN=?R[^),/
MQ3PK?8ZMW7<V8C(U]4NKFA:Y*WXET.G6GQ=_R;DL7<33TKG-WE_K::[0N*5
M2TK7MM

T;BZO;^6O:VL87%.
MYN;0N
N:






     !TIW*?LY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8

M#.V=A=4L?L.)FJ2P]99WU*XM:L/1/3FA&
!UM6MHTM&L-H?LE]ZQY@TJ;%Z?


MW5_3GGH8W=M
R



\]CRX9/






GX:-M;R24J<LM.266!)Q$5C2.IUX.0

)JM

MSGM=IZJM'8N4
Y96L
U*KG=X)C-W:\S8V:XL:MMHN8HX

K4F]$2WOMJSTTZ);F



M\NOJA'J*@                 #D&K[9M.D9RQV;2]ES^H[)BZLM?&;!J^9R




MW%.6
TLL9II3FM9M/ACK53O?[WO\J^8+W
;QW$\I5Y[/Y8K1PN@:31O*MWA^



MGFFGGFFGGGFC----&

1*/R       #=(]TL[KO5










CULO)H[Y^Y;RY?

M2

M'M
T=8SMW;PKUM+W_'TYK[1]VQ\\LD]Q0NM<V*




L3B:Q:-+=


MT_7Y
AC1JEEEV\U^]3ICN;8U*K3K4Z=:C4DJT:LDE6E5I3RU*=6G4EA/)4I
MSR1C+/)/+&$81A&,(PB+9^P       0J^\1?4Z]X'^'_ /S1\)M@^;'M^Q6



+A:W];

M.-[W*:=VYX_)6TWJMBY']3-8[AR11I5X227&+T+'W
V



MMIEN1\]2JQA3M

M4T#?
1\Z_O

MY+O8P\$U22^]5B):]*6M;X^VGAU%]CPTQ]
=-N]$ *H



E5D\4*E&M)-3J2RSRS2P+28F)TGK<W'           #A7

5
ME


MZ^FKW3_ISWL2F/Y=?5'V
*AW      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+

MN_+NU[(MII[1VT\V;AQW+4O);S
ZC2O(9GCK:9NE*G5EVGCW-R9#4LW5JVU&
M%*6YJVGMMO)'K;UJ

H=O^[W?J;*7


?L&NYW&W'7U%_B
SBKBZQ
MV1LZO2/AJ4JD\D8PC#KZ!:S$QT3UN1@                      JEO.D^M



FFER6K=OW
NQ


MF?\ M^0LZ5S=ZQVZ\M9S!UJDL(SX_*7&1TK6ZUY0C'^C5GPNPWEO&/\ \A7F

I(UZ<'3^%9X.      =*


81A$6/5T3
MUOL@      A5]XB^IU[P/\/_ /FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B




MMI+2MHXKDO!6-I/=9NTQ].2C+;:_O6
N*&8L?52QMZ

MW/=\G2]90DJ6NN8&C6K4Z





DW%,         !PKDK^[G?_P MJ^X



MZIUJ4\/Z4D\(B


^

C\6

=R-.PFN
SP/NV7M:MY



T[IY^\_OJ[C^X.VOKB^U;

N+\54X#Y(N+BM
M&YO*NT<56N/Q.,R&0NIZM6M=9/8MNL+E;FI4\


LTLT(_!&$?2.8G2=5:%Y




\?5T
?5F%#;9-)^'/5V.^/==^\7AKDOM

MYBZKPJ326\^

(0%MU]L=[1)
M\EYB_GLZ%R)C,?DJ^&Y.[U,SW%7-E7C5IUL1QAH6YY/FEBLE=THRS65*STO
M5J.


M2X^RM_[%?U8PJ59L+=TJD\TEMBQ=;;)I/@GJGJ:(PO0      $RWD?\ F-W/



Z1UJH'S
N^C;O




Q:V^0MYJ63T/@Z
]'*:5K$U&M3A6L



=/7CC-
M\YO]FGFC#(\B5

\9);B^GKUO4T;






MIBSW./3]Y'M;DXM              %19YD_UBW?U]-7NG_3GO8E
?RZ^J/L8



81%H]H
U5S




MG@Z&'V7#Y2]HV5YS;@




(5K+)8

NUWW=OL_[/.X31.Y3@[G/O#P&]\?YRXRN
QE[R








MO6TL9JN2A//TGN;_ (WN:M+ WG2'Q;&.
J3S5*U:M- L-QC\-O%'5/VMF
6X
M        #3/]Z-\R.&&PN%\N?B?._P#S4V&CA-^[F
AC;J3Q6&!DKV^8X[XK



E+/5LL+;58VMK&I/&YO+PD
6*




1

+[3N.^X74XV6.V*]M8:SRQ


MN/\ NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+


ZUV[=R&3R^^]GV3






M       #)?LU[C


LT/1 175T/L@




LG7K*=/RL_B^I%OW




/[0
UC-







L]


MG\O[NRL



M9\


M#&YB

^+P3XJ^[+97%N              _%6K3HT
MZE:M4DI4:4D]6K5JSRTZ=*G3EC//4J3SQA+)))+,8QC&$(0@M_\_[S9ZG?

MAXY:EK4N+_Q?[=)2MR_P8O!'BGWI:[0N           %G][N[]3KV?\ ^(#_
M #1\VB.S_-GV?8FJ%$  !B_WO?L7=WGT7^?OT4;8.U/?CUPI]Q*@


M&


MZD8 J@                            
H.R']M'M#^E!P%^E;4QUO[D^J




!
S

T/9]'O;KU/3UE2RH[)C

%'K+U^-




M_-#MWWN#XN/\4?2?PFO
S^8GW0?FAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_
3[H/S0[=][@

MY^GI7&5S\M6G3IR26]ARG94JV:MYNM2:?*4



MV'






MI^IDEJ9?E#0YIY)Y8S1FFC++&2
(0A+-UC&4Z3NH[*_6[BM/=!]%DMJ$E]WV

=SKC?8K*MUIR3

5R+

:]$]2S4\DWS8
%YDG ]3!;[=XG#]U?#N-QUC
MR[K=K+3L:6Y8B:


OQ96J
M6V%OIO#+--CJV





M:_\ _7^5_P!70?FJ=TG\I/WH_.1[7_\ Z_RO^KH/S5.Z7#
Q[IUYAUG&^JXC
MF3L\S5O;RU)[*E-OG


)+#\N/4C %4




MZV^+6?';JCJ:%PO0           %G][N[]3KV?\ ^(#_ #1\VB.S_-GV?8FJ
M%$  !B_WO?L7=WGT7^?OT4;8.U/?CUPI]Q*@      


S^
M8GW0?FAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_
3[H/S0[=][@^+C_%'TG\)KS
_F)]T'YH=


S^8G
MW0?FAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_


X/BX_Q1])_:\

S^8GW0?
MFAV[[W!\7'^*/I/X37F9_
3[H/S0[=][@^+C_%'TG\)KS
_F)]T'YH=N^]P?


M:

]

IC@.P      #:']U0[A*W'O?'R7P%?Y:A@.XGAW(76/Q_K

OBZ0).MHM7Q1U2Z1'8     !R73
M=QVCCS;M6W[2



]][]^ZKB_MKT
M.6ZM)=LRGRCO.U4;7VFVT'C7!S4[S==TOO'X;:7Y
QD?56=.M/3DO


MO8332SVNN3]/!-\J4:M N=OB\4^.W5'4T)!?          






E-]F6:6
M

9XWUSLO%]?4
Q




M3

MWKTYZ5:A6I3QIU:-:E4A+/2JTIY8RS2S0A&6


M2M

M:AWN_EKRGW(PPDL/RX]2




(](B-GHZ)ZWW            15^;







M                 !TIW*?LY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8      !9)^[$_
M57ZI^6OF/[KXX1^X^9[&PJ*         .;S.?+EXJ\R;MQSO$NY6^-P7).







WMVV['
ME*L:.-P.M:YC;G+YS

M_#:O
1[ON0N?

M
96$LT\GRGD*\M.;U
M*64D\=(QU\/:CS%0      !9$^[M^6O#LR[6*7/')






M64*&(Y\XUHV.O\B6UQ;4/58Z79X^S5
/R#B+?P24YK;+T+BM3MH34[2XM)XP
MJRE2F6^/JZNYH
^9-Y
G=EY;^6N]AVO#_P#5?M]N;V6WP'/^AXR]GURW]IN9






M?5'V
*AW      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+
   !4P^;+]9GWV?2

.D81%
1.+]FL=FUV_E\<UM7GMXS4<AA



MFT1V?YL^S[$U0H@  




MW4\]6:K'V?.UL_BJ
L)):=*SQ=6$8^F$PW%=+Z]DMDT6X


D?@'$],:+GG'W]IE;QR


M%VJR]O\ R;L'RAS_ -K6+P^LW-SD;N%7


T?#/2CA[&I;U8TYKZWFF*&?)X
M*Z1[TK


LTLT(1EC#I$7CQ         LL/=[/
M
-N1*T*]6I=WEY7QM








XJ[I7^

MI32U*5626:6


MM9]EEGH3VVO
M]V4T0H@       /S--+)+-//-+)))+&::::
)99998=9IIIH](2RRPAUC&/P

M=]R-G&2K+6Z5L])K^*KR^:G4M,M6EFC
80F+C;U\5_%V0KIA?@

M&
L:V6O-LQ$
#:R]8PC\OU/BQF\






MZU6GD







G7V?




XO



(PA& OGJ@       DA\J'OHS'E\]ZG&'.
;N





MO/5[:3:M=GC-&%*7)6TMO2R.+JS]9*&6L;:I/+/3EGISE/)2

.2

M5HU99*UK:G4EEGEFE@1LQ


MK

M1AA)8?EQZD8 J@             







M    %F3[MG]4EP3^&O./Z7=N$?N/FRG?%


V&PY3$
MX?)9+&ZEB;?.[1?V-G7N;37L+=YW#:O:Y7
7%*2:ECKXV/8KQDJU8RR37=


7S*^M4PB3
M      6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\ -'S:([/\V?9]B:H40


M  N0.V^E4H]O' M&M3GI5J7_%U*K2JR34ZE*I3T?!23TZDD\(323R30C
(

V6\REY$MIE)/7YKDCBBQA5C&
9
I1C7V3&T9?#+)6HY6
T
M9IZ]&2!:;G'_ )2/:W:Q9@*YSWC_ 
R./=IW/P[9N



M;-EVRZFNLWG[NE7CKO'^E8^K;_VFW_;[NC+-[#KVNVMQ+&/_ 
NO+NK0L[:6


MNZ5*7-[OM]W:4J?MF6R





M;G'_ )2/:W@!9@        *BSS)_K%N_KZ:O=/\ ISWL2F/Y=?5'V
*AW
M   ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+

M+KZH1ZBH      W'_=O[QN^7\N?N[R@+3==4-XD68            #KO
MX[$^%O


)\E;IHF4GH







MUPI]Q*@      +










MN NK;)6


M+RKK]*A;[AKDTL\\]Q3L*EQ5IY#&35NE6OB+ZUK3PA-4C+ C
E)I::L+O/?\
MR&3L![0



EXI7Q




SK/7+G0X 8!^:#W;4NR/L5[A.X*TO







76VO?+W


M
1
:3U+5GRH?
#UKS&NT+2N9J57'6'*6O^#1.=M1LXR4HZYR;A;.VFR%_:67
MBFJ4-:W.RK4LOBXPC4DDH74;:-2:O:UX2D;EI..VG9V)+!3        5%GF3

MWB19@   *F'S9?K





M=.?VW^RWR[2O[VGUEC)C:-Q7A&/J8RS'6UHK

MQ[C^
I&?)[OQA:TY:

MN'P=+P1A0N
U?SUI[W+7

L#7NI)Z%


M    69/NV?U27!/X:\X_I=VX1^X^;*=\4


YVU=;3;N:@O@     'U
'A
MLN:Q&N8
M#'W66SN?RF/PF%Q5C2FKWN3RV5NZ5CCL?9T9?C5KJ]O*\E.G+#TS3S0@..I;




M-'@M:%66,TDL\TTCGKXL<]\=*T7$<
M        CU\V;ZLSOL^B_P N_BCD14Q?











MW=

M4._?9/

;NUDC-3ML]L]S=




M/X Y5Q?R1O\ Q1MV5U#8K62


M*:]Y4XNUS-;-3H4Z=*WL][L*$V Y$QEO)1AGWQ.]XC(VM.
)9.LE&$?#+U
M\







Q]G0JY;'T

R4G';PSU)AT   5TGO?
MFT3]YO

INS#M#Y9[YNXKC
_8N[O/
MHO\ /WZ*-L':GOQZX4^XE0      %F3[MG]4EP3^&O./Z7=N$?N/FRG?%


W,\(R=9_&7.VMI?P]ZOI%\      ]BTN[O'W=K?V%U<6-]8W%
M[LKVTKU+:[M+NVJ2UK:ZM;FC-)6M[BWK20GDGDC:2:$(PC
 6YOEU=T-KW
ME]DW;CW&2WEO=YS?^.

_NF/;!4V3FKN'[NLW
MCO'A^,--QW#.BW5S1FFH5MSYN[?8=NO\;5A)X9<CK.I:Y:VM;K-#I;[%$)
M9O%UD+7=6Z(KWM[$60   %7WB+ZG7O _P /_P#FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B
M   MGO*9^K
[$_HO\1?BCCA&9?F6]:0H4P                         '
MI9/&8[-8[(8?



^3P5\
M



M.6K?Y2_I4I8S1



M5O5RPEEJ9&7Q?&GA&8L=S72\6[X;6(M@ 'N2O[N=_\ P*VK[A7XYCKA3&6



MN3X*I9??.$KN2G1DO]EE]FHU-QXHGNIJ4\\;??L7CZ?L4D9Z5.7.VEA/4J4Z





ITXR5

)[)570D@      &T[[J'S]/HO


IN6@
MW%W5OL7-/X?72S7%G&I2I7E6I I9<<9*Z=O8M-=WS3N4=(U'DGCW8<;MNB[






\\\\8S3S1C&
8QB)1ZX      + ?W5'M5D


M-]=^JIUJV)J[#A[JRQN?LI*LE2G#):[E*E&_M9HRQ\%S;R3=(]!S69K:+1V*



MZ]77\]\FZ5RA:T(SS0FHV&%SEMKUQ3IRPFEC7S%Q/'PQC'Q%GNJ]

M             CU\V;ZLSOL^B_R[^*.1%3%\ROK5
(DP      %G][N[]3KV



M8ZXPVA2Y.2%2-&AE^4=KLK+$QQE6
LOBO
':;!6$\.E.:,)I92M7;Y+=?1#
M3S\Q+SMN\OS#_E'3=HS]KP_P#7KPFM^N
KJ]L\'EJ5&XC7M:O(NS5XT]@Y$



MEEA&
80!:_\ E.]EU+L

_5F=B?T7^(OQ1QPC






)(QN\_K^J92]UO&TH5)9J4;C*Y^G;6U+

M2K6K5:D9IZM6K/-&::::
8S1CUB)5X@      ;-/NNO:';\W][.T]QNSXN6]
MT[M/T^EE\+-7EFFMJG+O)
N4US2HS4IXRT;F7#ZQ89^_A'X\;:^H6=3I:,D
MTWW-_#3PQURL/Q8                        

M4)
O=*QQ%@  X5R5_=SO_ .!6U?<*_',=<*8P2P      PI]
MTV^KIYH^FKR+^@SMQ%CNOF1ZOZ9;/XME?-[RWY9L.W3G2CWK\28'V;AGN0V6


V^0A-/3DKVE(7



MV.=WO'7?5VP\6]RW&U22WQN]X2678];FN?:;_1=\Q486&Z:/E9YJ5O5GNM=S




EC


MKB_XFKW%QTIT






M6SUB%6$83SQKY.62'@QES


7^$Q-O;YO8J]+K&

MW
\?LB+M:;6FT]KO@=0%;![RGVLT^WSS']FY$P6+EL-)[H]2P_
N/FM:-.EC


MFJ%$                          !TIW*?LY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8

[!6IU\O

MI(=?@8N[ZY/YB+SBOG@?N_\ :Y^I(/@8N[ZY/YB+SBOG@?N_]KGZD@^!B[OK


\(0FC-&)VC'CCJB&%6?V+8-KRESG-HSN9V
M3-7DWBO


T\?A';JZGQAR         V



TTO2
98? +*^
MWO:\VC32997_ 









0L?9-L[D=HV?G3.S5J,9;J7#92M;ZEH%OM/++4J8ZXT?4[+)

M'O(O;/0[?O

?6W^0W
M+5+G

20V]O%CT[8Z$!PK@     


M

I;TIZ6+VO7;VC2R6J[G@XSSU(S8;




M+7AA\_5Z

EDF+?/C\=?%'O0LBA8      *BSS)_K%N_KZ:O=/\ ISWL
M2F/Y=?5'V
*AW      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+
   !4P^;+]9

.L 7+7$^

M_=3IV%M)?%D

TDD+?)7$Y=[

7I_


M!Q'KU_0FI7$N;W2-I4C?5Z$\DV



MDTO?



M*%&6O=R\7\AU++2MYM:5.67VB:E0VIK^2KSRQC)1M,;6J3R^&$9YXV]M+Z







MV_NI^M?)9G+WU6K=WUW6C-7N[RO4K5)IIYYHQ(V9FTZSUNV!P     A5]XB^
MIU[P/\/_ /FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B                        D*\IKZS/L

(PA&$3
MFMIK:+1UPJ7.[WM=Y&[


M?U53I5ISRP)2EHO6+1U2QM'8

O60NMK'3






1%3.LS
]KL



M8V6$F&SM:


M7M[;


MP_+CU(P!5      ;6GND_PVCW(_1?K_ *5^.A;;KW(];?T%B ]#*XK%YW%Y
M+9O&V&8PN8L+S%9?$96SM\AB\KB\A;U+2_QN2L+NG6M+ZPOK2M/2K4:LDU.


M#RTZ]:E)7ITJU6E)=4H4+F2G4GDDN*






M  6)'NN7:O4X9[$=CY_SV

M/45/3+6M9[RPGFI5)8QDJ4HRS2QC+&$8DK$Q
1
=4NN1R      W$_=





TZ%O/G=JSL]O)&M
M6C))2HTI*=M;4Z%K0H4*1'VM:]O%;K9+CJ      A5]XB^IU[P/\/_\ FCX2
M%;!\V/;]BL!$B                        D*\IKZS/L3^E!Q#^-V.%/+\

MVJ]L7P         #]2RS3S2R22S3SSS0EEEEA&:::::/26666'6



M %A3[IM]73S1]-7D7]!G;B+'=?
CU?TRV?Q; /S-++/+-)/++/)/+&6:6:$)

TI(8
GCK






/FR_69]]GTH.


MK6[XV


N

MW;6+FK++&[U_9L35IW%&

M     /8M+2[R%W:V%A:W%]?7UQ0M+*RM*%2YN[N[N:DM&VM;6VHRSUKBXN*T

M(]?-F^K
[[/HO\N_BCD14Q?



LTLT(P]$1

M7L__ 
0'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3]G/







M03]Q7*& ER';]VN97$YR:TR5I3N
1R!S1-X

M*LD/56%M7IS4;^
8%ON


M7.+



O(4:-2E4K36
M61I4JT)(30A/&3PQ]$8P'?'.EXGTPJ'1*       +1#W?+*W.8\G_LZN[N%*
DT_6,(0A'I CL_P V
M?\.Q,P*(#A7)7]W._P#X%;5]PK\<QUPIC!+       +GW3;ZNGFCZ:O(OZ#

ME/!V]U4TW;*

7RI:VE+V*EZV6G3S]M)2HTI



M            52WG2?6H=[OY:\I]R




0R%CB;^RN3N[?'XW&6=SD
A?WE:2WM+*QLZ

7W$=R-Q7O:N

MXYP\]/7.-L17DK=)J5?%:)A\?0J2PEDE];)-&$LO7I E
=?!2*L/AW
M;'/NQ?:K#G3S!I^:

MWMKK



M         (]?-F^K
[[/HO\ +OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9__
M (@/\T?-HCL_S9]GV)JA1                           =*=RG[.?/WY%


.L!)=?2^
.0

5CQ3U0MFNQ+L]X^[$.USBWMIX\A2N[
M72


Y3JR4
MXR5;C(Z35FHX?)S^&M5J8BM9U(QI6^
JS3%UM\FD_#GJ[&C*+T      !]'$


M;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+




M?CUPI]Q*@                       .:\;?WBZ#^&NK?=VP'$]2YS$2








[[/HO\ +OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN
M[OU.O9__ (@/\T?-HCL_S9]GV)JA1                           =*=R



              :''O0

M    #8Y]UMREIC_

MM'Q1_P!:$(?9%ON?E^U8WBP                          8_=V67H:_VK


D;66AS]R9
E/


M]4(]14      ;C_NA7]XW?+^!7!/W=Y0%INNJ&\2+
               !UW






M2
M;VLNR[ADY)9JDU&2XFM:=K8VT9Y_8L9:V]OXI_51GF(V]YO;Q2S8'0

MV?YL^S[$U0H@  





#K:?#6;3V0N%

MKO



M_4Z]G_\ B _S1\VB.S_-GV?8FJ%$                          !TIW*?
MLY\_?D4Y4_$7.CFOO1ZU.$)8                         !R_0=^W7BO=

M


M   A5]XB^IU[P/\ #_\ YH^$A6P?-CV_8K 1(@

H8*WZ37
M%O1K37.TVEA3A)/X^L9OB23582CGC7%*S\$<
I4JTXS;ERKOVWS59IJOQH5Z\V<C4JRP^+)4FFEE^+ C<W3EE+<








M^3M/5Y'AGC_GMLMBN.*=.XDEN;':LY/0MLALL)H4YZ-U3M[

MR^.WACW8;$XH     (]?-F^K
[[/HO\ +OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN




*TL:=6-KI%
V5AB+$     !!7[Q1VLS]RGEH<GY[XN

)J=2MC:
9



M_P#\0'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3]G/G[


MCGN0XFO9Y


U&-
MW9PNH3T

U;7.-R5OXYHVU_:5J48]9(B

M  A5]XB^IU[P/\/_ /FCX2%;!\V/;]BL!$B                        D


M:


M7VFM98')WW

M4Y/E:M6\
DTLLTDO26


MAO=5

M6)Q
1
:3U+8#RX^^+1O



4_W!6=*X]FRW*N8XQXHPL_










;62O


MSNJ;+CK?
:[L^&RFO9_$7DLTUIE

MOFK^6UTONNTC(Z!5DKW$MM94.1]


(
MDP      %G][N[]3KV?_ .(#_-'S:([/\V?9]B:H40

MQMG)O;[PCR-M-;F'EFQJ[+O?%&A[?L%6RLLKCY+.SJ9G8
#D


MY*4(0DJ2U(5).D/#&$80Z'/Q

MSS^@3PA3IU*4OJZNB9W6ZE&:
M6


G]


?0O
63WQ=CU:K<=

C5L[Z?K&



*Q63K:_L5C2R.-J7^-JV4]2QNIK:M+

9(^@4;9\=9\


8_



M&/TG\L5YJ'_7OYX\/][P_
8_2?RQ7FH?\ 7OYX\/][P_
8_2?RQ7FH?\



M.:M-#(
M[9GK# V

M

T8QC+1MJ

MF.N%
8)8      !84^Z;?5T\T?35Y%_09VXBQW7S(]7]
MG\6P    #JKG'A
M;CON+XAY$X
Y9P5+9..N4=5RFH[5B:D9)*M3'Y.CX)+S'W
U.K&PS.)NY:=W


M%H8=CN       G+\AOS+9^P#NQM-:Y#S4]IVU=PUU@](Y9]IK0EQVDYRG=5K






M]/Y.R57PWL:D):=EL=7_ -R

MV\RGN?PO&UM)E
)POI


S.





?I/Y8KS4/


?I/Y8KS4/^$N%?SQX?[WA^8Q^D_EBO-0_

M?F
ZV'/'F#?]&
%D9+S2NU#2K#
MCZG+;7






M




R_

WIQJW-&MPQL&&Y0R$*%.$(


5M-ACZ7CC#V#6=WQ$EU6CX81A7V.'Q

(0A %2KYHG=/'O-[\^Y'GVSOI

TT


M==4-XD68               K7\]KNBI=U7F9=P.Q8B^FOM,XER5KV^:+/O
M[30AB.)JM[B-CN;O2G3JXW








EYR6\4]3/\ '0      !'KYLWU9

MU0H@  

MEW;A'[CYLIWQ0                        =/=P?


T8PA'IU$K$1$:1U0X*.0     &UM[J3VKR\A]U/+O



7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\







U

.D8DM6?%$3WPZN'(



81A$1C]@


MGCRWR4]\IRQA;Y:O82QC+-5DB*VGCR1W1TJOL2(      #;N]TGX FV#GO
MN=[F

L+S#8+CFG0K3=832T




LT2








?5
MFZ1D]MJ4=[OK^WEF^SC9YX1\4D!;[BVF/3OE9!BP             52WG2?6
MH=[OY:\I]R


M        C]\RSR_N-?



      !9_

MI]Q*@      +





(^B(*B3O^[9KKL[[SNXW
MMOJT+JAC.






]C85%




R_

MZJ_:_P M?#GW7R(K[?YGL5M@D       %P1V0_L7=H?T7^ ?T4:F(J_OSZY9
K<MV%2A)/QI[;CZ$^A;[8
M2SU(QFFR-?+:M2S%S$8RPCFI.G2$?#*2&WMKCT[8:]PK@      +*;W=;O\

74PEY
M5GGJ5ZE]AY[BM&'M=/Q$?GIX;ZQ[LM@(4                       %93[
MP#Y@5MWP][F9UW0LY\J\#]M
F8XHXUKVES3N

M*/;5R=2EHX;?\'4IX38J=KZR.C[KCNM]IV\XBEZZUFJ7^LYVE2KQH^MIR7E
MOK:U9O4UZD(G:EII:+0J:.X;@7DCM?YMY





M*F'S9?K


)HU^/.&;:_Q



^5

N


VL)\?S#RYA*U.ZIW-S
M:5Y9I
EH/&]U+3K7DL\/9LEEHT;./KJ-OD:$VSY?#'@K[TK!X6(
M/7S9OJS.^SZ+_+OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\ -'S:

M*^5

M6F/MNLW26664D




VIU\EE+BZO*TEO;TY9*<)I
MXPDDEA+#I$(#F(B.I\$<@     /J8/-Y;6LUB-CP&0NL3G<!E
?F\+E;&K-


MWZG7L_\ \0'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3



MC4Q%7]^?7+* =0      &L][T9VH_P#6?L4U[N%P6-DN=P[4]\M
WD;F2EZR

M8.2=6TF:^H225)L)A\IDJ

:-K-TEFCTEB=;
M6BM9M/8N =


Q=M++=[IPE;5*]Q)ME2E;T)JM_G.*KRXFJU:DT99
MIM?KW


M*E2:


)8






MUD-KX4Y[[/-@RDD^7XEVBSY?X[LKBK)[57T7D*/R3N5ECJ
)_''':ONN+M[J





MND\HZ1M''^V8^



9[


?


W%D
M  X5R5_=SO\ ^!6U?<*_',=<*8P2P      PI]TV^KIYH^FKR+^@SMQ%CNO
MF1ZOZ9;/XM@       'IY#'V&6L+[%96QL\GB\G9W./R6-R%M1O;#(6%[1GM
MKRQOK.YDJ6]W9W=O4FIU:526:2I)-&6:$81C %71YUOENWWET=W68P.JXR]E


MKJAO$BS    5




/(EE;SPA7HZ)Q_-/B-

@





]C85%            !3_\ ?-R;;\S]Z/=E
MRQ8UY;C%\A=QO
^UX2I+C6&OYCD+8+O7J4LUG2IU9;?3V].$_3Q5/#XI
MHQFC&
25I&E(CT
5QV      ;2/NF.*N:W?_ 
!_A_P#\T?0K8/FQ[?L5@(D0      %L]Y3/U9G8G]%_B+\4<<(S+\R


M6:6:6/66:6:'2


M







99I9I
M8]99I9H=(PFA&'6$8 MI/*T[JH=YW83VW\\7V3ERNXYG0;'5^3KB
9H7$W*.
MA3U--WRZNJ-3^LMILUG\-5R5&2:





';;R-2ECJW+6EY+6JM]WDN;G7LS_5W
M^K;;CJ-2:6G/EM/VBRL\I:0FCX(W%I);K+&
(G:MIK:+1UPJ.^?.$.0.VOF





WY+I_*LMUQ[VZZ1E[VXXEX6LK
MV:I0M9II:MG3W;?[FA/[/LW(=_85)I/6]/9
1?T&=N(L=U\R/5


M3!Z#RW/1DA-3I6^5DHT



M9OJS.^SZ+_+OXHY$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_P#X@/\ -'S:([/\


M_)NXX;0[S5N



?W7QPC]Q\SV-A44


R_












M8?5=4UO#6U2]R^?V/8
A;XKX;&6E*$:ES?Y/(W=.C2DAZ9IYX0'$S$1K/4M
M8_*H[ ];\NCL_P!$X/MY,=?\E9;KO?.6V6,8UI-FY2S]I:PR]*SNYZ5&I6U[
M5+*VM\/B_PKI0GL[*6O/3A7KUYIR-RW^)?Q=B2(4P              %4MY




EG2O^XGD^RHSTIJ4;FY^5M#XHLZU







S:TK[$9[7\[8U\9F
/D[*O+-1NK#)8^YJ




M73S1]-7D7]!G;B+'=?
CU?TRV?Q;           (2_/2\M2EYA/:7?WN@82A
M==RW TF4WKAFXH4J4N1VRSC;TY]TXFJ7$:-2I4H;MC+*2KCZ?62$
[967BJ4



)8QA\$1S$3




M5


MXH                     /Q5JTZ-.I6K5)*5&E)/5JU:L\M.G2ITY8SSU*
MD\\82R222PC&




MK2VBD      CU\V;ZLSOL^B_R[^*.1%3%\ROK5
(DP      %G][N[]3KV?_


85




E8UF.B$R@H@




%&[M_!5M[VPNI.M#)8;+V-

MCMW;ES;R)P_FJU6A5R']C=CO;#$9SV:
8T*.S:U4GKZWM-G2C'T4
C:75'_Y




1CN8-&I;'1A7\4*'MFKW
MV:M-BL)JT9)H20KVM.
T98PAUZ1Z%.:7CKB66UE?662M*%_CKRUO[&ZDA5MK
MRRN*5U:7%.



M\4ZIZV





M3N*



T\T8QC&

M/E

9WE;C;VE6O+;4[K+;UJ^-M











I2TK_ !?#NKWU&:E<U
CF:4\E?
W%M-+'%XB
8QJT;J[L
M(52CFRQCKI'ORLS
'A





7D*4\TLE6:-.

MM6.A*S_

=R[_ 
HBG^7R]Q_

=R[_ 
HA^7R]
MQ_

=R[_RB'Y?+W'\R9Y27_?;=

=R[_R

NZ%:YK*VU2GXIY+BPDC$/3- JX:^/)$=G6JQ


/!TCXRU

R&
MXL

L\E;*X_&86SO*4


M0_HO\ _HHU

'XOEYGX2Q&-Q_=]


MK^6RF!SV+R.$SF$R-[B
SALO97.-RV(RV-N:M




Y'#UYZ]E//4LZTU7'7-M4FJVE2K--2FC'
MK3C-&

O*V:


MAU7---/--//--///-&::::
9IIIIH]9IIIH]8QFC&/6
8CE^0


MA3[IM]73S1]-7D7]!G;B+'=?
CU?TRV?Q;            
?^Z;MKXS[ONW_

_;6V2L*DT











M3.C+O_PA[+OFA]K_ .8'BC_E
=/'?OGZ3_PA[+OFA]K_ .8'BC_E
/'?OGZ3

/'?OGZ3_ 

/'?OGZ3_PA[+O


/'?OGZ
M3_PA[+OFA]K_ .8'BC_E

/'?OGZ3_ 

MR[YH?:_^8'BC_E


-_'C





M'^:/FT1V?YL^S[$U0H@                          .E.Y3]G/G[\BG*G

E.T'M;Y([T.XWBSMMX




XR]O,;DK.ZQ^1
MQ]U<6-_87UO5M+VQO;2K/0NK.\M:\E.O;75M7IS25*<\LL\D\L81A
!?/5







/1ZJTEZ0





L8X_UU8C\^7QVTCW

MM?Y:^'/NOD17V_S/8K;!(       +@CLA_8N[0_HO\ _HHU
15_?GURR@'4

;KQ3[%;U(8

)99L+?4*4LU6K:74TI(X
GCKI/O0@







M



M                      $_7E

MIO'+=G0J=:^


T(UKFKX9K[
YG(5YZV1SVP


MOQS'7F




2K3
MFFISRS1).)B8UCJ< '(        #<?\ =O[QN^7\N?N[R@+3==4-XD68

ML+6E+3HT*%.2E2IRPEEEA$(SUUZ9ZWV0                    52WG2?
M6H=[OY:\I]R







]6
M$/Z%?V'(20J2Q]
D\(RQA,(P$5,3$Z3UP[#'    /7S9OJS.^SZ+_+OXHY
M$5
7S*^M4PB3       6?WN[OU.O9_\ X@/\T?-HCL_S9]GV)JA1

MI6SPC              &O5[SM]5?M?Y:^'/NOD17V_S/8K;!(       +@CL
MA_8N[0_HO\ _HHU




M                    '8W$_$/*/.V^X#B[AK0-KY-Y#VBZA:8+4-

MW?3P^-7K^RV-*K&VQ]C1ZU;JZK1IVMI0EFJUJE.G)-/ XF8K&L]3=]\K;W9G




[^6O*?<C#2P_+CU(P!5      ;6GND




U7Y)Y%QF I6LM2'@I0R=S&6:6
\83ESMK:7\






MCZ/R9+D:M*A&K'&7T+++T:499ZUI2EFEC$O*9*7]V6#0[@
M   /:L;&]R=[9XW&V=UD

OSMM

M'E]=J/8+HT=*[;.+L7JUS?VMO;[7R!E?5YWD_?*EO-ZV6ON.[W=&7)YAYC


8?)


M)/%D^)37M[49 J        -Q_P!T*_O&[Y?P*X)^[O* M-UU0WB19@   *F'
MS9?K


M4J-*22E2I4I):=.E3IRPDDITY)(0EDDDEA$(0A$(0%!^P
M          52WG2?6H=[OY:\I]R





M   ;_GNIG:S#CKM-Y9[IL[BY:&P]Q/(
-7U&]KT9IJLW&'$?MN*ENK&M5EEC

/?YO$W%OA-BH4NL(S7NLY

[J.SXBYEC+



_7/0E&%



L1Q
M
Q6-9G2&R9V;^ZQ]V7+53$[1W;;SK7;)I5;V6[N-.PM3'\E\Q7]K--)6JV56
MUQ&0ET/4)[NTF\
EQ6RF2N;2K&
*V/C&6


M0EAXZ
8^F):WRWO[T]2(4P             'N2O[N=_P#P*VK[A7XYCKA3

M$R-[B
E5I5)99Z=26
LT(1A&





M&6:622::6:6!3MEQUZYZ6P/VO^Z39VZFQ^;[R.YNPQ-OXJ%6]X\[=L34RE_5

D(4YY*6L7]*


M                       (]?-F^K
[[/HO\N_BCD14Q?



M-W
8PA_]W)/3'T]0V]O%CT[80 N      Y+IFW;#Q_N&J;YJ.2KX;:])V3




L8333E.=SDGJTA*UPE

):]AM?*=WNFR65QTD_
M]RE=23QZQ]/ICU*=LN2W7


MZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^
M9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?
MKM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI
M/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_
M^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/
MCXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW

U#UN&U_

MNT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_Z
MI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBO
:I)1R=2]M8SQCXJ4T(QA$[UR7I[L]#7K



5OYB/<'4MO^E79SSQF+\


=O6$J^&%U96]_D.7M\M8QFE\488'5ODC2KB263

_P#W@.US]=HD/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBO
MF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':

MV'N@W3D3#X#^V&A;M[9IV6XIX5UK'YCY5X[VG;L);^T9O4LA1]GJW
EU)[/X










O-


M':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/C
MXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=
IS!WF\G;E0\5
M.:ZM.-N+=5XTJ^'TQJT+?([1LG+
GBA&
2:2,*][@N/ZO'NK9'K6
(T


M                          %?AYG?DA^:!W#]_G=-S9P]VQ_VOXQY'Y0O
M]BTS9O\ K1V]Z_\ +.&KX[&T*5Y\C;1RQA-@QWBJV\\/5W=I0JPZ=8R](PZE
M]CS8ZTB)GIT]+!#^7=\XKYG_ .\!VN?KM'?X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/
MCXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW

M20C- [5F(M$SU:JWG^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT7_ 

MUVA\?%W_ %2?R[OG%?

M %2?R[OG%?

M%?








M [7/UVA\?%W_ %2?R[OG%?

M?%W_ %2?R[OG%?

MR[OG%?

_



N\=6K

M
I=9G-9*XFCS;&

1I$]'JEQK^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?
MKM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI
M/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_
M^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG_P\!VN?KM#X^+O^J4GGD\^0WWP\0=_7#7-G


C0SD+

X#A/DFKD-<U^MGM1U:MF^/=ZQLF)W_$VNP;MGM8

D4M/B]V8:?W\N[YQ7S/_W@.US]
M=HNOCXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_ +P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?_O =KGZ[0^/B[_J
MD_EW?.*^9_\ O =KGZ[0^/B[_JD_EW?.*^9_^\!VN?KM#X^+O^J3^7=\XKYG

IH^^2QV


__ '@.US]=HOOC
MXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=
MWSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\
M[P':Y^NT/CXN_PJ3^7=\XKYG_[P':Y^NT/CXN_ZI/Y=WSBOF?\ [P':Y^NT
M/CXN_PJ6]_Y





M__$ +40  (! P,! 



1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P


MM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P#
M 0 $0,1 #\ _?RBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@





M5OH'B&VO'A0G 9EA=BHSQD\9H ZFBL#Q_P#%7X7_  HL(-5^*7Q(T#PU:W4Q
MBMKG7]8@LXYI




M





20A5!8@<GJ0.] &A17*1_'?X'R
*-RZ[6(!R.<&@

MKGS

MM[\=/@EIOCU?A5J/QC\*V_BAIHXE\-S^(;9+\R2('1!;E_
W
K*P&W)# C@U

C @@J0.: .^HI(Y$E198G#*P!5E.01


M0=(O;B
Z_JT-G%)*59A&KS,H+%58[0<X4GL:L^#O&W@SXA^'X?
M%O@#Q=IFNZ5<EQ;ZGH]_'=6\I5BK!9(V*MA@5.#P01VH TZ*YOXA?&7X0?3

2QQ!@ID9(78A=S*-Q&,L!WKK0!DG '4T %%<=X2_:)_9^\?





BJ?Q!^
?PA^$@M&^*OQ4\-^&1?[_L)\




4 =51537]?T'PKHMUXD\4:W::;IUC TU[?W]RL
%O

(KFYT#6(+R.&3&=C-





MI+*%((8Q@'@FO@K_ ()V?\$E-
_;G^'


-N4#'Z:_X+'_ +;_ (\_90_9?TC2/ 
S:+XU




T2G_ *ZB

M)I)@.Q4GK7L/_!MM_P DN^*/_8?T[_T1-0!\E_\ !-K]B;X5?MU_M6^-_AA\

M]!$%8S0RJ4VS

M/_!//P9X7^._P)^
'B&9+GQ



MQV-)96\MU?-QG#M*IMU[


<4 ?;?_  ;]_M+_


\MLF$ZGLJM&..*S/^#CC_DU

MAE^R;\?_ -F'P1\:?&'Q$^(EKJOB7P]!?7T&FZM8);QRN
D1J]D[!?8L3[U\
8EJS#^0Y8C^
M(0X/!8'R+_@Y)_Y*C\+O^P!J/_H^&OMK]K_Q]^PM#^SYH_P9_;@\9Z7I^D^)


VL$DX\J<DLT#Q
MQ,H0D@;HRNSY@0#)_P"J?Q]^-?[:O[<.G_\$YO@IKDEIH=GJUOIUY DS)%J
M&H,@EFGNO+0VZ$_)@X







C



M0F.


M$@O^;?C+]GM]0_:K_:4,TOQ&\5V[_9[\D
D^EP3


M7

'#



;Q]\6_$X

G[*?[.OQ@_X+8?M)^*?C3^T1\2



M\



MMNW^QX\


U745W8R
XSG&1TZT ?L?7X__ /!(3_E+Q\2/









-;H1SWZT ?E





\
WOB6/4=7TO6;2**Y
=P@CU)-L
LJ
'W
MSR*=W#..

Z GUM37Z0?\%-OC



MTV[=N



M;_:SYG;'(!]Z?\0Z?[$W_14?BG_X.]-_^5]?=OA_1;7PWH-CX=L9)'@L+.*V

M17V;O[1.W.W&


M2\?#?_KU\-?^G*6@#[!_9I_X(J_LL_LK_&_0OCY\/?'WQ O-8\/23O96VLZK


&KZVA$@N!<E_
\^W

MM^08&W/7DU^5'_!4OQ)\0OV_?^AVL_!3X-VYU*W^'7A^^L[.!&.QY+*WENK
MYN,X=I5-NO9FCB'&:_5_]L+X_PG?LN_LS^
?CI?O'YNA:-(^FQ2_=FO7Q%;

OB/XT^
O[0?ASQCK_B;Q#:I::==Z#86L
M_EQ/*9KIY6GN8CODD6'H#]QLGG% 'VW_ 



JA6ECD4 LH!RIXSC'6OW&K\*Y/@I\5/V@_^

ML!#'#
.#T/8?\&[_ 

MU3PWKL2ZJ/$-Q*)+C5I)% 

M3[S53J


M=V\EXANKMX9-CQP1H

MOT+X^?#WQ]\0+S6/#TD[V5MK.JV


.0.HX/Q_^QG_
M 
K 'C'_ +'3Q?\ ^@W=?K_7Y ?L@8T__@X&\66]X1&\WC/Q=Y2L?O;HKMQC



MM]!$%8S0RJ4VS


MVB!_NQ@=J_



\T!;Q#YEKGVF.[L9
_=


M/'?QTO/AIIGQST?X3W/Q0\0'X@QRZAX9;S/%J23L7CM=QPL)


+C
M&!P3GI* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .
_:#^!7@+]I?X-Z




VE
MWD:E8Y53(#+M9D9





MOD#-I=2-GS

O:9H<*Z[JNJ^%[.[GN+UAYDY,LD;,ZB5GY)PH4#@OH6B@#\[O^N/_!*+



M (.*=%\
K\'T\$ZE-
D/V:/7Y;;29KD)]W_C\
AC9L?\M&)?ONSS7ZO44 ?
M?_!+S_@DGXR_9Z^)$O[5/[5VO0:KX]F
[Z7IL5V;H6$TX(FNIYS_ *ZY8
Z_
M*2JAV.YF8;*7_!2#]AW]J/X]_P#!1SX5?'GX3?_^UO?AO3]#BUK5?[;L8/
MLS6^L75Q






C/W%\*=$U/PU\+O#7AS6


M[^-(_:(\-?!@'QF+^:^_MW4_$'AV^?[5+N+S[+FXD3S






_+GQE_X)/_ +;/

T\ZA@










M=0C_ .$QTZU@AU'1VOUM)KA[=BUO=6T[E529.%(9E&$0@@@AO%?&VK_\'!?Q

MLSX +2$#(4
WD7[(7[#O[4?PN_X*S_$7]IGQU\

MMS=B2 ^3'


M&$2*XWLBC 42;MH 48 C];Z* /SS_X)0_\$P/CI\%?C1JG[8/[7=_&OBZ_

Y!%?I310!^9






MX* KGY@.:_2B@#S3]L7X6?[3O[
7C7X&W





@@G[6KA4..KQ;6]#SS])?\






T;7;67Q=I
OB+3E($%


1SY4@S&X



')_P#T(NE?

M
3%]S9]PD?CFOA[_ (*.?L$_M8_'G_@HUX)^/'PG^%/]J^%-(M]#74=5_MVP
M@\HV]])+-^ZFG21MJ


M_P#\$Y_V

M[GPM




[.ZJ 2!D\D#FO

?V _A]9:[XFT

%
M/ _AVQ^-OQ2_80MK;X=WTD;0:FNFZC:2*0CRR+N0O&-X/RL8]KY&
T ?J-1
M7BOPT_;9^'/QW_8]UG]K+X-*UW;Z7X?U[FTG4$EM;RUMVE:TGD[3D+R0





M1#?[#?\ T)?Q)_\ !#9__)E?77[2'_)N_CW_ +$O5/\ TDEK\=?^.GQ)_8%
M^'O_  L7_AN/3O!=Q]L_LC_A%_\ A+_BZGMV?;?M/DY@E\K[UON^[NPO7;P

9Q\S849




/=)T7]O7]C2;PMHNLD&&_TW3;RRGCBXW2)'=.ZW!7(W('
M1AGGG (!^F%%?/7[<_[<*_LR_LA6_PU3\)M*TOQ9::A=:?_ &7Y]RZ6]S;7

M+M;VZQ
CR;(]C
6\I8+-%O\ F3:RE61BV-R$,=Q^4_M2_\ !9GXG:9^TK<_


DI(4A9)(

MQ3R9*M(F00/OO/_ /@O7_RCYU'_ +&K3/\ T8U?GU_P3EU*[_90_;G^!WC:
M[N7BTCXFZD
NX_*R7DUSIX4GT%W;I)[8':@#]9OVT_V^_@;^PAHV@:Q\:+3





M1)Y4
[13O()H3)\K
CC;AC\Q4K0!]V_&/XW_  D_9]\$W'Q$^
_C_3?#NCVW



MKKRW=1')Y$@$9\LG:6PV#7Z$?\$U/V@_CU^T!\%KB^^._PS_J'@?1);:PT

M$6@^*K34-#TQKZ\DUW3H(8FC$R1$(8YY6W.. 
9Y[5]%5^0'_!O+_R=]\1

MK.H0WBPPQN-K-6C$CLRJQ&P  YH _1BOS
B_X+;?M3_ KXZZ;\/?VX?V3;
M'PCH^IO&[-:1W



M@ 'IU%%% !7%ZI^T/\%M'^

NIZI\0KO4=3EN_AU%I=
MX]Q;R30.DJ&%$
X
:DL05R




M' ?B'7O%NG_ ;Q7XJ\/R:3JFI^#[R[U+2I8W1[.XD%D\D+*X#*49BI# $8YY


MNI65U=W+IR5+?9Y(TBD902(1YC#U:@#]+:*^9/\ @G'_ 

4SAPBK*I<^7QAN!FO




M 

R!%S@9YK

MX2@[MI#)N#G/U=\7?@/_ 
$L_P#@JIXM\.W'[.7[07ASX=^*+=98;_2;/PJM

MCV5W!;RQ:+;1RSEYG+A9)$7&3S\W3UKY87_ (.&OV&BP!\&_$@9/4Z#9\?^
M3E7O^Q_A34/ ?\ P2G_ .$'U?Q+-K5WHTF@6-UK%S'LDOI(7CC:=ER=K.5+







0/67)ZOM']F+_@F5^R5^SQ\)=-\WOP3\+^)-7



W_  3Z_9ZMOV3]$^/_ 
3OA?HGB?Q/XQ^T7*SZ_IT=Y'86JS/%

M(MQYFM6^@Z'N62YC=6AN+:))(DMY/O;BN!E48*3N)^B/VO/VP/AU^PK\!U^*

OE; 1@\\5]J_L2_M
MX_[]N/X,77Q/^'UG+IVIZ0?)\0^&[R8/-I\^PLHW  21. 2D@ W;6!LK*

M-1WJB64L
[2


M3PGX=U@K*B6\5U#?PVC/M

F/*BG@N

M+\(OA4WC3XB^+8XI=.TN25UA@CEF
$.5C&^:265758U*_=)+#@-XAXI_X*V?





M\&K_ 




8

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


MBZ [UVE@W.
$ _$KQ/\ '/\ :$_:C_X*+Z[^UY^SY\$K[X@W?A[Q)'J&@Z0-
MNK^VL[8^58O-%;

M?;?C3\*O#?QS^$GB3X.^+DSIWB71;C3KI@@9HQ+&5$B@_P 2$AU/8J#0!\E?
M!7]I?_AJ/_@BEXV\8ZGJ'VC7-%^$OB'0O$;
V7-W:Z7
HD8]VDB

I]Y3Z5Y

MP8^+'P-'[4?]NZ-\4?=SI3(W@PV_P#9=S+;36XNU'VU_,PDQW1_)OV)\XQ7
MHW_!.#]@'_AWW\._$'@'_A;/_7?V[K2ZA]K_L'[!Y&(5CV;?/FW?=SG(ZXQ

/V





MP

$9+/Q/'^P-^TQ?W:R_V-+H5S'8$YV&Y72KHW&.V=CV
MV?PKM/\ @VSTJRC\?%;6UA7[1-J^E0/)M&=B17+ 9],NU?;_@W]D'X7?G]





M!8@_\$]OBQ\9=

['PX+RRGL9V8K'
JN&EC1_
M.?D*-OPQ!((!Z/\ \%]O$O@;3?V#Y?#WB.\MO[5U3Q18?\([;NP
K31L6ED0



MZ^'M6\

* /9?VD/^3=_



_X-PM;T7?_ &-^W9=VGFX\S[+X!:/?C.
[

3]H_P-7QK_ &A/^$'A/QW\0-0N]0O[3Q_

&X6@3^(H=1^)?[8NL:

=:P&_X(3_

M#BOK']B+]AWX
?\ !/'X0ZCH'AG7FN[F\(OO%?BS5]D!N/*1L$\[88(U+E5+
^)'C[XG?MT?$-#<:EK&I2Z98W<B_PLN)Y!=WT@



M?

9/&I!$)N;B=VBBR,%44$@\,IYH \S^,EIXHLO^#=OP)%XM$HN
M&UR&2V$P.[[*VIW;6_7L8BA7_9*U]B_\$7],LM,_X)L?#@V<HURFJ33L 
N


MGFA%ON[[2Z7.WWW5^JW@7_D2-&_[!5O_ .BEK\]_'G_!OM!\2_#-EJ7B_P#;



[1_V/






_#G6M9OYKZ
M_@CLY&:ZFR9Y(9HI48)*68M$P(R[<[2%&-XQ_X(*:AXOU_0?B???MK^(+SQ


41#!CMV=&S7
MF?AC_@GKKO[/_PP5\5/@Q^TI^VK'-I'B2SML^*=8LI7MO#MM 45419[G,BM
MM15C4I@[0H8D@#[:T?7M#\16AU#P_K-I?0!RAGL[A94W#J
J2
\CCWJW7QU
M_P $




MO7UQ_P %)_\ @E__ 


:M^PW\)]8ET#2]4TB2UD




MR-=11EW(C8N /F/((SD$  ^^*_)3]F3_ )6%_%G_ &'_ !#_ .D4M?K77Y__
M +6/_!%#Q1\8OVHM5_:;^!7[3
_@B^UVY^U7D(L)?.M+AHQ'+)!/#
C8D&XE






MD@:V^SQB)5G0$@D;2 
5^DU?
_\ P3R_X)E?_\ 8%TW4]:L/$UQXH\8:YL
M.J^);NU$ 6 
&\B(,WEH6 9B69G95)(J!]
4 ?D_\ %K_E8YTC_L*Z7_Z8

MR;!;3'VK[2



M#']K?S\-
&V;DSLQNYR+7_!.3_@E-H?[ OCGQ-\2-0^



MMUK3IK*Z\+W'A7R8S*)(&-P+MP9(RN-WE_




IV=1YJ^M?0W_  5K^
-S
M^R1_P32T']GRSU91X@\4:/8^%4:)_F-I;V\8O9!ZJ4183[7(KI/V)?\ @BK^




Q8A$89/)K]S='TC3/#^DVN@Z+91V
MUG96R6]I;1#Q1(H54 [   #Z5\H?\%'O^4GA[]O_QEX:^(-G\7#X
UC0M.







-

M848222#S#Y;


M^SV4%T&W+/('=WN'5L
N2JAN2K8!KZG_ &LOV3?A'^V7\([CX/\ Q@TZ=K1I
MUN=/URD7.GW*@A9X6((#89E((*LK$$4 7?AGK_ 
&W_9@T/Q%I%WI:^ D\
M$P21R2%#:1Z8MJ

O)C3\JS?'=A97_ /P<906]Y:I(B^+].E
N0'318'5OJ&4



Z@A?E!(CC0$A(P3M
MW
269F8@'PO_ 


MVCSVK _X.*+GPMJG[0WPTT3PALF\71:!.NH1V7-P(GN4^QH=OS [_M!4=?FR
M.O/O/[1__!#7P]XM^


M&VXD
LDDES*N 4+%0IYVDA6 !R__  5%_8O^&7[4/Q\$:QI_PUGX.\&?&R

ZS


N%F72 ES-(Y *Y1KF=DC




%?.[#D;1CU&I^T_P#\

M+OSXPMK]B4R.^YE4D?


MP2\&?!W_ (7'_P (Q_PB-W'-_:/_  CWVW[7MMC!CR_M$7EYSNSN;T]Z +'P
M8T/3M
_X)':!ID%K&(9O@!%-+&$ 5FFT;S'R.^6=B?4DGO7Q;_P0PM==OOV4
M/VC[+PNKG4YM&B33A']XSFQOA'C'?=BOTB\*? 7_ (1C]D_3?V7_ /A*_/\


M/A7XA6G[5.KSZYI6H1ZCXHU36_#YO9M=O%N%E+[C=J8%PH4 ^:V26+-G  /



^Q&XQM$I@&


O&WPET+Q]\+=2L6\)WFC0SZ-/:*L4$5H$&U0O C*-I4XV%2I P1
M6QHGB?PUXFCDE\-^(;'4%B($K6-VDH0GH5)Q7RW^RY_P3^\5_L??LN_$+X

VX;F)\X_X

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


/\ 9+8/0@CBOL;3-
TW1--M]&T;3X+2



=I:3!B)9)&W[KA




M **^*/\ @K1_P4K^



!$1 %10.@
V* /MVBBO#/^A/[;&A?L(_L_P GQ<O_  VVLZE?
M:E'IF@:5YWEI/=NDD@
C@$K&J1NQP



M0 4444 %%%% !17S9_P4C_X*






M_

:XEVD[(T4LQP 2< '@<UX%^
MQ)_P41^&W[=WC;X@:1\)?^HV^A^?[,6WUC4R(Y-3:Z-WN981DQ(OV8;2S;
MFW\JF,$ ^A:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AU
M'3M/U?3Y])U:QAN;6ZA:&YMKB

M%=#L]


M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M1B(VSND-G 4%J]4_P#:PP?V!\8 LN9?MFA[TQT79?8/XG=^5 'E?[#G[4W


M]F\A;B$S_O()(WW':I )B(.Y3DS_ /!NU'&?VC/BI


^
G[/.M^&?V7_V:;U[#Q;XJ
MLUO+_5[:%9+FWDF:"W# A9)9$DR^-RA5VX+;AXG^U+^SI_P %6OV:?V.?

:EJ%Q?S:7'.Z*LT
LPR3'(4#&-@HSG:Z@D1_

M
[;P[XQOK$1Z#K5W.\4=I-YB$LS)'(P&T
.$;KTKY!_X-T_^3)O%'_94[[_T

MV6]C66-6CMY2Q:0AL%5''4=*]4_X+5ZSXF\.?\%2O!?B'P5I4=_K-AHF@W&D
M6

E\*_^Y6_].DM %[]N+PI_
MP5V_9!\%V/[6WCS]MF6^


$CX'9/M =CV5&)X!- $OP0^$G_!8_\ ;+^#

QO&[
ME/L=M+;-)

PT=[_2KV+4&:
MT@LF+SO*99F)506=CN/R\@XQ@?G)_P %B?VCO^9GQ?^!4D7P;?PSX@^)=YJ
M=O)IVM^&])

$]

;BXM':8J9;QY(@[J!P(ODW


M;ROMRVDC*%G
'\+%3T4D#D '[*?\%Y98KC_@GI?SP2JZ/XHTMD=&R&!=L$'N
M*\&_X)I_\%:_V0/V6/V



WP
\!7VF:1#XMTG6+MYHE$L-C






;W


C/L'


MUM[73K#1;GSFMX_/CDDFN
#]QM1#A7PY8J-N-Q'A&C_LF?%32_\ @@3K-S=Z

9N?]S#4 :G[(O@/_@L)^V_X1N/VMO#7


M%LES;M+ VEI!&LGR '?$MVMP9$ .X;Q@[L$ \.^ /Q'_ &@/VS(OAY_P3?\


M
_9]^$GB[3;R#P3I\6E26

M1O'V@X.


MF1U$/_!O3\-?6I^+O'W[1-W\2M%G\2ZC:M8'PAI\A6XL+:2X6:2XEC8#/)


DRVT3JORH/


MWP_\8-'NU6^N7GD@B:0123QRS#S8Y(696:-F9&1AC#
OSS'\#OA%X3_ .I

ML:])^





M^E/C

PV
M.K@N6233K.5Y9)&_NM+$+6U)]0AH ^W?B/\ MF?'?]@K_@ESX-^(_P 4O%5S

K!;^6I3O*PSP2*\7TOX-_\ !9;4/V:1^W=;



MQ*;0M?\ &L0WG_R%LUD^T6VEW&?(^RHJLN)L

MQ


)%C0LQ:X6

M:WFY9(2$92^!@E1@%ACT'_@M%^U7
M\:=

UQ(\95WAAC0GR@0


TTA4G+1Q!)2H/WB$!X8U\X_LQ?!S_ (+._%WX46?[9_AG

M)H XO_@BW^V=^TS^TY^U7\0-&^-GQ)U34--@\.3WUEH-VX
.G2F^A4(@(##8



%OC7\#= N==U/PC!<VNJZ!9+ON9K61D



F%8C$S+(&X#1MMS\P?'S4 7?\ @EE??\$W_'&A

M_PW3_P50_:Y\1_!G]D#XTR?#OP)X76:2/5+&ZDMWFMHY1$MS++/-DDF8Y2

/A6\M9!+(6\E;B\A:T@9
MN0TH2)VS_P!
VYYY\8_8H_9Z^ EE^U-XN_9Q_;4^-GB;X8WFE^=9V6J:/K\&


M4C!8
#=?T?3XKK5='8
M)<1UNG%TD#



M

M00P*[BH-:_\ P41_9Q\

:DFG7[7;

M^5%=+AFC&91SR2OZ?L3_M_^)/\ @H9\/B%XED^ D_A2WT339+&*[&M?;(=


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


_\ @CK_ 


RF2/;)AB P!K

EA_:%Q;9EC)*-OMY$?@D\;L'O5GX3_  /^%?P0^%-C

M._M,?L#_ +)_[74\.I_'/X26FI:G;PB*WUJTGEM+U$'1#+RM(HR<*^Y1DX
[@5@<C=6$<@]G

7. Q7&TE3[M10!Y;X


VA131:4_]MWUI



8XQ3Z* /
MEW5/^-/_!.[5_BWQ#N?@




M\
T_^7EK/_R97MGP(_9F^ O[

M/;*PP1%YK%8B02R*&(8@D@XKWNB@.ZM;6^M9+&]MTFAFC*312H&5U(P5(/




MQN598F5BAP



MZS\#?A9#8:K=Q&*XUJ^NI;N[:
D$QK)


M9.J+\




I9Z;I\.R-
G)8]V9B269
MB68DDDDYKP.V_P/W[ UA\6H/C+I7P?N++5+75DU.VMK+7KN*TBNDD$BND2
MR * X#!!A!C&W'%?3=% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17R[\;?^Q/[GP'^)-W\*O%/Q%O]0U73;HVVK'



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M02

:@-/





Z8RN)%(R* -W_
M (+




M 'U5S^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*/[.T__GQA_P_0H I_P#8^&/^@U!_P!]4?\ 8^&
M/^@U!_WU5S^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H I_\ 8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF
M/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[]@G_PF/AC_ *#4'_?5
M'_8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8?^_0H I_\)CX8_Z#4'_?




M3_\ GQA_[]@G_PF/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_ 'U5S^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*/
M[.T__GQA_P_0H I_P#8^&/^@U!_P!]4?\ 8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/\ ^?&'
M_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H I_\ 8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\




MH-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_?57/[.T__ )\8?^_0H_L[3_\ GQA_[]@G_PF/AC
M_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_ 'U5S^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*/[.T__GQA_P_0H I_P#
M8^&/^@U!_P!]4?\ 8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H
MI_\ 8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[
M]@G_PF/AC_ *#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8




M_L[3_P#GQA_[]C^SM/_ .?&'_OT* *?_8^&/\ H-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M57/[.T__ )\8?^_0H_L[3_\ GQA_[]@G_PF/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_
M 'U5S^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*/[.T__GQA_P_0H I_P#8^&/^@U!_P!]4?\ 8^&
M/^@U!_WU5S^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H I_\ 8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF
M/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[]@G_PF/AC_ *#4'_?5
M'_8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8?^_0H I_\)CX8_Z#4'_?




M3_\ GQA_[]@G_PF/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_ 'U5S^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*/
M[.T__GQA_P_0H I_P#8^&/^@U!_P!]4?\ 8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/\ ^?&'
M_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H I_\ 8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\




MH-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_?57/[.T__ )\8?^_0H_L[3_\ GQA_[]@G_PF/AC
M_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_Z#4'_ 'U5S^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*/[.T__GQA_P_0H I_P#
M8^&/^@U!_P!]4?\ 8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H
MI_\ 8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[
M]@G_PF/AC_ *#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MNOA1^RI_P3!_9R\6Z3\.OV:=7\;W_P 3[?4([BYU*


M@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH_
MX275_P#H4+W_ +Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_\
MA)=7_PA0O?^^EH_X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_X275_^

M .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W
M_OI: -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?
M^^EH_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^E
MH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\
MOI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W_OI: -BB
ML?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_P$
MEU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_^
M$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU
M?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W_OI: -BBL?\ X275
M_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_P$EU?_ *%
M]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+
MW_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_O
MI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W_OI: -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_
M +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8
MHK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\
MA)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?
M_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W_OI: -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)
M=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$E
MU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA
M0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%
M]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W_OI: -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_
M[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]
M_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH
MV**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_
M (275_\ H4+W_OI: -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK
M'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X
M275_^A0O?^^EH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A
M)=7_ .A0O?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\
MH4+W_OI: -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^
MA0O?^^EH_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O
M?^^EH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0
MO?\ OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6C_ (275_\ H4+W_OI:
M -BBL?\ X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6C_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH
M_P$EU?_ *%]_[Z6@#8HK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EJUI6JWNH2.EUHD]J%7(

MTZ%D#X^4L 02







M






M'M'
!WZ

M1'-Y3P6
A['&4OCIO_TJ#^U!]&KV\U9OHPF
]NW3J+EJ+=?JO(V****^N.X*
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\Z_:)^/6F?!?PSLM#'/KE\A&G6C'(3L9G']T


E.?L:ZY:B^Y^:.N
MHHHK[4] **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

U_M/0'O[R-74*VQV@L
MW5)-CHQ3.0''8BOIO7OV_9/A#^P?:_MB?M(?![5/6L3I)%_P@5T)(KPWAN9
M88+?]_&C)O2



^2O


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBODOXD_ML_

MD@4 ?)?[:O[6W[-7_!+WX9W?@3X!?#+P[I_CWQ;NFT+PAX7TB*VC
[@1+?7
;
8E8+Y:A-\C
Q52 /U0T^PL]*L(-+TZW6&WMH5B




LA &54=%[D^N
?0_P[^%^H_##PM!X



H?\


MC+IFJV

JW3W7R*7V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C1]B\;_\ 0;LO_ 8_XUL45]=1C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!
MNR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__
M $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!NR_\!C_C6Q10!C_8O&__ $&[+_P&/^-'V+QO_P!!


A7K1=+ 4N94
MY62J56[)R5T^6&BZ:V[_  ^).B\YJ*4E:G&]GU?GY+^O3Y3TZP^.G[&^H_VM


X0N5!C==S8[')QNQQ[[\
?B8WQ;T
:UX1\6V3E !

MSZ$\X];K[[)\YRW/L%'%8&HIP?WI]FMTUV?Y'I4
12Q-/GINZ
?[%XW_ .@W
M9?\ @





M#_P ]C7M/PP\ :7\




MGHFE^9YM7

]RG.-2FIQV:N%%%%=
M)84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
;<R?W5'\ST _#//B\7AL!AIXC
*[WRXU^6!.9+B3'(.Y/Y



]R3R3R:MT45^
MH0AE!0@K):)+1)+HCV$DE9!1115#/)/CQ^RKX;^)_F^)OC1:5KX^8S*N(;
MIO\ IH!T;_;'/J#QCB?AC^TQXT^$VN#X7_M#:?=*($AU25TL2] 7(SYT?H


.;V;6?!US:6RLMQYEQ<7-O&79EQ_V







M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HKF/BO\6/
MOP?\
GQ+XHED8/)Y=K:P*#)/)@G:

MD1-BB7B2+
4%;PC;]Y<R =!Z*.


#\5_BY++#H2-BTM8R4$Z@_ZJ(=5C!^\_4G.#G)$GPF^#_C+]I'Q
M7_PN/XSS2?V2TF;*Q.5%RH/(/X(1Z]6YYR2U?3-I:6MA:QV-C;)##@2**)







]



MI8_L[Q?I=QGIY&H1OG\FKRN]_84^#5SDVVIZ[;'MY5[&1_X]&:R;W]@'P7)G

]\BE








 RZ3-%92P_N75XP(_-4$*54A<@<8Z5]P_L9_M&_LZ_M+?!.Q\7?LRBT\/

M8WC:G!8B 1X.XOO&W&

9=VP
X51R3Z
M=:DHH _

?B;9?%G5?@?IFBZ@T/AGP?J^ASV#S?*72-M

0[  'A]O\:/^LGB



*D1!%(\Z7C^





M%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\: -BBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\ @

M (#'_&C[%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\: -BBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\:/L7C?\ Z#=E

M_P#H-V7_ (#'_&C[%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\: -BBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\:/L7


?\: -BBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\
M@


?\: -BBL?[%XW_
M .@W9?\ @


?\: -B
MBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\:/L7C?\ Z#=E_P Q_QH V**Q_L7C?\ Z#=E_P

M@
?\: -BBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\ @

M .@W9?\ @
?\: -BBL?[%XW_ .@W9?\ @
?\:^6_'7[:7Q6NO$$T7@W5K6TL
M()F2!Q8QNTZ@D!VW@XSUP
8]:^7XGXNRCA+#PJXYR;FVHQBKMVM=ZM*RNKW?
M5''C



MQ\




J




M]%?:Z
J]+-\11E&\8WZ*]_O/ESX8?%WQ=\
?%UOXETS6+EHA.#?VK3
4NH\_
M
K G!.
X)Y!YKZR\)_M9? WQ9MC'BX:;



Z_W




M_&OGL7X1K-
TCCLPQ\JLVTZGN1CS6LDE9VBK)+9G+/)/;5E4JU&WUTW_ 
C6





MA+;2/'-C9W[#G3=1MO*E)]%YVO\ \!)/J!6GI7Q_^&4/B-O#6L?%71YKDOY:
M+$C+&'SC!EQL]OO5]=2XAR&MAX5X8JGR3=HOGBKOLKO?RW\CNCBL-**DIJS\




M=1TOP?-;SW 9@[!Y(]3#


M18HL1QJR(2BA R@#'ZT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5YA^U;\7/

?O)?P! !_O


M 50
C*
MG+9GE7[(?Q2_X6%\+XM(U&YWZEH6VUN-Q^9XL?NG_P^05SW*$]Z]5KY=(/[



SZ]);W&L7\JR7
ML*Y6!0
+&K$9.


 W=HCE
M?H2
C\*\U\6?L3?!K7]TNBQ7^C2GD?8[HO'GW63=Q[ BO7Z*\;



%7
M4D$?F*]4_9M_9LC^-EE=Z[XCUR\LM

M?&7P'^$?C_6!K_BSP3;75X
;KA9)(FDQTW^6R[_3YL\5TFB:'H_AO2X=$T#3




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !



?

MLTKW^)**:N[V:T6B=[W/ Q^2K$55.C:/=?KH2?L\RZ]-\%/#DGB7S/M9TX9


L_6;OYK5;-'EX)/%5Y8N6VT?3O\PHHHK]'/5BBB@ HHHH



1<7E

MM/GF_P#-^2-']HW]IV#X?%O ?P^*WOB2?$;-&OF+9%N!QSNE.1A.W4]@:'[.






MBY5HBJJ\1!#+][]6-
U*QUG3;?6-



S
N#(Y)9VQVRQ8X[
M9K;K]IR7#5
%D^'H5(J

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5


MCQAH5OK&M)B2YN+AG:%7/.Q8R=A5?5E)/)XS@/\ V9OV=[;X3:1_PDOB:))O














OB-H6E%/O)J&K0PM]

P.?:O-_



;*\1_:I^



D\BQ18CC5D0$E%!E &/T%H **** LB3P7I4LC2

?_A!
M](_Y^;W_ 








F60/*
M7+VQ_P!8.?[O#^P5O6MW]G+6](^+'PQM-9O+^[.HVA^RZFHNV_UJ@8?_ ($I

I&/0BOF/X5W$W[-G[3-]\--2E9=&
MUQUBM9)#QAR3;O[D$F(GU+'M7YQG'_&
\84


M]4Q_^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P+:MBB@#'_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:C_A
M!](_Y^;W_P VK8HH Q_^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P+:MBB@#'_P$
M'TC_ )^;W_P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P VK8HH Q_^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^
M;W_P+:MBB@#'_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P VK8HH Q_^$'TC_GY
MO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P+:MBO/\ ]H'X[Z/\%?#'FIY=QK-XA&F6)/?H97QT
:X[G^ZO<\G@<UOV;?V97TBU'Q)^)OVA


M6\[#4JF
JK$UE9+X8]O-^;
?_A!](_Y^;W_P+:C_ (0?2/\ GYO?_ MJV**_

$&Z;

M#A/J^.IJ2Z/:47WB]T_SZW1AB



MA!](_P?F]_\VK8HH Q_P#A!](_Y^;W_P VH_X0?2/^?F]_P# MJV** ,?
M_A!](_Y^;W_P+:C_ (0?2/\ GYO?_ MJV** ,?\ X0?2/^?F]_\  MJ0^='

MRZM]CE?C_KEE\;_B'IWPT^$.FW&J26$LJ_;6G++*[;=^TDX6-=HRYX/;@ E?
MAC^Q7\2]0\46\WQ#LH=+TRWF#W %Y'+).H.=B,L!GIDD8'.#TKWCX? C0?





C_A!](_Y^;W_P 
MVH_X0?2/^?F]_P# MJ_-S_AX;^V%_P!%?_\ +?T__P1Z](^ G_!3KQAX4L-
M=E^/EYJ7BBYE^S?V!!8V%G;)#CS?.\QXU0C.8L?*_P!T]._Z=C?7BG8:56


M&7*
(WLHU&DKMO9P;ZZN^KNSY+
_!_$9KCIXJOF3E.5KN5--NR2W4TNFBMHK








M (5M]0CEC'U$L;
?^^A7YWU]UP5PGP#GWMY4O:5E'DTJ7@X7YNL))2O;Y6\S

MT'^P?LG_ #






MZ^SM+_8!_:=^.=_'X@_::^-



^=26J?


M%+M:-KKU;/7RO@GAO*JGM:=!3J;N=3WY-][RO9^B1XA_P[H_9#_Z)C-_X/KW

=:]$
MHKS


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** D9E12[L  


WS77&5

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


M]SK%[)X6^



]-C@_R




\.C




HR5T[A116%\1?B


(IMMZ)
M);MBG.

MX$?+Q'\=_&$GQV^,BM/9O-NT^RE77)4_+A3TA3H!_$1SD9S3^&_@7Q;^UG

G'RD[5(/3*X/7(]
HKSLVRO!YUEU


!OEE@;^ZZ]5/Z'J

C^+



M+\%M \VX$5UKEW&/M]^%X4=?*CST0'OU8C)[ 0?LZ?L\Z5\&M%_M+4Q'


M .&SOV]_B'\GPZ_9T^R0/]RY7P[=RX_[:R




F
S4EK%I[I/1GQ;_PZ_Z




*?

(O[N.'[1.L






=017RV?<0^*&6





9%J@P?LL9X
S#U[*#U(SR 169^RI\ 9O!%@
M?B5XZ@:3Q#J:EXTN


MV]?L



OC?\%]:^%'@_P5
('V7X2I4ABH5)QBW&





M!FZE/B:AA9]7AZTF_N3:^Y(F
.+L2[X+A_%1?=M4_P#TJZ+/[2/[8/QN?Q3-

')VN




+@UTNF?\ !.S]CZ9
M\'@ZXO!C[W_07)S[_)(*]RA6\*Z_P#Q.(J?X?9?YLX:G_$4X?%A\-#_$ZO
MZ(YK]HG_ (*'_!?A'J\?P^++'Q8?(_LIQH$^!_I$?F_P#'S!Y?^J\SK^'.




M#N#]I7P4/^+6?M
'9_J\7=Y8?3_ %+28H_X59_P55\ C_BG_B*VM/I_P 3

M*^*S^T/_ 
%-_ (_XJ7X)'6%3[['PT\^1W.;-P/QZ5XO^U[^T?\ $SX^?\(]



KR_ SJK#5545K0J0E3O=I/WK22LKOSM;J?IY1

X8ITJE



)9H)%='&5=&R/
M4&G5^,<0\+Y;Q#3BZR<*L-85(Z3@_)]K]'IZ/4^]Q.$HXN*;T:V:W1Y/\OV








E





]:%3YWVC?NV8)_U2XP1WK[\-?L8?LM^%-O]E_!/192G0ZE$
MUY^?GL^:Z


J&0Y=3H5
&JM6-[U'1M)WDVM^9J
MR:6_0VM!\(^$_L/V?PQX8T[38\8V6%E'
?1 *T:Y3_ (7G\(_^A\L/^^S_

MD/\ 





T//]E^+R;T^T7:1






0JY;_
'+7/7S
M+-&_F*^R_L'Q I?#G$9?XL/!?DSPO[1X:GO@6O2K)_FCS:W_ &P?AO)Q<:'K
M,9]1!$P_]&?TJ];_ +5WPEF_UEQJ$7_72RS_ .@DUUUQ\,?AO=\W'@#1F)_B
M.F19_/;5&X^/PEN?]9XT\?]<XMG_H)%'U'Q,I?#B\//_%3DO\ TEA]8X3G
MO0JQ]))_F9EO^TS\&)SA_%;Q$_\ /33Y_PB&LGQU^U!X+T?^S#X1U)-1$M\




%?&-OJ5WINH1I%IE\]M<22R!5XZ.?X6YP


_[J;5/




U:QU%-*TJ\CGN8=M@\!C

\6WCP-WC0QP(
MK+ND*Q5<\YS@9'K_P 5?V8OB5KWQ_\ %OQ/T+PNMU#K3V:6L_VV!


MDIO1\RY\JX'RFID53'9SC:TJSQ






M(_$K-ZV;2CIN?;5%?%=A^UQ=:)I
.E:E\3-
U&YCW![Z:X4SRDL2
K508!
MC:@X SDY)T]-^


M\2

MOC[&^:ML'Q=XCY_EV'Q$\LPE.48*#4HUZ

MSV






5'

+B
+FE.C%*HJD57H5X?$I*U.4917+#;EDW+W[IR
MLW%R\-O#GA3&TL3EDZJDZ;IRE2JTI;.+O.








MZK'*P9 )!)U'))/0U6^'7[










M'4#TP=$.3_WS&M=WH_[2OQZU:V

M  ./4DG#&3\6
@RJNLES9U)U(NGRK#X:











:?SW

ND _\=05W7_#Z1_S\WO_@6U'_#Z1_S\WO_ (%M






]WY:^_E7&&%C3G_ &E#GD]%
MRPAMUOJKW[6L<-;?&/\ :4\-V\=UKO@8:C;.@<7(TYF5E(R'@.SD=\5?TK]



MC*VO





;E^N6RQ.&\H2E*'SB^:_P!YXCX4_PL.D6
MUS_9GQ6^#&HZ=-$=L\FEW:R



.JJTY4Y6]8Z7\V?%*_M%:E% MI;Z/


MS1+YOEQI'D

M:]Q_8

M*^HS3PB^C]PO3Q.


M5[N5MEO/JK;-S?[
$.YG!_WE/M6 +#_@IS^TJ
W5S-X+TFX_A+?V6J@]L+NN
MB



MW?W
]UU;7=%T&W-UK6K6UI&JDE[B94&!]37FG@S]JCP5J$.I2^



M]9?9?[OA:4//EN_O;/)8?V1?$&K2BX\6_$MI7[[+=Y2?^!.X_E7$ZC^S3\75
MOYETOP=(UL)6$#3:C:[V3/!.).1VKZ0_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:C_A!](_Y^;W


M'A85.56YIQBY/_$U%)OSMZZGGXCB;.L17E45:4;](MI+T3;_ #./_P&4_A'
M_P ^=_\ ^!I_PH_X93^$?_/G?_\ @:?\*[#_ (0?2/\ GYO?_ MJ/^$'TC_G
MYO?_  +:NO\ U'X/_P@E_X O\ (Q_U@SO_ *)_P#@3./_ .&4_A'_ 
^=
M_P#^!I_PKE_BG^S'I]EHL



W



M1_S\WO\ X%M1_P (/I'_ #\WO_@6U &Q16/_ 



M8_\ P@^D?\_-[_X%M1_P@^D?\_-[_P!;4 ;%%8__#Z1_S\WO\ X%M5K2M



M1HH ^8K[_@CI_P $\=0^))^)L_P!@%PUU]I?2H]4N5TYI=V[/V82; N?^68

M:1E#+_[!F4@$$'FOHVBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \U_:O^&^H?$CX+:K








MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH *Y3XN_#?4/BCX?B\-VWBC^S(!.);G%GYIFQ]U?OK@ \]











M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!
M_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_
M\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@
MU!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]
M]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_
M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!
M_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_
M\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@
MU!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]
M]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_
M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!
M_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_
M\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@
MU!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]
M]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_
M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!
M_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_
M\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@
MU!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]
M]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_
M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!
M_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_
M\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@
MU!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]
M]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_
M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!
M_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?
M5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_
M\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@
MU!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_  F/AC_H-0?]
M]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_P!]4 :5%9O_
M  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU0!I45F_\)CX8_Z#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!


M]X'TNY\+SZ:-/DT![-!:?90H58A& %55 &T#&W:
8P* /S%_X+_M'_K]H'




5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_
M9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I
M_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?
MH5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V
M=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_
M9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I
M_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?
MH5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V
M=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_
M9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I
M_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?
MH5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V
M=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_
M9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I
M_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?
MH5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V
M=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_
M9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I
M_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?
MH5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V
M=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_
M9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I
M_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?
MH5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V
M=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A3X
MK:V@)
%NB$]2B 9I]% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444





M .^^!_\ P6
_85^/7Q%M/A=X9^(6H:9JNI7*V^E?V_I#VL-[





M$37^AZE9O;7D
1('F;&X=


MKQG^TK^S+X9&F?#?0-.FBOKVSLOL]M?R26:VJD(  IFF5[@+@$B(NP#$B@#Z





M;3+W6]'EM;2[E8X55E8?NRQX'FA


MD  D8S@4 ?-7_#\O_@G'_P!%;U7_ 


ML7X.?MJ^ ]1^(_P4EU-]
TS67TRY;5;'[.YG6*.4[5W'*[94YXYSQQ7BG_!1

XPBM@Y*!BXXRHR
^P_ SX]_/]I/X=VOQ4^GC
M6VUW1+MF1;JW#*T4BXW121N \4@R


MQX^
WPR\#W

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9/COQSX4^&?@S5/B#XZUN#3='T:QDN]2OKE]








6&^=59(HY!(


:-ADP_ SR ?

$9Z_\ :&\/_%WQ5\%/$?AOX^*[;0O&%]IS0Z#K%Y_JK29
MB!YC?NY.B[NB,?09K\I-7_9(U3]D'_@K#\!OWBSXK:EXT\2^)+JQUSQ1XAU
'OA5\/-=^)_BV9X]*\.Z/


MU/QKJ=CX=TV./[TC32B21 .Y:&&9?^!5:\4?\$I/@3\4M
^#8^)NL:W
/A'H

_FM& ^'4
HP10!L_LR?\%5OV
_VK_'*?#+

W[%=I8

\;G*@D$ D@BO@W]J&?X8_M4_\



M =37BG[/'[?W[.7[4OQ;\4?!OX
Z[?:EJ/A)'?4;XV6VSF19O)+02[CYJESP





MEVVMZ)J

.&4@@@C@@U8KY6_P+7CG5_'/_!.K
MP
^N73SSZ2]]IB2R')

-W*(E^BQE$'L@KZIH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




K

_P!A+]EOX;:/


M &S]7O/#'P8\;7']MV-N;B;0]8L6M;EH 0#*@.5D4$@':Q*Y&0
C/QA_P43T



M@/\ X)B? [1?V;/^QWCGX&^'];N]2M?#G@^\MDU_B6X8_87=VC R[
0.


M @ECA5R



M'GQ O+_7K%]FIZ?X?TQ[O[_]R5^(PX[H&++W KS?Q4O__?^XN@:!YVF_
M!;X:R7]S&W*)J%V

M7\O'$&M:8)S!
$$$$@@UXAX_\ ^T7[ 7PY^)U
MQ\+M8^*%]=3V5V;6_P!6TO19KFQMY5;:P,J#,@4]6C5UXX)KX_\ ^;-MX^^


(-6^#VCV&H^*;72)YM T[5PM[JZ5T<+E6



M/R-_X+:?M]:MX_\ CK)^QGHNOW^F^ _#=[;+XWFTA5:XU2Y.R1T 9E5TA5@%
MC9E5I58L3M0K[Y_P3 _X*)?L6ZIXF\
?L1_LR? 7Q5X;2]AN95U'5EM&^TS0

K8  P!@#H* /S3_P#C'_D!_!G_L8-
:%5MS)CE WI7L%% 'X?_&'XB_LD?M4_3PU\ OV?V-)=*^*WC34K23Q9]C
MTXO'8B,$RP6\LDKE(#,4<N/+18X\O@\+^R'[/?PL3X'_  (\&_!Q+I9SX7\,
M6.ER79Q
\







M9X!_9C_X)H?LQWGAW[9JHU+QSK=UII#62E1&/


MO_!0/_E-Q^SK_P!@K3?_ $XWU?I%10!\2?\ !0I?^%X?\%!?V:OV5H1YMK9:


Q7$_\%U_V_O&GP)T#3?V5_@_J\NFZUXJT

#_69'Z#OH6B2:NOB!]'M6OTB\I+
MXVZF94Y^4/C
XYJU0!^2O_!
?_@H=^PG^R[I_A[X'?#GX'^-;CQ9XOU2


MI:?X(@LWL] O=3M_+:YG^SP64:#!*EA;PR.X4ML+HI/S U^F%165C9:;:1V&



M?#;XQ_ML^
'^RCXB_$;4=3:XF'^KTVUWNF3_ '4::X7'8)7Y\?&O]O[P%^V'
M^V)#\6/VN](\3:A\
=!GE_X1KP'X=DC4F$./+CE+R(%
@&Z:127; 1=J[2G[

MA']O?3_AC_P3'U__ ()O^)/AIXHM_B:+^[T2RTQ]
(58KJ^^T2;P6$BRCS)D

;7\Z^T:JW^AZ)JEU;7VIZ/:W





M;5+

J%98I4#*ZG

MVS+MA)!XP^(\FE:'=2'II]D&




6$%G;K$F3U.U0!FK5 'Q7^SA^U?\!O\ @I;^S=\2_P!E/]GO
MX5ZIX
LM
\!/I-C;ZE!;Q6T NH)X8!&L#O@(R G(_/FOB_X-?MSVG[)G[ /Q



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@








FO\ 4GMH3)(L

MYTL/R


M&3S8PI8;23Q\PYKT2@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


3_LI_M



$K*%R1O3(P&CA_^-G_  T[_P 


M0V/@W2;:R\5R:CJOB;Q9*S27










M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M\'^+-



EO%XL\6Z9I;WC
M

M'Q+^''PQTY-7^)7Q T3P]:2

MUGX;^/M%\06:

P!I/$/Q






5K%GTWR
!G\:J^!/BQ\+/B


8S78T %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 45FZUXS\'^&[ZUTSQ%XKTVPN;Y]ME;WM]'$]PV0
(K$%SD@8




M08K[QC%I9FA:-S(P5R/
PP7D=
UZU^R1X&\!?#_ (*]Z#X'_P"=7Q-U7Q3
MX!DT@/XVNDO/M-G'!Y4OG1R3(JI+&K!HW[2R! 21SYY_P $F_A%_P $V_B7

M^S/_ 

[+%@T80_
M
 * /K#]AC_@H)\.OVZ;?Q5!X2\%ZQX=U/PA?PVVK:1KAC\Y?
$FUP$)P-T4

M@'V3.K' VQ
?2OAW]I7XBZI_P2E_X*6_$7XE:!92IH'Q6\ ZCJ&D)%$6C35)


M/H]N8[6*
9S

_::_9WUK]HCX57-Y/:^';



MO.S/RUYU_P &VW_)+OBC_P!A_3O_ $1-74?\$@/VEOV6?A__ 
$U)-+^(7Q!

0TWF0-'&N =Q38
D8KF/\ @VZ*-\
O


MPLIO%/LQH \\_PF/B;5?V@/VH_BW^T#:71DT70?'=GX4LF'*.$M[J.-D/H
M?[.DD_[:@]Z_7+]H7]O/X-?L





M2]Q%#)+'!YX*D?O!MB &5B9R^
* #U_]E'_@JS\/?VF/$WBGX7:O\&O%?@WQ






P(Q


OAU-XR^#_ .RG\1O%E]IXEF\0:?IUANAT:T3I
M/=7


F_8;
M\1F6QB8WGQ$OH[IBG
JQL0%8]Q@GCW/J: /HK]D']O/X*_M@_ C4/CQX6EN
M-L=!EFB\36FN

@ Y)




J!2
MW//)&:^7\0
AR;(LYE2P%16TO3]YNG[L7K*3?-S7;WTO8^K\/


_X+E?\ )Q'[+'_8Z7__ *5Z-7F/_!73



/CA/+&+

#]I




M/C[_ 

ME7_@HI\)[;_@FU\7KG6]0OM=M$U;3M*UM=1@M'DNHX_LHN(^)$EB:021
SE0


27HW.




\!;_1+^%2#@

HCDADWJXD'0 @S?\ !&C]HCP3^Q)\



DK!
\8
L8)ZA9-

MD1-)YID ^\$5?NE@?K[]BOX2ZY\?V3?A[\)/%A=4T3PM:0:I&&!$5R4#RH








M/4%@J%AU

'_9

MQNC $_


M@\=^'/


/X4
GF@$\$SJ1]\9^U?
MVP?VI_V
_$/_  2;U/3?#GQ#\
7=GJ_@6VT[PSX=M;R%KF*]6.



D%65CA@:'Q=^*O_!13_@F
M;9^%_B%JG[8/@SXM^#KS4DBT6SOM5759ID\MG#XF7[1FQ2/,AF95W(?F4$


M]N9+[37
]\
M/_#VUMU_M-!*J';.#Q%M9Q'T+

M%OCRXMS/IN@^+K8I]M4(7VHSI&ZOL5F 9%#!3M8GBOD+_@I9?^+!_P %:OA?


MXF8;5D+?=;) /U(HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /EG_ARK_P $S/\ HVK_ 
O+6?\
MY
KO?@#_ 
$[_P!C#]F#Q5_PG/P1^!&G:1K(C9(M4N+VZOIX%8;6\I[J60Q9








)?A=-_P )6NIPZC-=66M75O%/=Q,K),\4<@7<BDX
M #$98$DY]_HH ^8?@E^R%J7AK_@HO\0_VN3\
[?PMI5_X=.C6C?VZ]Y/XCNY
M9X9Y]49-[+:H%ACA6$8R59BHR?IZBB@#R+X+?L(?LI_L\^?%/PY^#WPK_L
M?1O&EK]F\2V?]N7UQ]LB\N2+;OGG=X_DED&4*GYL]0.A_9X_9F^/[*7@:?



M8_-\Q)+9R:[#X?\ @/PI\+? VC_#;P)I7V'1=!TV'3])LO/DE\BWB0)&F^1F






?\$[OV0_VN


-O _[-6EIJ5G(LEK-JNI7NHKZG*N
ML=W/*@8'D,%R 0<BNT_:._8Q_9L_:WDT63]H;X<MXB'AYYFTB)]:O;:.%I=


ME_M'S?M;Z9\
_LWQ!N&8W&O6^M7J+*6M_L[;K=9A;MF/@YCY/SGYOFKU6B@#





\ ?\$TM.^ '[
GPLU273-&\6
MV;:;H.CQW6HS0QL]S+(V6
DK#?(Q)8G&[' P*U_@+_P2/_8G^)GP3^%OQ
^+



M/@%\&_C[\.I/A-\7_AYIVM^'GV%--N(BJP



/EQT)!Q?VI_P!@G]E_]LN?2]0^/7P_?4;[1D:/3]1L]1FM9XXF

G/L=% 'D'Q!_8+_90^*?P3T#]GSQ[\);;4?#/A:T2W

W_!-[]C[]D?Q))XV^#/PJ6W

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445!8ZE8:D)
&_#U_P(KJ2


M

M 7Q:U/PJ_B6YUF'4GTZ15%P4;3EB+Y!SM\Z3&/[QK@?VF?A3_P %DOV-_A)?



'=8?QE9
M6K:AI[A9#\-P63D'@E%/X4 ?7-%?FU\+?V5/^O'Q:^7AGXS^$_P#@H^L?
M_3^&++6K'3-0CE3RUN;9)TB=UB89&\*2%(ZFO5/^
7[;?QJ_:X^&GB_P +
M_'JXCU+7? VJ6UO_ 
)#%;QQ?;X9UFVJXB 1I(V@?+*!N5TR
Y9@#[1HKQSX

GEW5@]RTC6K_W)FC5EA;U#E2./6NM\
M?_M'_ ;X6_#_ $_XK^/_ (M:'IOAG5I8X]





2=H9I]HRWE+*JF; !)V;N 3T
M%=-\0/VD?@+\*?&EA\._B5\6MT+6]4M&NK#3M4OUADF@7?NE&[ #RWRQ(
MVGTH [:BO
/AQ^VC^RK\6_!OB#XA_#_XZ:!?:'X5('B+57NC!!IX.[:TCRA0
M%;:V&Z-C@FN;\%?\%+OV#_B'XO@\!^$_VG/#4^J75PL%K!/+);I/*QPJ))*B




M6;)?6D:E !D85W'7HQH ^[**\C^


P(((.

M5/\ A#+2\O/-@U+=%YMS'Y3#STC2:-_E8 [UYP: /I:BO$?^?_ .U!H7[4

^-%L-BM:7\D6YXY(T 6



?J:T-:
M_P@O[%/AWXG'X.:U^TKX5M_$*W7V:6R?4/DBGW;3$\P'E(X;Y2K.#P1F@
M#V*BL3XA_$GP!\)?%WX^^)OC+3M!T6Q4-=ZGJEVL


MU\-?\%
,OC3\0]+\-:7<WRV5O?ZM<*.

^ [;XG?%3XI:-H6@WJH;'4=1O%

M6\B/Q&\1S
));:423I+9.S?) %\N


MU2V6XT[4+5MT5Q$WW74]U/8]ZU* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /!/&WQ:_:.\(&ZU#4](BM-/6Z:.XFLD
MP06.W'/)P
UPWPT^*OQ/\.ZC/I'@ZZ6XN-6NO

.9)CG)&2/F/?UP*^F_

74L8#$8S\C#)QZ]



M()!'O7ZUE&7U
KP


44QM I4Q29VL5VX .[I=:_X(C?$OX5_$#5O%G[#_PVSXB^'&F:
MTY-QH:X'E+DD1^=!.AF1=Q!T+*/XV.37J_[!__  2H\+_LB_$C4OC]\1?B
MYJ?Q#^(6J021/K^IP&-;<2D&5E#R2222OC:97?)7(KN;/IG(?(WCKPQ\:?^



M(3E$E+:5M/0\!L=OPK:^)W_!-_\ X+#_ +3.@+\
/VD_VX/!ESX2N;B-]2M=
M+67
@1PREHHKV$^U@&/(%W*IX(!'N/[9/_  2UF_:V\.?70+G]HS4[7X



MOBV;-OGP[


M !\D?\%A?V#OV2_@/^Q=#\4/@W\

FS[;


M9/#LWA9 O@_5](@7=I2[$C

%D?V&?V4O@

MKCQ
-(DBT*Q2V%Y:-:S2EY50 2NCPQCS&R_[P@DYK]*/@9_R1+P=_P!BKI__





KP]^V'XQT



ASP ?&'P0_X)&_M-_%_]F+P

#\(.E9?_
M  3*_:-\6_ #X/\ [1?[(UAX/T2'Q+\*O#'B+7-.\2:#$Q.I7ED)(',SMGSC
MYJPF-@!\@(V\O1]+_X(H?M0Z'H5OX7T7_@K)X^L]
L[1+6TTZUTF]C@@@10

M5$$]N P^SIPCC.]BP+
7)Y) 4  _.'_@GQX2O/%O[.WBB^U+_@F#-\;9_$

4)FB=X)59VE
JL&8RC)( KZ'_8V_8@_:1\??\$Q


NX[/D#@))M50SMC





9
#?%VD?\ !-;1/@IX9@UNVL])

C/

MZUXMGT#4=+U-=0T36(;83K#

M 'E'_!4*XO\ XN_M5?LJ_ 3XM:E.?.LZ;HLNM(;DQI/-=WD=O=$N/F\M%
M?.5$A((R:9_P7K_91_9G^!WPE\!^-O@[\

M))'& )'C=4'F$;OWQ!)R



-D ]B_X*B^(

MZ9%YK1F



J0#[1K\Z_V@?V3_ /@GM_P5
M

M-?HI7Q3^UE_P1]B^+/QYN/VH_P!F7]H/5_A;XUOY#-JDVFPR&*YG*A6E1X98


M[-


;%6/!+ 

M &U?^9D?[1_Q@T7]ISX)_&K4/AK\2]#@6&/7[T\Z.[C4

ME1X)09=D(C$:&1;=Q&J8#Q;OXC4_[&NLW_AS_@L'^U%XATJT^T75AX6UJXMH
M
9\R1+VS95_$@#\:^@?V1_\ @F7XE^$'[0MY^UQ^TI^T5J7Q*^($]HUO97;V


M2Y@/AO\ L#R/L/G7



?BUX%T:74O$U



W&F22/Y;C:\;.X2.4LHL0(PX
M #*0*]Y\3_\ !+WX/W?[ ES^P?X+\0WFE6

;J5
J'W
MNPHN(\*


:O_!0;]C#_



ME/:ZOX!T6SL_#OCUL!OCEAM8[=V: OS%*(U9HP^053#_+D^'^,O^)WQK^.



M8!I/



MV
YAA$-R



M&2T#ZP^([HF-F:$#!WL4#?( 20#@&OS%_P$/[-_A?QG^UAXZ_:5\-Z;=OX

sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;The Company&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Beyond Meat, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;), is one of the fastest growing food companies in the United States, offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. The Company builds meat directly from plants, an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste, texture and other sensory attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating the Company&#x2019;s plant-based meat products. The Company&#x2019;s brand commitment, &#x201c;Eat What You Love,&#x201d; represents a strong belief that there is a better way to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make, no matter how small, can have a great impact on our personal health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat, we can positively impact four growing global issues: human health, climate change, constraints on natural resources and animal welfare.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On September 7, 2018, the Company changed its name from Savage River, Inc. to Beyond Meat, Inc. On January 14, 2020, the Company registered its subsidiary, Beyond Meat EU B.V., in the Netherlands. On April 28, 2020, the Company registered its subsidiary, Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co., Ltd. (&#x201c;BYND JX&#x201d;), in the Zhejiang Province in China. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s primary production facilities are located in Columbia, Missouri, and research and development and administrative offices are located in El Segundo, California. In addition to its own production facilities, the Company uses co-manufacturers in various locations in the United States, Canada and the Netherlands. In the second quarter of 2020, the Company acquired its first manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede, the Netherlands. This facility completed operational testing of dry blend production in late 2020 and is expected to begin commercial trial runs in the second quarter of 2021. In addition, in June 2020 the Company announced the official opening of a new co-manufacturing facility to be used for Beyond Meat production built by the Company&#x2019;s distributor in the Netherlands. In the third quarter of 2020, the Company and BYND JX entered into an investment agreement and related factory leasing contract to design and develop manufacturing facilities in the Jiaxing Economic &amp;amp; Technological Development Zone to manufacture plant-based meat products under the Beyond Meat brand in China. Renovations in the leased facility commenced at the end of 2020 with trial production expected in the first quarter of 2021 and full-scale end-to-end production expected by the end of the second quarter of 2021. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company sells to a variety of customers in the retail and foodservice channels throughout the United States and internationally primarily through distributors who purchase, store, sell, and deliver the Company&#x2019;s products. In addition, the Company sells directly to customers in the retail and foodservice channels who handle their own distribution. In the third quarter of 2020, the Company launched an e-commerce site to sell its products direct to consumers.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December 31, 2020, approximately 90% of the Company&#x2019;s long-lived assets were located in the United States.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Initial Public Offering&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On May 6, 2019, the Company completed its initial public offering (&#x201c;IPO&#x201d;) of common stock in which it sold 11,068,750 shares. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 2, 2019. The shares were sold at a public offering price of $25.00 per share for net proceeds of approximately $252.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $19.4 million and issuance costs of approximately $4.9&#160;million payable by the Company. Upon the closing of the IPO, all outstanding shares of the Company&#x2019;s convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 41,562,111 shares of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;common stock on a one-for-one basis, and warrants exercisable for convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into warrants exercisable for a total of 160,767 shares of common stock. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Secondary Public Offering&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On August 5, 2019, the Company completed a secondary public offering (&#x201c;Secondary Offering&#x201d;) of common stock in which it sold 250,000 shares and the selling stockholders sold 3,487,500 shares. The shares were sold at a public offering price of $160.00 per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately $37.4&#160;million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.5&#160;million and issuance costs of approximately $1.1&#160;million payable by the Company. Total Secondary Offering issuance costs paid in 2019 were approximately $2.2 million, of which approximately $1.1 million was capitalized to reflect the costs associated with the issuance of new shares and offset against proceeds from the Secondary Offering. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common stock by the selling stockholders. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;COVID-19&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The global spread and unprecedented impact of COVID-19 continues to create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. The Company&#x2019;s operations and its financial results including net revenues, gross profit, gross margin and operating expenses were negatively impacted by COVID-19 in 2020. The extent of COVID-19&#x2019;s effect on the Company&#x2019;s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and intensity of the pandemic (including any resurgences), impact of the new COVID-19 variants and the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, and the level of social and economic restrictions imposed in the United States and abroad in an effort to curb the spread of the virus, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As a result, it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company&#x2019;s business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. While the ultimate economic impact of COVID-19 continues to be uncertain, the Company expects that the adverse impact of COVID-19 on its business operations and results of operations, including its net revenues, gross profit, gross margin, earnings and cash flows, will continue into 2021. Future events and effects related to COVID-19 cannot be determined with precision and actual results could significantly differ from estimates or forecasts.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Emerging Growth Company Status&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies &lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#x201c;GAAP&#x201d;), and include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company operates on a fiscal calendar year, and each interim quarter is comprised of one 5-week period and two 4-week periods, with each week ending on a Saturday. The Company&#x2019;s fiscal year &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;always begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. As a result, the Company&#x2019;s first and fourth fiscal quarters may have more or fewer days included than a traditional 91-day fiscal quarter.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Segment Information&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company has one operating segment and one reportable segment, as the Company&#x2019;s chief operating decision maker, who is the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Management&#x2019;s Use of Estimates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant accounting estimates made by the Company include trade promotion accruals; useful lives of property, plant and equipment; valuation of deferred tax assets; valuation of inventory; incremental borrowing rate used to determine operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities; assessment of contract-based factors, asset-based factors, entity-based factors and market-based factors to determine the lease term impacting right-of-use assets and lease liabilities; the valuation of the fair value of stock options used to determine share-based compensation expense; and the valuation of the fair value of common stock and preferred stock used in the remeasurement of warrants and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences may be material to the financial statements. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Reverse Stock Split&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 2, 2019, the Company effected a 3-to-2 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock and convertible preferred stock, including outstanding stock options and common and convertible preferred stock warrants. The reverse stock split did not result in an adjustment to par value. All references in the accompanying financial statements and related notes to the number of shares of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants and options to purchase common stock and per share data reflect the effect of the reverse stock split.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Comprehensive Loss&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Comprehensive loss includes unrealized gains (losses) on the Company&#x2019;s foreign currency translation adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had no foreign operations, and as a result, comprehensive loss was equal to net loss for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. Income taxes on the unrealized losses are not material.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Foreign Currency&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities, the Company translates net assets into U.S. dollars at period end exchange rates, while revenue and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the periods being reported. Resulting currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other, net. Transaction gains and losses on long-term intra-entity transactions are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting entity&#x2019;s functional currency may give rise to transaction gains and losses that impact the Company&#x2019;s results of operations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Unrealized translation gains, net of tax, reported as cumulative translation adjustments through other comprehensive income were $1.7&#160;million as of December 31, 2020. Foreign currency transaction losses  included in other, net were $0.2 million, $0 and $0 during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The fair value measurement accounting guidance creates a fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value into three categories. A financial instrument&#x2019;s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input significant to the fair value measurement, where Level&#160;1 is the highest and Level&#160;3 is the lowest. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The three levels are defined as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Level&#160;1&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2014;Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets accessible by the reporting entity for identical assets or liabilities. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Level&#160;2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2014;Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations in which significant value drivers are observable.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Level&#160;3&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2014;Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which significant value drivers are unobservable.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s financial instruments include cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms, the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s revolving credit facility approximates fair value as well. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company had no financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019. other than the liability classified share-settled obligation to one of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers as discussed in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt; &lt;/a&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;10&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt; which represents a Level 1 financial instrument. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Prior to the IPO, the stock warrant liability was measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs upon issuance and at each reporting date. Inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the warrant liability as of the valuation date included expected term of the warrants, the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and the fair value of underlying shares. There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 for 2020, 2019 or 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The key assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for the valuation of the preferred stock warrant liability upon re-measurement were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:96.153%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:81.066%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.734%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Expected term (in&#160;years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fair value of underlying shares&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$19.02&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Volatility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.48%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Generally, increases or decreases in the fair value of the underlying convertible preferred stock or common stock would result in a directionally similar impact in the fair value measurement of the associated warrant liability.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the preferred and common stock warrant liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.557%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:80.038%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.613%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.949%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:21pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,918&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fair value of warrants issued during the period&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in fair value of warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,503&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital in connection with the IPO&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(14,421)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Ending balance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company remeasured and reclassified the common stock warrant liability to additional paid-in-capital in connection with the IPO. The final re-measurement of the preferred stock warrant was based upon the publicly available stock price on the conversion date. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, all outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock were cashless exercised and no warrants were outstanding as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company maintains cash balances at two financial institutions in the United States. The cash balances may, at times, exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or FDIC up to $250,000. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturity dates of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents comprise of approximately 80% in demand deposits and approximately 20% in money market accounts.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any anticipated losses on the accounts receivable balances and recorded in allowance for doubtful accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated based on the Company&#x2019;s history of write-offs, level of past due accounts, and relationships with and economic status of the Company&#x2019;s distributors or customers. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2020 or 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Inventories are recorded at lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company accounts for inventory using the weighted average cost method. In addition to product cost, inventory costs include expenditures such as direct labor and certain supply and overhead expenses including in-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in bringing the inventory to its existing condition and location. Inventories are comprised primarily of raw materials, direct labor, and overhead costs. Weighted average cost method is used to absorb raw materials, direct labor, and overhead into inventory. The Company reviews inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on historical demand, and the age of the inventory, among other factors. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:46.335%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:50.664%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Not amortized&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Buildings&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;30 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;3 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Research and development equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Software and computer equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;3 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Vehicles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term. When assets are sold or retired, the asset and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective account balances and any gain or loss on disposal is included in loss from operations. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged directly to expense when incurred. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_124 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 7&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Accounting for Acquisition&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company follows the guidance in ASC 805, &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;, for determining whether an acquisition meets the definition of a business combination or asset acquisition. The acquired assets may include, but are not limited to land, building, building improvements, manufacturing equipment and assembled work force. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;For acquisitions that are accounted for as acquisitions of assets, the Company records the acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities, if any, based on each asset&#x2019;s and liability's relative fair value at the acquisition date to the total purchase price plus capitalized acquisition costs. The method for determining relative fair value varies depending on the type of asset. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company has completed one acquisition to date. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_1863 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 5&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, are reviewed by management for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. When events or circumstances indicate that impairment may be present, management evaluates the probability that future undiscounted net cash flows received will be less than the carrying amount of the asset. If projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, then such assets are written down to their fair values. Other than the write off of certain property, plant and equipment in connection with the restructuring efforts disclosed in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_118 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 3&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;, the Company concluded that no long-lived assets were impaired during the fiscal years ended December&#160;31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Deferred Offering Costs&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Offering costs, consisting primarily of legal, accounting, printing and filing services, and other direct fees and costs related to the IPO, were capitalized and offset against proceeds from the IPO. Total IPO issuance costs were $4.9 million, of which $2.4 million was incurred and paid as of December 31, 2018 and an additional $2.5 million was incurred and paid in 2019. Total Secondary Offering costs paid in 2019  were approximately $2.2 million, of which approximately $1.1 million was capitalized to reflect the costs associated with the issuance of new shares and offset against proceeds from the Secondary Offering. The remainder of the Secondary Offering costs were associated with the expense of selling existing shares by the selling stockholders and were recorded in SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the statement of operations for 2019. There were no unpaid IPO issuance costs or Secondary Offering issuance costs in accounts payable or prepaid IPO issuance costs in prepaid expenses as of December&#160;31, 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Stock Warrant Liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company accounted for freestanding warrants outstanding to purchase shares of its common stock or, prior to its IPO, its convertible preferred stock or common stock, as a liability, as the underlying shares of convertible preferred stock and common stock were contingently redeemable and, therefore, could have obligated the Company to transfer assets at some point in the future. The warrants were recorded at fair value upon issuance and were subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date. Any change in fair value has been recognized in the statements of operations in total other expense, net. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Prior to the IPO, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 60,002 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share, 121,694 shares of its Series B convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $1.07 per share and 39,073 shares of its Series E convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $3.68 per share. On May 6, 2019, in connection with the IPO, the warrants exercisable for convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into warrants exercisable for a total of 160,767 shares of common stock at the same respective exercise price per share. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, all outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock were cashless exercised. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes. The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Under this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the respective carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the portion of deferred tax assets that the Company believes will not be realized on a more likely than not basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;With respect to uncertain tax positions, the Company recognizes in its financial statements those tax positions determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on the &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;technical merits of the positions. The Company&#x2019;s policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_151 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 12&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company leases certain equipment used for research and development and operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. An asset and a corresponding liability for the finance lease obligations are established for the cost of a finance lease. Finance lease assets are included in property, plant and equipment, net in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Operating leases include lease arrangements for the Company&#x2019;s corporate offices, the Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center, manufacturing facilities and, to a lesser extent, equipment. Operating leases with a term greater than one year are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities at the commencement date. The Company records these balances initially at the present value of future minimum lease payments calculated using the Company&#x2019;s incremental borrowing rate and expected lease term. Certain adjustments to the operating lease right-of-use assets may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Company elected to combine lease and non-lease components on all new or modified leases into a single lease component, for all classes of assets other than the co-manufacturing class of assets, which we recognize over the expected term on a straight-line expense basis. The Company elected to separate the lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases for the co-manufacturing class of assets for the purpose of recording operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. Prior to fiscal 2020, the Company accounted for leases under ASC 840 and did not record operating leases on its consolidated balance sheets. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_1857 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 4&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Contingencies&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is subject to a range of claims, lawsuits, and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues a liability (which amount includes litigation costs expected to be incurred) and charges operations for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated, in accordance with the recognition criteria of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) Accounting Standards Codification&#160;(&#x201c;ASC&#x201d;) 450, &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Contingencies&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;. Estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters require significant judgment based upon the professional knowledge and experience of management and its legal counsel. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_145 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note&#160;11&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, &#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#x201d; (&#x201c;ASU 2014-09&#x201d;), which, along with subsequent ASUs, amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition (&#x201c;Topic 606&#x201d;). This guidance is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled to receive when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 was effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019. The majority of the Company&#x2019;s contracts with customers generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods. Based on the Company&#x2019;s evaluation and review of its contracts with customers, the timing and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2014-09 is consistent with the Company&#x2019;s revenue recognition policy under previous guidance. The Company has therefore concluded that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Revenue is recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control has transferred. The Company&#x2019;s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order, the direct-to-consumer order, or the contract with the customer which requires the Company to deliver the requested products at agreed upon &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;prices at the time and location of the customer&#x2019;s choice. The Company does not offer warranties or a right to return on the products it sells except in the instance of a product recall.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for fulfilling the performance obligation. Sales and other taxes the Company collects concurrent with the sale of products are excluded from revenue. The Company's normal payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. None of the Company's customer contracts as of December&#160;31, 2020 contains a significant financing component.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and consumers. These programs include rebates, temporary on shelf price reductions, buy-one-get-one free programs, off invoice discounts, retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period, the Company recognizes a liability for estimated sales discounts that have been incurred but not paid which totaled $3.6 million and $1.6&#160;million as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The offsetting charge is recorded as a reduction of revenues in the same period when the expense is incurred. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. The incremental cost to obtain contracts was not material.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Presentation of Net Revenues by Channel&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective January 1, 2020, the Company began presenting net revenues by geography and distribution channel as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.541%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.242%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:71.817%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:83%&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:83%&gt;Description&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;U.S. Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from retail sales to the U.S. market&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;U.S. Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to the U.S. market&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;International Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from retail sales to international markets, including Canada&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;International Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to international markets, including Canada&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:3pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1) Includes net revenues from direct-to-consumer sales.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Net revenues from sales to the Canadian market, previously included with net revenues from sales to the U.S. market, have been reclassified to International net revenues. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current period presentation. The foregoing change in presentation had no impact on the Company&#x2019;s net revenues, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective January 1, 2020, the Company also eliminated the presentation of net revenues by platform as it is no longer material to an understanding of the Company&#x2019;s financial results. Previously, the Company presented net revenues by platform for its &#x201c;ready-to-cook&#x201d; or fresh platform, and &#x201c;ready-to-heat&#x201d; or frozen platform. Gross revenues from sales of products in the Company&#x2019;s frozen platform were 5.5% of gross revenues in the year ended December 31, 2019, as compared to 16.3% of gross revenues in the year ended December 31, 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table presents the Company&#x2019;s net revenues by channel:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.237%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:48.981%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.615%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.723%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.615%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.723%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.615%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.728%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;U.S.:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;264,111&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;129,383&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;49,772&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;60,763&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70,372&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,717&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;U.S. net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;324,874&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;199,755&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70,489&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;International:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36,472&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,426&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,007&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;45,439&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;82,716&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,438&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;International net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;81,911&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;98,142&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17,445&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;406,785&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;297,897&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;87,934&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;One customer accounted for approximately 13% of the Company&#x2019;s gross revenues in 2020; two distributors accounted for approximately 17% and 16%, respectively, of the Company&#x2019;s gross revenues in 2019; and three distributors accounted for approximately 32%, 21% and 13%, respectively, of the Company&#x2019;s gross revenues in 2018. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company&#x2019;s gross revenues in 2020, 2019 or 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:125%&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Earnings (loss) per share (&#x201c;EPS&#x201d;) represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, inclusive of the dilutive impact of potential common shares outstanding during the period. Such potential common shares include options, unvested restricted stock, restricted stock units (&#x201c;RSUs&#x201d;), contracts classified as assets or liabilities that are required or assumed to be share-settled under the two-class method, warrants and convertible preferred stock. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company calculates basic and diluted EPS available to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class method required for companies with participating securities. The Company considers all series of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO to be participating securities. Under the two-class method, the net loss available to common stockholders was not allocated to the convertible preferred stock as the holders of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. Computation of EPS for the years ended December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified, share-settled obligation to an executive officer to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount because the shares to be delivered are not participating securities as they do not have voting rights and are not entitled to participate in dividends until they are issued.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Nonvested restricted stock awards (referred to as participating securities) are excluded from the dilutive impact of common equivalent shares outstanding in accordance with authoritative guidance under the two-class method. The nonvested restricted stockholders are entitled to participate in dividends declared on common stock as if the shares were fully vested and hence nonvested restricted stock shares are deemed to be participating securities. Under the two-class method, net income, but not net loss, available to nonvested restricted stockholders is excluded from net income available to common &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;stockholders for purposes of calculating basic and diluted EPS. Net loss available to common stockholders is not allocated to unvested restricted stock as the holders of unvested restricted stock do not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. In periods when the Company records net loss, all potential common shares are excluded in the computation of EPS because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. See&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_157 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 13&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Prepaid expenses primarily include prepaid rent and insurance, which are expensed in the period to which they relate.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Selling, General and Administrative (&#x201c;SG&amp;amp;A&#x201d;) Expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;SG&amp;amp;A expenses are primarily comprised of selling, marketing expenses and administrative expenses, share-based compensation, outbound shipping and handling costs, non-manufacturing rent expense, depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing assets and other non-production operating expenses. Selling and marketing expenses include share-based compensation awards to brand ambassadors, advertising costs, costs associated with consumer promotions, product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers, retain existing customers and build brand awareness. Administrative expenses include the expenses related to management, accounting, legal, IT, and other office functions. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $0.3 million, $0.3&#160;million and $62,000, respectively. Non-advertising related components of the Company&#x2019;s total marketing expenditures primarily include costs associated with consumer promotions, product sampling, and sales aids, which are also included in SG&amp;amp;A. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company does not bill its distributors or customers shipping and handling fees. The Company&#x2019;s products are predominantly shipped to its distributors or customers as &#x201c;FOB Destination,&#x201d; with control of the products transferred to the customer at the destination. In-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing a product are included in inventory and reflected in cost of goods sold when the sale of that product is recognized. Outbound shipping and handling costs, including shipping and handling costs related to direct-to-consumer sales, are considered as fulfillment costs and are recorded in SG&amp;amp;A expenses. Outbound shipping and handling costs included in SG&amp;amp;A expenses in 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $11.9 million, $10.9 million and $6.1 million, respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Research and Development&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Research and development costs, which includes enhancements to existing products and new product development, are expensed in the period incurred. Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and related expenses for the Company&#x2019;s research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and share-based compensation, scale-up expenses, and depreciation and amortization expense on research and development assets. Research and development expenses in the years ended December&#160;31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, were $31.5 million, $20.7 million and $9.6 million, respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Share-Based Compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company measures all share-based compensation cost at the grant date, based on the fair values of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest, and recognizes that cost as an expense in its statements of operations over the requisite service period. The Company estimates the fair value of option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires management to make certain assumptions for estimating the fair value of stock options at the date of grant including the fair value and projected volatility of the underlying common stock and the expected term of the award. The &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Because the Company&#x2019;s stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates, in management&#x2019;s opinion, the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s stock options. Although the fair value of stock options is determined using an option valuation model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In addition, the Company estimates the expected impact of forfeited awards and recognizes share-based compensation cost only for those awards ultimately expected to vest. If actual forfeiture rates differ materially from the Company&#x2019;s estimates, share-based compensation expense could differ significantly from the amounts the Company has recorded in the current period. The Company periodically reviews actual forfeiture experience and will revise its estimates, as necessary. The Company will recognize as compensation cost the cumulative effect of the change in estimated forfeiture rates on current and prior periods in earnings of the period of revision. As a result, if the Company revises its assumptions and estimates, the Company&#x2019;s share-based compensation expense could change materially in the future. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 10&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Employee Benefit Plan&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January&#160;1, 2017 the Company initiated a 401(k)&#160;retirement saving plan (&#x201c;401-K Plan&#x201d;) for the benefit of eligible employees. Under terms of this plan, eligible employees are able to make contributions of their wages on a tax-deferred basis. The Company has incurred $0.7&#160;million, $0.2&#160;million and $0 in matching contribution to the 401-K Plan in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Restructuring Plan&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company accounts for exit or disposal of activities in accordance with ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations. The Company defines a business restructuring as an exit or disposal activity that includes but is not limited to a program which is planned and controlled by management and materially changes either the scope of a business or the manner in which that business is conducted. Business restructuring charges may include (i) contract termination costs and (ii) other related costs associated with exit or disposal activities.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Contract termination costs include costs to terminate a contract or costs that will continue to be incurred under the contract without benefit to the Company. A liability is recognized and measured at its fair value when the Company either terminates the contract or ceases using the rights conveyed by the contract. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_118 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 3&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Related-Party Transactions&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Seth Goldman&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company entered into a consulting agreement with Seth Goldman, the Company&#x2019;s Executive Chair, on March 2, 2016, which was amended and restated on November 15, 2018 and further amended on April 8, 2019. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, the Company paid Mr. Goldman $20,210.33 per month for services rendered under the consulting agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective February 27, 2020, Seth Goldman resigned as Executive Chair of the Company.&#160; Upon such resignation, Mr. Goldman continued to&#160;serve in his capacity as a Class I director and Chair of the&#160;Board of the Company.&#160; In connection with Mr. Goldman&#x2019;s resignation as Executive Chair, the Company and Mr. Goldman terminated the consulting agreement effective as of February 27, 2020. Total consulting fees paid to Mr. Goldman under the consulting agreement prior to its termination in 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $60,631, $265,548 and $189,583, respectively. In addition, Mr. Goldman was entitled to receive a bonus for service in 2019 in the amount of $121,260, which was paid in the first quarter of 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Bernhard van Lengerich&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company first entered into an advisor agreement with Food System Strategies, LLC in October 2015. Bernhard van Lengerich. Ph.D., a member of the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors, is the Chief Executive Officer of Food System Strategies, LLC. Pursuant to this advisor agreement, the Company paid Food System Strategies, LLC $4,000 for each day Dr. van Lengerich provided services. In February 2016, the Company entered into a new advisor agreement with Food System Strategies, LLC, which superseded the original agreement and provided for a $25,000 monthly retainer and a non-qualified stock option covering 532,590 shares of common stock, which vested in equal monthly installments over three years in consideration of Dr. van Lengerich providing services as the Company&#x2019;s interim Chief Technical Officer and head of research and development, and the increased time commitment associated with these roles. In December 2016, the advisor agreement was amended to provide for a $10,000 monthly retainer to reflect the fact that Dr. van Lengerich would only be providing advisory services &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjFjNmUyZGJlMWNjNTQ1MTQ4ZDkxNmE4MjM3Njg5Yzg4L3NlYzoxYzZlMmRiZTFjYzU0NTE0OGQ5MTZhODIzNzY4OWM4OF8xMTIvZnJhZzpmM2E2ZmI0MWZlNzM0ZmIxODVmMmFmNmJiYTY3N2VkNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYzYTZmYjQxZmU3MzRmYjE4NWYyYWY2YmJhNjc3ZWQ3XzI3NDg3NzkxMDc3MDQ_6216552d-eff7-48ca-a0bd-e9cdfe797d33&gt;five&lt;/span&gt; to six days a month going forward. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective December 31, 2019, the Company and Food System Strategies, LLC agreed that the term of the advisor agreement would end. Total advisor fees paid to Food System Strategies, LLC for the services of Mr. van Lengerich in 2019 and 2018 were $120,000 (including amounts paid in 2020) and $140,000, respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Donald Thompson&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In 2018, the Company reimbursed Cleveland Avenue, LLC, a venture capital investment company, led by Don Thompson, for certain costs that were incurred by Cleveland Avenue, LLC in connection with Company presentations and the hosting of Company meetings. Cleveland Avenue, LLC received  $121,546 in reimbursements for staff time, food, food preparation and facility rental costs. The Company did not incur any such costs in 2020 or 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Michael Pucker&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Michael A. Pucker, a partner of Latham &amp;amp; Watkins LLP, is a former member of the Company&#x2019;s board of directors and the spouse of Gigi Pritzker Pucker. Ms. Pucker may be deemed to be a holder of more than 5% of the Company&#x2019;s outstanding common stock. In the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company made aggregate payments of approximately $11.1 million and $70,695 to Latham &amp;amp; Watkins LLP for legal services. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had billed and unbilled fees for legal services of $1.0 million due to Latham &amp;amp; Watkins LLP.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to record most leases on their balance sheets but recognize the expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to ASC 840. ASU 2016-02 requires that a lessee recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach, which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption, with comparative periods continuing to be reported under ASC 840. The Company also elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within ASU 2016-02, which among other things, permits the Company to not reassess under the new standard the Company&#x2019;s prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. The Company did not elect the use-of-hindsight practical expedient or the practical expedient pertaining to land easements, the latter not being applicable to the Company. As part of this adoption, the Company elected not to record operating right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. Payments on those leases will be recognized on a straight-line basis through the Company&#x2019;s consolidated &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;statements of operations over the lease term. The Company elected to separate the lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases for the co-manufacturing class of assets for the purpose of recording operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities and to combine lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases into a single lease component for all other classes of assets. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_46 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 4&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On March 12, 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, &#x201c;Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting&#x201d; (&#x201c;ASU 2020-04&#x201d;). The amendments in ASU 2020-04 provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions to ease the potential accounting and financial reporting burden associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued, including the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). ASU 2020-04 is effective for the Company as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In December 18, 2019, the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2019-12, &#x201c;Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740)&#x201d; (&#x201c;ASU 2019-12&#x201d;). ASU 2019-12 eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period (1) exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation (2) exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments and (3) exceptions in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. ASU 2019-12 also is designed to improve financial statement preparers&#x2019; application of income tax-related guidance and simplify GAAP for (1) franchise taxes that are partially based on income, (2) transactions with a government that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill, (3) separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax, and (4) enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2019-12 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted, including adoption in any interim period for public business entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. An entity that elects to early adopt the amendments in an interim period should reflect any adjustments as of the beginning of the annual period that includes that interim period. Additionally, an entity that elects early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. ASU 2019-12 is effective for the Company beginning on January&#160;1, 2021. Adoption of ASU 2019-12 is not expected to result in any material changes to the way the tax provision is prepared and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06 (&#x201c;ASU 2020-06&#x201d;), &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Debt&#x2014;Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt; (Subtopic 470-20) and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Derivatives and Hedging&#x2014;Contracts in Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;(Subtopic 815-40): &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Segment Information&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Comprehensive Loss&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The fair value measurement accounting guidance creates a fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value into three categories. A financial instrument&#x2019;s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input significant to the fair value measurement, where Level&#160;1 is the highest and Level&#160;3 is the lowest. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The three levels are defined as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Level&#160;1&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2014;Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets accessible by the reporting entity for identical assets or liabilities. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Level&#160;2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2014;Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations in which significant value drivers are observable.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Level&#160;3&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;&#x2014;Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which significant value drivers are unobservable.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s financial instruments include cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms, the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s revolving credit facility approximates fair value as well. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company had no financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019. other than the liability classified share-settled obligation to one of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers as discussed in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt; &lt;/a&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;10&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt; which represents a Level 1 financial instrument. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Prior to the IPO, the stock warrant liability was measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs upon issuance and at each reporting date. Inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the warrant liability as of the valuation date included expected term of the warrants, the risk-free interest rate, volatility, and the fair value of underlying shares. There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 for 2020, 2019 or 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The key assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for the valuation of the preferred stock warrant liability upon re-measurement were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:96.153%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:81.066%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.734%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Expected term (in&#160;years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fair value of underlying shares&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$19.02&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Volatility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.48%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Generally, increases or decreases in the fair value of the underlying convertible preferred stock or common stock would result in a directionally similar impact in the fair value measurement of the associated warrant liability.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the preferred and common stock warrant liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.557%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:80.038%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.613%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.949%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:21pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,918&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fair value of warrants issued during the period&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in fair value of warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,503&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital in connection with the IPO&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(14,421)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Ending balance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The key assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for the valuation of the preferred stock warrant liability upon re-measurement were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:96.153%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:81.066%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.734%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Expected term (in&#160;years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fair value of underlying shares&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$19.02&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Volatility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.48%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the preferred and common stock warrant liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.557%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:80.038%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.613%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.949%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:21pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,918&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fair value of warrants issued during the period&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in fair value of warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,503&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital in connection with the IPO&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(14,421)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Ending balance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:46.335%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:50.664%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Not amortized&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Buildings&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;30 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;3 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Research and development equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Software and computer equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;3 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Vehicles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:46.335%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:50.664%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Not amortized&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Buildings&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;30 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;3 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Research and development equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Software and computer equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;3 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Vehicles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;5 years&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;A summary of property, plant, and equipment as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019, is as follows:&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.679%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:68.514%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.690%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.890%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;62,521&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;37,939&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,342&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8,933&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9,277&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7,620&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Building&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance  leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Software&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;402&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;274&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;614&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;433&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vehicles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;377&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;210&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,995&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Assets not yet placed in service&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;46,148&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,666&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total property, plant and equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;148,457&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;68,183&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,158&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,709&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;115,299&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Accounting for Acquisition&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company follows the guidance in ASC 805, &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes. The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Under this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the respective carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the portion of deferred tax assets that the Company believes will not be realized on a more likely than not basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Contingencies&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is subject to a range of claims, lawsuits, and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues a liability (which amount includes litigation costs expected to be incurred) and charges operations for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated, in accordance with the recognition criteria of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) Accounting Standards Codification&#160;(&#x201c;ASC&#x201d;) 450, &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, &#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#x201d; (&#x201c;ASU 2014-09&#x201d;), which, along with subsequent ASUs, amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition (&#x201c;Topic 606&#x201d;). This guidance is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled to receive when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 was effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019. The majority of the Company&#x2019;s contracts with customers generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods. Based on the Company&#x2019;s evaluation and review of its contracts with customers, the timing and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2014-09 is consistent with the Company&#x2019;s revenue recognition policy under previous guidance. The Company has therefore concluded that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Revenue is recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control has transferred. The Company&#x2019;s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order, the direct-to-consumer order, or the contract with the customer which requires the Company to deliver the requested products at agreed upon &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;prices at the time and location of the customer&#x2019;s choice. The Company does not offer warranties or a right to return on the products it sells except in the instance of a product recall.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for fulfilling the performance obligation. Sales and other taxes the Company collects concurrent with the sale of products are excluded from revenue. The Company's normal payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. None of the Company's customer contracts as of December&#160;31, 2020 contains a significant financing component.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and consumers. These programs include rebates, temporary on shelf price reductions, buy-one-get-one free programs, off invoice discounts, retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period, the Company recognizes a liability for estimated sales discounts that have been incurred but not paid which totaled $3.6 million and $1.6&#160;million as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The offsetting charge is recorded as a reduction of revenues in the same period when the expense is incurred. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. The incremental cost to obtain contracts was not material.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective January 1, 2020, the Company began presenting net revenues by geography and distribution channel as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.541%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.242%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:71.817%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:83%&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:83%&gt;Description&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;U.S. Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from retail sales to the U.S. market&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;U.S. Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to the U.S. market&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;International Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from retail sales to international markets, including Canada&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;International Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:83%&gt;Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to international markets, including Canada&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:3pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1) Includes net revenues from direct-to-consumer sales.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table presents the Company&#x2019;s net revenues by channel:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.237%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:48.981%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.615%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.723%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.615%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.723%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.615%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.728%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;U.S.:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;264,111&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;129,383&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;49,772&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;60,763&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70,372&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,717&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;U.S. net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;324,874&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;199,755&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70,489&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;International:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Retail&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36,472&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,426&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,007&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 25.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Foodservice&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;45,439&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;82,716&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,438&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 16.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;International net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;81,911&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;98,142&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17,445&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;406,785&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;297,897&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:125%&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Earnings (loss) per share (&#x201c;EPS&#x201d;) represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, inclusive of the dilutive impact of potential common shares outstanding during the period. Such potential common shares include options, unvested restricted stock, restricted stock units (&#x201c;RSUs&#x201d;), contracts classified as assets or liabilities that are required or assumed to be share-settled under the two-class method, warrants and convertible preferred stock. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company calculates basic and diluted EPS available to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class method required for companies with participating securities. The Company considers all series of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO to be participating securities. Under the two-class method, the net loss available to common stockholders was not allocated to the convertible preferred stock as the holders of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. Computation of EPS for the years ended December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified, share-settled obligation to an executive officer to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount because the shares to be delivered are not participating securities as they do not have voting rights and are not entitled to participate in dividends until they are issued.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Share-Based Compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Restructuring Plan&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to record most leases on their balance sheets but recognize the expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to ASC 840. ASU 2016-02 requires that a lessee recognize a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach, which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption, with comparative periods continuing to be reported under ASC 840. The Company also elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within ASU 2016-02, which among other things, permits the Company to not reassess under the new standard the Company&#x2019;s prior conclusions about lease identification, lease classification and initial direct costs. The Company did not elect the use-of-hindsight practical expedient or the practical expedient pertaining to land easements, the latter not being applicable to the Company. As part of this adoption, the Company elected not to record operating right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. Payments on those leases will be recognized on a straight-line basis through the Company&#x2019;s consolidated &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;statements of operations over the lease term. The Company elected to separate the lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases for the co-manufacturing class of assets for the purpose of recording operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities and to combine lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases into a single lease component for all other classes of assets. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_46 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 4&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On March 12, 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, &#x201c;Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting&#x201d; (&#x201c;ASU 2020-04&#x201d;). The amendments in ASU 2020-04 provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions to ease the potential accounting and financial reporting burden associated with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued, including the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). ASU 2020-04 is effective for the Company as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In December 18, 2019, the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2019-12, &#x201c;Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (Topic 740)&#x201d; (&#x201c;ASU 2019-12&#x201d;). ASU 2019-12 eliminates the need for an organization to analyze whether the following apply in a given period (1) exception to the incremental approach for intra-period tax allocation (2) exceptions to accounting for basis differences when there are ownership changes in foreign investments and (3) exceptions in interim period income tax accounting for year-to-date losses that exceed anticipated losses. ASU 2019-12 also is designed to improve financial statement preparers&#x2019; application of income tax-related guidance and simplify GAAP for (1) franchise taxes that are partially based on income, (2) transactions with a government that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill, (3) separate financial statements of legal entities that are not subject to tax, and (4) enacted changes in tax laws in interim periods. For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2019-12 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted, including adoption in any interim period for public business entities for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. An entity that elects to early adopt the amendments in an interim period should reflect any adjustments as of the beginning of the annual period that includes that interim period. Additionally, an entity that elects early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. ASU 2019-12 is effective for the Company beginning on January&#160;1, 2021. Adoption of ASU 2019-12 is not expected to result in any material changes to the way the tax provision is prepared and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06 (&#x201c;ASU 2020-06&#x201d;), &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Debt&#x2014;Debt with Conversion and Other Options&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt; (Subtopic 470-20) and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Derivatives and Hedging&#x2014;Contracts in Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;(Subtopic 815-40): &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&#x2019;s Own Equity&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Restructuring&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In May 2017, management approved a plan to terminate the Company&#x2019;s exclusive supply agreement (the &#x201c;Agreement&#x201d;) with one of its co-manufacturers, due to non-performance under the Agreement and on May&#160;23, 2017, the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement. In accordance with the Company&#x2019;s policy of reviewing long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, the Company determined that as of May&#160;23, 2017, the date the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement, the assets held in possession of the co-manufacturer were no longer recoverable. In 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded $6.4 million, $4.9 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in restructuring expenses related to this dispute, which consisted primarily of legal and other expenses. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_145 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
Leases&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s operating and finance leases generally have original lease terms between &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjFjNmUyZGJlMWNjNTQ1MTQ4ZDkxNmE4MjM3Njg5Yzg4L3NlYzoxYzZlMmRiZTFjYzU0NTE0OGQ5MTZhODIzNzY4OWM4OF8xODU3L2ZyYWc6ZTQwYzkxZjE2ODc1NDZhYmFiYWY4MDA0ZjViNzI0NjEvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjplNDBjOTFmMTY4NzU0NmFiYWJhZjgwMDRmNWI3MjQ2MV80OTQ3ODAyMzMzOTQ3_056bfdb1-d134-48f0-a6d8-382c6596d117&gt;two&lt;/span&gt; and 11 years, and often include one or more options to renew. Some leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company includes options to extend the lease term if the options are reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company currently considers its renewal options to be reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company does not have residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants associated with its leases. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach, which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption, with comparative periods continuing to be reported under ASC 840.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Operating lease assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company calculates the present value of its operating leases using an estimated incremental borrowing rate, which requires judgment. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each operating lease based on prevailing market rates for collateralized debt in a similar economic environment with similar payment terms and maturity dates commensurate with the terms of the lease. Certain leases contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the Company&#x2019;s operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. These amounts primarily include payments for maintenance, utilities, taxes, and insurance on the Company&#x2019;s corporate, research and development, and manufacturing facilities and warehouse leases and are excluded from the present value of the Company&#x2019;s lease obligations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Previously designated capital leases under ASC 840 are now considered finance leases under ASC 842. The Company calculates the present value of its finance leases using the interest rate implicit in the lease agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Company recognized operating lease right-of-use assets of $11.9&#160;million adjusted for $0.3 million previously recorded as deferred rent and $0.2 million previously recorded as prepaid rent on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets. The Company also recorded $1.4&#160;million in current operating lease liabilities and $10.6&#160;million in operating lease liabilities, net of current portion.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As part of this adoption, the Company elected to not record operating lease right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2020, on January 14, 2021, the Company entered into a 12-year lease with two 5-year renewal options to house its corporate headquarters, lab and innovation space in El Segundo, California. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_160 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 14&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:35.104%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.597%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:44.673%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.597%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.329%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Statement of Operations Location&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Operating lease cost:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,570&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;621&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:1.8pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Variable lease cost &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Short-term lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Finance lease cost:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Amortization of right-of use assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;75&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest on lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest expense&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;88&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,176&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance, such as cleaning and repairs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Supplemental balance sheet information as of December&#160;31, 2020 related to leases are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.878%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:29.207%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.415%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:20.458%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands) &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease right-of-use assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,570&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance leases, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Total lease assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,782&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Current:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current portion of operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,095&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current portion of finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,793&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjFjNmUyZGJlMWNjNTQ1MTQ4ZDkxNmE4MjM3Njg5Yzg4L3NlYzoxYzZlMmRiZTFjYzU0NTE0OGQ5MTZhODIzNzY4OWM4OF8xODU3L2ZyYWc6ZTQwYzkxZjE2ODc1NDZhYmFiYWY4MDA0ZjViNzI0NjEvdGFibGU6ODdlOGIwN2JlZDk0NDY2YmI3MjYzNzE4MmZhYzkwYjAvdGFibGVyYW5nZTo4N2U4YjA3YmVkOTQ0NjZiYjcyNjM3MTgyZmFjOTBiMF8xMi0yLTEtMS0xMjk2MA_39d7db7a-b0f8-47fd-9703-5f7c3e58990a&gt;Finance lease obligations and other long-term liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following is a schedule by year of the maturities of lease liabilities with original terms in excess of one year, as of December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:9pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.916%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:66.821%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.120%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.123%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,455&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,290&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,703&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,662&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,301&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,914&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less imputed interest&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,437)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(18)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total discounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,888&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;220&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Weighted average remaining lease terms and weighted average discount rates were:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.596%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:67.372%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.621%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.499%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.621%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.187%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average discount rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;A schedule of the future minimum rental commitments under the Company&#x2019;s capital lease agreements and non-cancelable operating lease agreements with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year as of December 31, 2019, in accordance with ASC 840 were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:95.833%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:56.926%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.636%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:17.127%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.468%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.143%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating&#160;Lease&lt;br/&gt;Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;86&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,878&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,813&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,817&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,840&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,353&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13,868&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: imputed interest (4.1% to 15.9%)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(34)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;291&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: current portion of capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(72)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Leases&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s operating and finance leases generally have original lease terms between &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjFjNmUyZGJlMWNjNTQ1MTQ4ZDkxNmE4MjM3Njg5Yzg4L3NlYzoxYzZlMmRiZTFjYzU0NTE0OGQ5MTZhODIzNzY4OWM4OF8xODU3L2ZyYWc6ZTQwYzkxZjE2ODc1NDZhYmFiYWY4MDA0ZjViNzI0NjEvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjplNDBjOTFmMTY4NzU0NmFiYWJhZjgwMDRmNWI3MjQ2MV80OTQ3ODAyMzMzOTQ3_056bfdb1-d134-48f0-a6d8-382c6596d117&gt;two&lt;/span&gt; and 11 years, and often include one or more options to renew. Some leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company includes options to extend the lease term if the options are reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company currently considers its renewal options to be reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company does not have residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants associated with its leases. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-02 using the modified retrospective approach, which permits application of this new guidance at the beginning of the period of adoption, with comparative periods continuing to be reported under ASC 840.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Operating lease assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company calculates the present value of its operating leases using an estimated incremental borrowing rate, which requires judgment. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate for each operating lease based on prevailing market rates for collateralized debt in a similar economic environment with similar payment terms and maturity dates commensurate with the terms of the lease. Certain leases contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the Company&#x2019;s operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. These amounts primarily include payments for maintenance, utilities, taxes, and insurance on the Company&#x2019;s corporate, research and development, and manufacturing facilities and warehouse leases and are excluded from the present value of the Company&#x2019;s lease obligations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Previously designated capital leases under ASC 840 are now considered finance leases under ASC 842. The Company calculates the present value of its finance leases using the interest rate implicit in the lease agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Company recognized operating lease right-of-use assets of $11.9&#160;million adjusted for $0.3 million previously recorded as deferred rent and $0.2 million previously recorded as prepaid rent on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets. The Company also recorded $1.4&#160;million in current operating lease liabilities and $10.6&#160;million in operating lease liabilities, net of current portion.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As part of this adoption, the Company elected to not record operating lease right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2020, on January 14, 2021, the Company entered into a 12-year lease with two 5-year renewal options to house its corporate headquarters, lab and innovation space in El Segundo, California. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_160 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 14&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:35.104%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.597%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:44.673%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.597%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.329%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Statement of Operations Location&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Operating lease cost:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,570&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;621&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:1.8pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Variable lease cost &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Short-term lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Finance lease cost:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Amortization of right-of use assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;75&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest on lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest expense&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;88&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,176&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance, such as cleaning and repairs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Supplemental balance sheet information as of December&#160;31, 2020 related to leases are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.878%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:29.207%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.415%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:20.458%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands) &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease right-of-use assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,570&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance leases, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Total lease assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,782&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Current:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current portion of operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,095&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current portion of finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,793&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjFjNmUyZGJlMWNjNTQ1MTQ4ZDkxNmE4MjM3Njg5Yzg4L3NlYzoxYzZlMmRiZTFjYzU0NTE0OGQ5MTZhODIzNzY4OWM4OF8xODU3L2ZyYWc6ZTQwYzkxZjE2ODc1NDZhYmFiYWY4MDA0ZjViNzI0NjEvdGFibGU6ODdlOGIwN2JlZDk0NDY2YmI3MjYzNzE4MmZhYzkwYjAvdGFibGVyYW5nZTo4N2U4YjA3YmVkOTQ0NjZiYjcyNjM3MTgyZmFjOTBiMF8xMi0yLTEtMS0xMjk2MA_39d7db7a-b0f8-47fd-9703-5f7c3e58990a&gt;Finance lease obligations and other long-term liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following is a schedule by year of the maturities of lease liabilities with original terms in excess of one year, as of December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:9pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.916%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:66.821%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.120%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.123%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,455&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,290&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,703&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,662&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,301&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,914&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less imputed interest&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,437)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(18)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total discounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,888&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;220&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Weighted average remaining lease terms and weighted average discount rates were:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.596%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:67.372%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.621%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.499%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.621%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.187%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average discount rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;A schedule of the future minimum rental commitments under the Company&#x2019;s capital lease agreements and non-cancelable operating lease agreements with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year as of December 31, 2019, in accordance with ASC 840 were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:95.833%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:56.926%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.636%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:17.127%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.468%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.143%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating&#160;Lease&lt;br/&gt;Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;86&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,878&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,813&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,817&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,840&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,353&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13,868&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: imputed interest (4.1% to 15.9%)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(34)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;291&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: current portion of capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(72)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:35.104%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.597%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:44.673%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.597%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.329%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Statement of Operations Location&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Operating lease cost:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,570&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;621&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:1.8pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Variable lease cost &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Short-term lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Finance lease cost:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Amortization of right-of use assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;75&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest on lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest expense&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;88&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total lease cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,176&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance, such as cleaning and repairs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Weighted average remaining lease terms and weighted average discount rates were:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.596%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:67.372%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.621%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.499%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.621%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.187%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average discount rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Supplemental balance sheet information as of December&#160;31, 2020 related to leases are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.878%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:29.207%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.415%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:20.458%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands) &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease right-of-use assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,570&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance leases, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Total lease assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,782&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Current:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current portion of operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,095&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current portion of finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,793&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjFjNmUyZGJlMWNjNTQ1MTQ4ZDkxNmE4MjM3Njg5Yzg4L3NlYzoxYzZlMmRiZTFjYzU0NTE0OGQ5MTZhODIzNzY4OWM4OF8xODU3L2ZyYWc6ZTQwYzkxZjE2ODc1NDZhYmFiYWY4MDA0ZjViNzI0NjEvdGFibGU6ODdlOGIwN2JlZDk0NDY2YmI3MjYzNzE4MmZhYzkwYjAvdGFibGVyYW5nZTo4N2U4YjA3YmVkOTQ0NjZiYjcyNjM3MTgyZmFjOTBiMF8xMi0yLTEtMS0xMjk2MA_39d7db7a-b0f8-47fd-9703-5f7c3e58990a&gt;Finance lease obligations and other long-term liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total lease liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following is a schedule by year of the maturities of lease liabilities with original terms in excess of one year, as of December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:9pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.916%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:66.821%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.120%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.123%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,455&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,290&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,703&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,662&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,301&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,914&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less imputed interest&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,437)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(18)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total discounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,888&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following is a schedule by year of the maturities of lease liabilities with original terms in excess of one year, as of December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:9pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.916%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:66.821%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.120%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.123%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Finance Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,455&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,290&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,703&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,662&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,301&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,914&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less imputed interest&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,437)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(18)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total discounted future minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14,888&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;A schedule of the future minimum rental commitments under the Company&#x2019;s capital lease agreements and non-cancelable operating lease agreements with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year as of December 31, 2019, in accordance with ASC 840 were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:95.833%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:56.926%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.636%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:17.127%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.468%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.143%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating&#160;Lease&lt;br/&gt;Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;86&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,878&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,813&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,817&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,840&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,353&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13,868&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: imputed interest (4.1% to 15.9%)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(34)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;291&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: current portion of capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(72)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;A schedule of the future minimum rental commitments under the Company&#x2019;s capital lease agreements and non-cancelable operating lease agreements with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year as of December 31, 2019, in accordance with ASC 840 were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;padding-left:4.5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:95.833%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:56.926%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.636%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:17.127%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.468%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:21.143%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Operating&#160;Lease&lt;br/&gt;Obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;86&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,878&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;80&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,813&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,817&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,840&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,353&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13,868&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;325&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: imputed interest (4.1% to 15.9%)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(34)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;291&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: current portion of capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(72)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term capital lease obligations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Asset Acquisition&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On October 30, 2020, the Company acquired certain assets including land, building and improvements, manufacturing equipment, and assembled workforce from one of its former co-manufacturers (the &#x201c;Seller&#x201d;). The Company did not assume any liabilities of the Seller. The Company is using this manufacturing facility primarily for the production of its finished goods. Acquisition of these assets is expected to allow the Company to reduce manufacturing and packaging costs through vertical integration and provide opportunities for the Company to test new processes and scale new products more quickly.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The total purchase consideration of $15.5&#160;million was comprised of cash consideration of $14.5&#160;million, subject to adjustment for customary prorations, transfer taxes, escrow holdbacks and other adjustments, and $1.0&#160;million in acquisition-related expenses.  As part of this transaction, the Company hired approximately 180 employees who were previously employed by the Seller. The Company accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition and recorded the acquired tangible and intangible assets based on each asset&#x2019;s relative fair value at the acquisition date to the total purchase price plus capitalized acquisition costs. Fair value of building and land were determined by a real estate appraisal prepared by an independent real estate appraiser. Fair value of assembled workforce was based on estimated replacement costs that utilize available market information and discount and/or capitalization rates as appropriate.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table details the purchase price allocation of the acquired assets based on their relative fair values as of the acquisition date:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:81.432%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.242%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.926%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,273&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Building&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9,576&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,774&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Assembled workforce&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,859&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;Total&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,482&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:3pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;_____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:3pt;padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table details the purchase price allocation of the acquired assets based on their relative fair values as of the acquisition date:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:81.432%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.242%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.926%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,273&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Building&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9,576&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,774&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Assembled workforce&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:6.5pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.5pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,859&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;Total&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,482&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:3pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;_____________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:3pt;padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Inventories &lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Major classes of inventory were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:69.300%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.780%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.600%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.820%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;83,702&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36,884&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Work in process&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,887&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17,958&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finished goods&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,128&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;26,754&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;121,717&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;81,596&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Major classes of inventory were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:69.300%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.780%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.600%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.820%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Raw materials and packaging&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;83,702&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36,884&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Work in process&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,887&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17,958&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finished goods&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,128&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;26,754&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;121,717&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Property, Plant and Equipment &lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost and finance lease assets are included. A summary of property, plant, and equipment as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019, is as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.679%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:68.514%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.690%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.890%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Manufacturing equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;62,521&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;37,939&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,342&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8,933&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9,277&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7,620&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Building&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance  leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,108&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Software&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;402&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;274&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;614&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;433&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vehicles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;377&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;210&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Land&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,995&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Assets not yet placed in service&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;46,148&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,666&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total property, plant and equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;148,457&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;68,183&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,158&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,709&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;115,299&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;47,474&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense in 2020, 2019, and 2018 was $13.3&#160;million, $8.1&#160;million, and $4.9&#160;million, respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in 2020, 2019 and 2018, $10.1 million, $5.7 million and $3.7 million, respectively, were recorded in cost of goods sold, $3.1 million, $2.4 million and $1.2 million, respectively, were recorded in research and development expenses, and $0.1 million, $71,000 and $13,000, respectively, were recorded in SG&amp;amp;A expenses, in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Debt &lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On April 21, 2020, the Company entered into a $150.0&#160;million five-year secured revolving credit agreement (&#x201c;2020 Credit Agreement&#x201d;) by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto (the &#x201c;Lenders&#x201d;) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (the &#x201c;Administrative Agent&#x201d;). JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Silicon Valley Bank acted as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers under the 2020 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement includes an accordion feature for up to an additional $200.0&#160;million. Capitalized terms used below but not defined have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the 2020 Credit Agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement, on April 21, 2020, the Company terminated the SVB Credit Facilities (a revolving credit facility and a term loan facility with Silicon Valley &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Bank) and the Equipment Loan Facility (an equipment loan from Structural Capital), and incurred an aggregate of $1.2&#160;million of termination, prepayment, and related fees in connection with such terminations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Amounts available under the 2020 Credit Agreement are for working capital needs, for general corporate purposes and to refinance certain existing indebtedness, as the Company deems necessary. Borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement will bear interest, at the Company&#x2019;s option, calculated according to an Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate, as the case may be, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will range from 1.25% to 1.75% per annum, and the applicable margin for LIBO Rate loans will range from 2.25% to 2.75% per annum, in each case, based on the Company&#x2019;s total leverage ratio at the end of each quarter. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is required to pay an unused commitment fee of 0.375% per annum, which shall accrue at the applicable rate on the daily amount of the undrawn portion of the commitment of each Lender. Letters of credit issued under the 2020 Credit Agreement are subject to customary letter of credit fees. The Company&#x2019;s obligations under the 2020 Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of its assets, subject to customary exceptions set forth in the 2020 Credit Agreement. In addition, to the extent the Company forms or acquires any domestic subsidiaries, such domestic subsidiaries will be required to guarantee the Company&#x2019;s obligations under the 2020 Credit Agreement and provide a security interest over substantially all of their assets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The 2020 Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for a transaction of this type, including maintenance of (i) a maximum total leverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii)&#160;a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00, in each case, tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Company is permitted to declare and pay up to $10.0&#160;million per year in dividends on its capital stock (and, subject to meeting certain leverage requirements and minimum liquidity thresholds, additional dividends), provided, among other things, no event of default exists or would result therefrom and the Company is in compliance with certain financial covenants contained in the 2020 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement also provides for customary events of default, including (among others) nonpayment, covenant defaults, breaches of representations or warranties, bankruptcy and insolvency events and a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the required Lenders, declare the obligations under the 2020 Credit Agreement immediately due and payable and the commitments of the Lenders may be terminated. For certain events of default relating to insolvency, the commitments of the Lenders are automatically terminated and all outstanding obligations become due and payable. The revolving credit facility matures on April 21, 2025.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s debt balances are detailed below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.519%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:69.109%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.875%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.605%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Revolving credit facility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Revolving credit line (SVB)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Term loan facility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Equipment financing loan&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Debt issuance costs&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(431)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total debt outstanding&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: current portion of long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company records debt issuance costs on the revolving credit facility in prepaid and other current assets, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. Debt issuance costs on the revolving credit line and term loan, net of amortization, were recorded as a reduction of carrying value of the debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019. Debt issuance costs, net of amortization, totaled $1.1&#160;million and $0.4 million as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. Debt issuance costs are amortized as interest expense over the term of the loan for which amortization of $0.3 million, $0.2 million and $0.1 million was recorded in the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company incurred $2.1 million, $2.2&#160;million and $0.9 million, respectively, in interest expense related to its bank credit facilities. In the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded $0.2 million, $0.6 million and $0.2 million, respectively, in interest expense related to the Equipment Loan Facility. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December 31, 2020, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $25.0 million and had no excess availability under the revolving credit facility. The interest rate on outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2020 was 3.5%. The Company exceeded the maximum permitted total leverage ratio financial covenant in the 2020 Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31, 2020. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2020, on February 25, 2021, the Company paid down the outstanding borrowings and had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2020, concurrent with the Company&#x2019;s execution of the campus headquarters lease, as a security deposit, the Company delivered to the landlord a letter of credit under the revolving credit facility in the amount of $12.5 million. See&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_160 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt; Note 14&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December 31, 2019, the Company had $6.0 million and $20.0 million in borrowings on the revolving credit facility and term loan facility, respectively, with Silicon Valley Bank (collectively, the &#x201c;SVB Credit Facilities&#x201d;) and had no availability to borrow under these facilities. Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement, on April 21, 2020, the Company terminated the SVB Credit Facilities. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants in the SVB Credit Facilities at the time of termination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Equipment Loan Facility &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company had $5.0 million in borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2019 under the equipment loan facility with Structural Capital Investments II, LP, as Lender, and Ocean II, PLC, LLC, as collateral agent and administrative agent (the &#x201c;Equipment Loan Facility&#x201d;). Concurrently with the effectiveness of the 2020 Credit Agreement, on April 21, 2020, the Company terminated the Equipment Loan Facility.The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Equipment Loan Facility at the time of termination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:125%&gt;Stock Warrant Liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In connection with its financing arrangements, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of its convertible preferred stock. For one of the financing arrangements, the Company issued warrants to purchase 121,694 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $1.07 per share. For a separate financing arrangement, the Company issued warrants to purchase 39,073 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $3.68 per share. In connection with the Company&#x2019;s refinancing of its credit facilities with SVB, the Company issued to SVB and its affiliates warrants to purchase an aggregate of 60,002 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share. Upon the closing of the IPO, the warrants exercisable for convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into warrants exercisable for a total of 160,767 shares of common stock at the &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;same respective exercise price per share. Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, all outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock were cashless exercised and no warrants were outstanding as of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_112 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 2&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_112 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt; &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s debt balances are detailed below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.519%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:69.109%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.875%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.605%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Revolving credit facility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Revolving credit line (SVB)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Term loan facility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Equipment financing loan&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Debt issuance costs&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(431)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total debt outstanding&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Less: current portion of long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Stockholders&#x2019; Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Upon the closing of the IPO, all outstanding shares of the Company&#x2019;s convertible preferred stock automatically converted into 41,562,111 shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. On May 6, 2019, the Company filed a Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizing the Company to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and $500,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, with rights and preferences determined by the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors at the time of issuance of such shares.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On August 5, 2019, the Company completed its Secondary Offering of common stock, in which it sold 250,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020, the Company had 62,820,351 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of December&#160;31, 2019, the Company had 61,576,494 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Share-Based Compensation&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On April 11, 2011, the Company&#x2019;s stockholders approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (&#x201c;2011 Plan&#x201d;), and most recently amended the 2011 Plan on April 10, 2019. The 2011 Plan was amended, restated and re-named the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (&#x201c;2018 Plan&#x201d;), which became effective as of April&#160;30, 2019, the day prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. The remaining shares available for issuance under the 2011 Plan were added to the shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units (&#x201c;RSUs&#x201d;), performance units, and performance shares to the Company&#x2019;s employees, directors, and consultants. As of December 31, 2020, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 Plan was 16,626,877 shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year beginning with the 2020 fiscal year, by a number equal to the least of: (i) 2,144,521 shares; (ii) 4.0% of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the prior fiscal year;&#160;or (iii) such number of shares determined by the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors. As of January 1, 2021, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 Plan increased to 18,771,398 shares.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The 2018 Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors at any time, provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant, subject to stockholder approval of any amendment to the 2018 Plan as required by applicable law or listing requirements. Unless sooner terminated by the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors, the 2018 Plan will automatically terminate on November 14, 2028.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table summarizes the shares available for grant under the 2018 Plan:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:95.192%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:71.458%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:26.342%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Shares Available for Grant&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance - December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,297,638&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Authorized&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,144,521&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(512,945)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Shares withheld to cover taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,742&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;75,314&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance - December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,021,270&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:9pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:3pt double #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019, there were 4,218,278 and 5,170,976 shares, respectively, issuable under stock options outstanding, 275,989 and 149,004 shares, respectively, issuable under unvested RSUs outstanding, 7,127,079 and 5,864,738 shares, respectively, issued for stock option exercises, RSU settlement, and restricted stock grants. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Stock Options&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Following are the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the periods shown below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:55.470%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.844%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.3%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.3%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.8%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Average expected term (years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.1&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.8&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Risk-Free Interest Rate: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The yield on actively traded non-inflation indexed US Treasury notes with the same maturity as the expected term of the underlying options was used as the average risk-free interest rate.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Expected Term: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As the Company does not have sufficient historical experience for determining the expected term of the stock option awards granted, the Company&#x2019;s expected term is based on the simplified method, generally calculated as the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Expected Volatility: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As the Company has only been a public entity since May 2, 2019, there is not a substantive share price history to calculate volatility and, as such, the Company has elected to use an approximation based on the volatility of other comparable public companies, which compete directly with the Company, over the expected term of the options.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:36pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;padding-left:14.5pt&gt;Dividend Yield: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company has not issued regular dividends on common shares in the past nor does the Company expect to issue dividends in the future.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Forfeiture Rate: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company estimates the forfeiture rate at the time of grant based on past awards canceled, the number of awards granted, and vesting terms and adjusted, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of awards likely to vest is recognized in compensation cost in the period of the change.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The 2018 Plan generally provides that the Board of Directors may set the vesting schedule applicable to grants approved under the 2018 Plan. The Company has not granted equity awards with performance-based vesting conditions. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Option grants to new employees in 2020 generally vest 25% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter ratably vesting monthly over the remaining three-year period, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. Option grants to continuing employees in 2020 generally vest monthly over a 48-month period, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. Option grants in 2019 generally vest 25% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter ratably vesting monthly over the remaining three-year period, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. The stock option grant to one executive officer on August 1, 2019 vests monthly over a 48-month period. The stock option grant to another executive officer on October 31, 2019 begins vesting on the second anniversary of the vesting commencement date and vests monthly thereafter over a 24-month period. Options granted in the year ended December 31, 2018 and prior have a variety of different vesting schedules and have a contractual life of&#160;10 years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s stock option activity during the period from December 31, 2017 through December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.839%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:43.683%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.741%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.741%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.741%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.188%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Number&lt;br/&gt;of&lt;br/&gt;Stock&lt;br/&gt;Options&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Exercise&lt;br/&gt;Price&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Remaining&lt;br/&gt;Contractual&lt;br/&gt;Life&#160;(Years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Aggregate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Value (in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,207,029&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.88&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8,936&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,136,012&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.49&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Exercised&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,139,962)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.20&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,722&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(82,786)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,120,293&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3.13&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.3&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;81,371&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,571,925&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;39.01&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Exercised&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,429,756)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.87&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;121,591&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(91,486)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9.33&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,170,976&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14.28&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.5&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;329,879&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;268,193&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;99.74&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Exercised&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,163,374)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.75&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;132,935&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(57,517)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;37.14&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,218,278&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21.20&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;443,595&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;text-indent:-9pt;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,634,631&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9.74&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.7&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;305,890&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;text-indent:-9pt;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,869,597&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;18.26&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.5&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;417,857&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;__________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the value of common stock on the transaction date and the exercise price multiplied by the number of shares issuable under the stock option. Aggregate intrinsic value of shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the reporting period is calculated as the difference between the value of common stock on the beginning and end dates, respectively, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of shares outstanding.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During the years ended December&#160;31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded in aggregate $13.1 million, $6.3 million and $1.5 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;options. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold, research and development expenses and SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020, there was $16.4 million in&#160;unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock option awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.0 years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;RSU grants to new employees in 2020 and 2019 generally vest 25% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter ratably vesting quarterly over the remaining three years of the award, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. RSU grants in 2020 include fully vested RSUs granted to an executive officer issued in settlement of the obligation discussed in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 10 &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;under &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Share-Settled Obligation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;. RSU grants to continuing employees in 2020 and 2019 vest quarterly over 16 quarters, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. RSU grants to non-employee directors in 2020 vest monthly over 12 months, subject to continued service through the vesting date. RSU grants to consultants and brand ambassadors in 2020 have a variety of different vesting schedules.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s RSU activity from January 1, 2019 through December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:96.955%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:69.478%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.626%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.784%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.626%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.786%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Number of Units&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Grant Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at January 1, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;173,196&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;126.29&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(23,552)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;84.84&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(640)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149,004&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;132.73&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;244,752&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;109.61&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(99,970)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;127.71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(17,797)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;275,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;114.99&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During the years ended December&#160;31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded in aggregate $9.8 million, $3.7 million, and $0, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to RSUs. The share-based compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold, research and development expense and SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020, there was $14.9 million in&#160;unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested RSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.8 years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Share-Settled Obligation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Share-based compensation expense in 2020 and 2019 includes $3.0 million and $1.0 million, respectively, for a liability classified, share-settled obligation to an executive officer related to a sign-on award pursuant to the terms of the executive officer&#x2019;s offer letter with the Company. The share-based compensation expense related to this share-settled obligation is included in SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations. Financing activities in the statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes a $3.0&#160;million noncash reclassification of the share-settled obligation from other current liabilities to additional paid-in capital.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is obligated to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount on the first annual anniversary of the executive officer&#x2019;s commencement date and on each quarterly anniversary thereafter through the second annual anniversary. The liability classified award is considered unearned until the requirements for issuance of the shares are met and is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in each of the Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 in the amount of $1.0 million.  As of December 31, 2020, there was $2.5 million in unrecognized compensation expense related to this share-settled obligation which is expected to be recognized over 0.7 years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In the fourth quarter of 2020, the first annual award related to this obligation was earned, and the Company delivered to this executive officer 23,666 fully vested RSUs with a settlement date fair value of $3.0 million.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Restricted Stock to Nonemployees&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In 2020, the Company issued no restricted stock. In April 2019, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 99,433 shares of restricted stock with a fair value of $20.02 per share and a purchase price of $0.01 per share to nonemployees serving as the Company&#x2019;s brand ambassadors. The Company has the right to repurchase the unvested shares upon a voluntary or involuntary termination of a brand ambassador&#x2019;s service; however, as shares vest monthly over 24 months, they are being released from the repurchase option and all such shares will be released from the repurchase option by May 18, 2021. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In October 2018, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 135,791&#160;shares of restricted stock with a fair value of $17.03 per share and a purchase price of $0.02 per share to nonemployees serving as the Company&#x2019;s brand ambassadors. The Company had the right to repurchase the unvested shares upon a voluntary or involuntary termination of a brand ambassador&#x2019;s service; however, as shares vested monthly over 12 to 24 months, they were released from the repurchase option and all such shares were released from the repurchase option by November 1, 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s restricted stock activity:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:55.470%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.844%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Number&lt;br/&gt;of Shares of&lt;br/&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Remaining&lt;br/&gt;Contractual&lt;br/&gt;Life&#160;(Years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br/&gt;Fair Value&lt;br/&gt;Per Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;135,791&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested/Released&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(35,664)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;100,127&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;99,433&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20.02&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested/Released&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(87,239)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19.21&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(23,333)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;88,988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19.49&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested/Released&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(76,804)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19.97&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,184&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.3&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20.02&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020,&#160;12,184&#160;shares of restricted stock had been purchased by nonemployee brand ambassadors which remained subject to vesting requirements and repurchase pursuant to restricted stock purchase agreements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Company recorded in aggregate $1.4 million, $1.8&#160;million, and $0.7&#160;million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock issued to nonemployee brand ambassadors, which is included in SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020, there was $0.2&#160;million in&#160;unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over 0.3 years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Employee Stock Purchase Plan&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table summarizes the shares available for grant under the 2018 Plan:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:95.192%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:71.458%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:26.342%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Shares Available for Grant&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance - December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,297,638&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Authorized&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,144,521&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(512,945)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Shares withheld to cover taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,742&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;75,314&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance - December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Following are the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the periods shown below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:55.470%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.844%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.3%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.3%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.8%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Average expected term (years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.1&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.8&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55.0%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s stock option activity during the period from December 31, 2017 through December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.839%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:43.683%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.741%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.741%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.741%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.188%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Number&lt;br/&gt;of&lt;br/&gt;Stock&lt;br/&gt;Options&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Exercise&lt;br/&gt;Price&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Remaining&lt;br/&gt;Contractual&lt;br/&gt;Life&#160;(Years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Aggregate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Value (in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:5.85pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;position:relative;top:-3.15pt;vertical-align:baseline&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,207,029&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.88&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8,936&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,136,012&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.49&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Exercised&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,139,962)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.20&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,722&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(82,786)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,120,293&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3.13&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.3&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;81,371&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,571,925&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;39.01&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Exercised&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,429,756)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.87&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;121,591&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(91,486)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9.33&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,170,976&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14.28&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.5&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;329,879&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;268,193&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;99.74&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Exercised&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,163,374)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7.75&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;132,935&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(57,517)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;37.14&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,218,278&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21.20&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;443,595&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;text-indent:-9pt;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,634,631&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9.74&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5.7&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;305,890&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;text-indent:-9pt;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,869,597&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;18.26&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6.5&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;417,857&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;__________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s RSU activity from January 1, 2019 through December&#160;31, 2020:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:96.955%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:69.478%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.626%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.784%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.626%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.786%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Number of Units&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Grant Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at January 1, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;173,196&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;126.29&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(23,552)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;84.84&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(640)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149,004&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;132.73&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;244,752&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;109.61&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(99,970)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;127.71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(17,797)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;275,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&#x2019;s restricted stock activity:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:55.470%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.842%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.844%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Number&lt;br/&gt;of Shares of&lt;br/&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Remaining&lt;br/&gt;Contractual&lt;br/&gt;Life&#160;(Years)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&lt;br/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br/&gt;Fair Value&lt;br/&gt;Per Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;135,791&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested/Released&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(35,664)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;100,127&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.6&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;17.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;99,433&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20.02&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested/Released&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(87,239)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19.21&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(23,333)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;88,988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19.49&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Granted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Vested/Released&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(76,804)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19.97&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cancelled/Forfeited&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Unvested at December 31, 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12,184&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.3&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Commitments and Contingencies&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Leases&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On March 16, 2020, the Company amended an operating lease for its manufacturing facility in Columbia, Missouri, to extend the lease term for two years to June 30, 2022.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective May 22, 2020, the Company amended an operating lease for one of its leased manufacturing facilities to include land adjacent to the facility upon which the landlord will construct a parking lot.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Effective May 26, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement, assignment and assumption of lease and first amendment to lease pursuant to which the Company assumed an operating lease under which the Company is leasing certain real property and a building consisting of approximately 142,317&#160;square feet in Columbia, Missouri, for a term expiring on April 30, 2023 with no renewal options. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_1857 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 4&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2020, on January 14, 2021, the Company entered into 12-year lease with two renewal options, to house the Company&#x2019;s corporate headquarters, lab and innovation space in El Segundo, California. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_160 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 14&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;China Investment and Lease Agreement&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On September 22, 2020, the Company and BYND JX entered into an investment agreement with the Administrative Committee (the &#x201c;JX Committee&#x201d;) of the Jiaxing Economic &amp;amp; Technological Development Zone (the &#x201c;JXEDZ&#x201d;) pursuant to which, among other things, BYND JX has agreed to make certain investments in the JXEDZ in two phases of development, and the Company has agreed to guarantee certain repayment obligations of BYND JX under such agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;During Phase 1, the Company has agreed to invest $10.0 million in the JXEDZ through an intercompany investment in BYND JX and BYND JX has agreed to lease a facility in the JXEDZ in return for certain subsidies, rewards and other preferential rights granted by the JX Committee and its affiliates. In connection with such agreement, BYND JX entered into a factory leasing contract on September&#160;11,&#160;2020 with an affiliate of the JX Committee, pursuant to which BYND JX has agreed to lease and renovate a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of two (2) years. Renovations in the leased facility commenced at the end of 2020 with trial production expected in the first quarter of 2021 and full-scale end-to-end production expected by the end of the second quarter of 2021. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In the event that the Company and BYND JX determine, in their sole discretion, to proceed with the Phase 2 development in the JXEDZ, BYND JX has agreed in the first stage of Phase 2 to invest $30.0&#160;million to acquire the land use right to a state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ to conduct development and construction of a new production facility. Following the first stage of Phase 2, the Company and BYND JX may determine, in their sole discretion, to permit BYND JX to invest an additional $10.0&#160;million to obtain a second state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ in order to construct an additional facility thereon. Each of the land use rights acquired during Phase 2 (if any) will be valid for fifty (50) years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Purchase Commitments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 10, 2020, the Company and Roquette Fr&#xe8;res (&#x201c;Roquette&#x201d;) entered into a multi-year sales agreement pursuant to which Roquette will provide the Company with plant-based protein. The agreement expires on December 31, 2022; however it can be terminated after 18 months under certain circumstances. This agreement increases the amount of plant-based protein to be supplied by Roquette in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022 compared to the amount supplied 2019. The plant-based protein sourced under the supply agreement is secured on a purchase order basis regularly, per specified minimum monthly and semi-annual quantities, throughout the term. The Company is not required to purchase plant&#160;based protein in amounts in excess of such specified minimum quantities; however the Company has the option to increase such minimum quantities for delivery in each of 2021 and 2022. The total annual amount purchased each year by the Company must be at least the minimum amount specified in the agreement, which totals in the aggregate $154.1 million over the term of the agreement. The Company also has the right to be indemnified by Roquette in certain circumstances.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December&#160;31, 2020, the Company had committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling $141.9&#160;million, approximately $83.4&#160;million in 2021 and $58.5&#160;million in 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately $19.5 million in purchase order commitments for capital expenditures primarily to purchase machinery and equipment. Payments for these purchases will be due within twelve months. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Don Lee Farms&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On May&#160;25, 2017, Don Lee Farms, a division of Goodman Food Products, Inc., filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles asserting claims for breach of contract, misappropriation of trade secrets, unfair competition under the &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;California Business and Professions Code, money owed and due, declaratory relief and injunctive relief, each arising out of the Company&#x2019;s decision to terminate an exclusive supply agreement between the Company and Don Lee Farms. The Company denied all of these claims and filed counterclaims on July&#160;27, 2017, alleging breach of contract, unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code and conversion. In October 2018, the former co-manufacturer filed an amended complaint that added one of the Company&#x2019;s current contract manufacturers as a defendant, principally for claims arising from the current contract manufacturer&#x2019;s alleged use of the former co-manufacturer&#x2019;s alleged trade secrets, and for replacing the former co-manufacturer as one of the Company&#x2019;s current co-manufacturers.&#160;The current contract manufacturer filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#x2019; claims and a cross-complaint against Beyond Meat asserting claims of total and partial equitable indemnity, contribution, and repayment. On March 11, 2019,&#160;Don Lee Farms filed a second amended complaint to add claims of fraud and negligent misrepresentation against the Company. On May 30, 2019, the&#160;judge denied the Company&#x2019;s motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims, allowing the claims to proceed.&#160;On June 19, 2019, the Company filed an answer denying Don Lee Farms' claims. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 24, 2020, a writ judge granted Don Lee Farms a right to attach in the amount of $628,689 on the grounds that Don Lee Farms had established a &#x201c;probable validity&#x201d; of its claim that the Company owes it money for a small batch of unpaid invoices.&#160; This determination was not made by the trial judge.&#160; The trial judge has yet to determine the legitimacy or merits of Don Lee Farms&#x2019; claims.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 27, 2020, Don Lee Farms filed a third amended complaint to add three individual defendants, all of whom are current or former employees of the Company, including Mark Nelson, the Company&#x2019;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, to Don Lee Farms&#x2019; existing fraud claims alleging that those individuals were involved in the alleged fraudulent misrepresentations. On June 23, 2020, the judge denied Beyond Meat and the individual defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss the fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims, allowing the claims to proceed. On July 6, 2020, the Company and the individual defendants filed an answer denying all of Don Lee Farms&#x2019; claims, including denying all allegations of fraud and negligent misrepresentation. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On August 11, 2020, the Company filed an amended cross-complaint against Don Lee Farms, its parent Goodman Food Products, Inc. and its owners and employees, Donald, Daniel, and Brandon Goodman. Among other claims, the amended cross-complaint alleges that Don Lee Farms defrauded Beyond Meat, misappropriated its trade secrets, and infringed its trademarks.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 28, 2021, Don Lee Farms filed a motion for summary adjudication on its breach of contract and money owed claims and on Beyond Meat&#x2019;s breach of contract claims. The trial judge has yet to determine the merits of this motion, and the hearing is currently scheduled for April 16, 2021. On February 18, 2021, Don Lee Farms and Donald, Daniel and Brandon Goodman filed a motion for summary adjudication on Beyond Meat&#x2019;s fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and conversion claims. The trial judge has yet to determine the merits of these motions, and the hearing is currently scheduled for May 7, 2021.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On February 16, 2021, the Court entered an order consolidating this action with an action that Don Lee Farms filed against CLW Foods, LLC, a current Beyond Meat contract manufacturer. On February 22, 2021, CLW Foods, LLC requested a continuance of the trial date.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The previous trial date, June 14, 2021, was continued. Trial is currently set for September 27, 2021.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Don Lee Farms is seeking from Beyond Meat, the individual defendants, and the current contract manufacturer unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, declaratory and injunctive relief, including the prohibition of Beyond Meat&#x2019;s use or disclosure of the alleged trade secrets, and attorneys&#x2019; fees and costs. The Company is seeking from Don Lee Farms monetary damages, restitution of monies paid to Don Lee Farms, injunctive relief, including the prohibition of Don Lee Farms&#x2019; use or disclosure of Beyond Meat&#x2019;s trade secrets and the prohibition of Don Lee Farms&#x2019; infringing use of Beyond Meat&#x2019;s trademarks, &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;and attorneys&#x2019;&#160;fees and costs. The current contract manufacturer is seeking indemnity, contribution, or repayment from the Company of any or all damages that the current contract manufacturer may be found liable to Don Lee Farms, and attorneys&#x2019; fees&#160;and costs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company believes it was justified in terminating the supply agreement with Don Lee Farms, that the Company did not misappropriate Don Lee Farms&#x2019; alleged trade secrets, that the Company is not liable for the fraud or negligent misrepresentation alleged in the third amended complaint, that Don Lee Farms is liable for the conduct alleged in the Company&#x2019;s amended cross-complaint, and that the Company is not liable to the current contract manufacturer for any indemnity, contribution, or repayment, including for any damages or attorneys&#x2019; fees&#160;and costs. Conversely, as alleged in the Company&#x2019;s amended cross-complaint, the Company believes Don Lee Farms misappropriated the Company&#x2019;s trade secrets, defrauded the Company, and ultimately has infringed the Company&#x2019;s trademarks.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company is currently in the process of litigating this matter and intends to vigorously defend&#160;itself and its current and former employees against&#160;the claims and to prosecute the Company&#x2019;s own claims. The Company cannot assure you that Don Lee Farms or the current contract manufacturer will not prevail in all or some of their claims against the Company&#160;or the individual defendants, or that&#160;the Company will prevail in some or all of its claims against Don Lee Farms. For example, if Don Lee Farms succeeds in the lawsuit, the Company could be required to pay damages, including but not limited to contract damages reasonably calculated at what the Company would have paid Don Lee Farms to produce the Company&#x2019;s products through 2019, the end of the contract term, and Don Lee Farms could also claim some ownership in the intellectual property associated with the production of certain of the Company&#x2019;s products or in the products themselves, and thus claim a stake in the value the Company has derived and will derive from the use of that intellectual property after the Company terminated its supply agreement with Don Lee Farms. Based on the Company&#x2019;s current knowledge, the Company has determined that the amount of any material loss or range of any losses that is reasonably possible to result from this lawsuit is not estimable.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Securities Related Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 30, 2020, Larry Tran, a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat, filed a putative securities class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Beyond Meat and two of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers, the Company&#x2019;s President and CEO, Ethan Brown, and the Company&#x2019;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mark Nelson. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and is premised on allegedly false or misleading statements, and alleged non-disclosure of material facts, related to the Company&#x2019;s public disclosures regarding the Company&#x2019;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms during the proposed class period of May 2, 2019 to January 27, 2020.&#160;The Court appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel on May 18, 2020, and a First Amended Complaint (&#x201c;FAC&#x201d;) was filed on July 1, 2020. The FAC names the same defendants, proposes the same class period, and similarly asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act premised on allegedly false or misleading statements, and alleged non-disclosure of material facts, related to the Company&#x2019;s public disclosures regarding the Company&#x2019;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on behalf of all defendants on July 31, 2020. On October 8, 2020, the Court entered an opinion and order granting defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss with leave to amend. Plaintiffs did not file an amended complaint by the deadline set by the Court. As a result, on October 27, 2020, the Court entered an order dismissing the action with prejudice, except for the class allegations of absent putative class members, which were dismissed without prejudice. The dismissal is final, and the appeal period has now expired.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On March 16, 2020, Eric Weiner, a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat, filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, putatively on behalf of the Company, against two of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers, the Company&#x2019;s President and CEO, Ethan Brown, and the Company&#x2019;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mark Nelson, and each of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;the Company&#x2019;s directors, including one former director, who signed the Company&#x2019;s initial public offering registration statement.&#160; The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act, claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat, and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets, all relating to the Company&#x2019;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms, related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2, 2019 to March 16, 2020, and the securities case brought against the Company.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On March 18, 2020, Kimberly Brink and Melvyn Klein, purported shareholders of Beyond Meat, filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, putatively on behalf of the Company, against two of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers, the Company&#x2019;s President and CEO, Ethan Brown, and the Company&#x2019;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mark Nelson, and each of the Company&#x2019;s directors, including one former director, who signed the Company&#x2019;s initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act, claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat, and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets, all relating to the Company&#x2019;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms, related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2, 2019 to March 18, 2020, and the securities case brought against the Company. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On April 1, 2020, the United States District Court for the Central District of California entered an order consolidating the Weiner action and the Brink action for all purposes and designated the consolidated case In re: Beyond Meat, Inc. Derivative Litigation. On April 13, 2020, the Court entered an order appointing co-lead counsel for the consolidated derivative action. On June 23, 2020, the Court entered an order approving a Joint Stipulation Regarding Stay of Actions. Under the terms of the stay approval order, all proceedings in the consolidated derivative case are stayed until (1) the securities class action is dismissed, with prejudice, and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend all claims asserted. The Company is unable to estimate potential losses, if any, related to this lawsuit.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On May 27, 2020, Kevin Chew, a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat, filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware, putatively on behalf of the Company, against two of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers, the Company&#x2019;s President and CEO, Ethan Brown, and the Company&#x2019;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mark Nelson, and each of the Company&#x2019;s directors, including one former director, who signed the Company&#x2019;s initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act and claims of breaches of fiduciary duty, relating to the Company&#x2019;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms, related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2, 2019 to May 27, 2020. On June 16, 2020, the Court entered an order staying all proceedings in the derivative action until (1) the securities class action is dismissed, with prejudice, and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. On June 17, 2020, the Court entered an order administratively closing the derivative case based on the stay order. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend all claims asserted. The Company is unable to estimate potential losses, if any, related to this lawsuit.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On June 17, 2020, James Janolek, a purported shareholder of Beyond Meat, filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware, putatively on behalf of the Company, against two of the Company&#x2019;s executive officers, the Company&#x2019;s President and CEO, Ethan Brown, and the Company&#x2019;s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mark Nelson, and each of the Company&#x2019;s directors, including one former director, who signed the Company&#x2019;s initial public offering registration statement. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, claims of breaches of fiduciary duty as directors and/or officers of Beyond Meat, and claims of unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets, all relating to the Company&#x2019;s ongoing litigation with Don Lee Farms, related actions taken by Beyond Meat and the named individuals during the period of May 2, 2019 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;to June 17, 2020. On July 10, 2020, the Court entered an order staying all proceedings in the derivative action until (1) the securities class action is dismissed, with prejudice, and all appeals related thereto have been exhausted; or (2) any motion to dismiss the securities class action is denied in whole or in part. On July 10, 2020, the Court entered an order administratively closing the derivative case based on the stay order. On November 9, 2020, Plaintiff filed a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal without prejudice and without costs or attorney fees to either party. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Income Taxes&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The provision for income taxes was as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.679%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:51.793%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.851%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.690%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.857%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Deferred:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Provision for income tax&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Provision for income taxes in 2020, 2019 and 2018 is primarily for taxes payable to the states.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;A reconciliation of income tax expense from continuing operations to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to the net loss from continuing operations is summarized as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.397%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.134%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.614%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.395%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.451%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.395%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.614%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.397%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;U.S. income tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(11,063)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2,611)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6,276)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,962)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2,550)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,072)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Foreign rate differential&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(54)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Stock warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,626&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(21,007)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(21,236)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(615)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(10)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Return to provision and other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;73&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;668&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;529&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(98)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;363&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30,650&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;23,813&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,910&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Provision for income tax&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2020, and 2019 are shown below. A valuation allowance has been recorded to offset the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, as the realization of such assets does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:63.002%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.047%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.049%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net operating loss (NOL)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;78,464&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;50,663&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Intangibles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,495&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,252&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,295&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,704&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Inventory reserve&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,262&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,509&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,024&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;204&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total gross deferred tax assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;87,851&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;56,332&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Deferred Tax liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,773&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;904&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total gross deferred tax liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,773&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;904&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;86,078&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55,428&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December 31, 2020, and 2019, management assessed the realizability of deferred tax assets and evaluated the need for an amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis. This evaluation utilizes the framework contained in ASC 740, Income Taxes, pursuant to which management analyzed all positive and negative evidence available at the balance sheet date to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Under this guidance, a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not (a probability level of more than 50%) that they will not be realized. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;In concluding on the evaluation, management placed significant emphasis on guidance in ASC 740, which states that &#x201c;a cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome.&#x201d; Based upon available evidence, it was concluded on a more-likely-than-not basis that certain deferred tax assets were not realizable as of December 31, 2020. Accordingly, a valuation allowance of $86.1 million has been recorded to offset these deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2020 from 2019 was an increase of $30.7 million. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December 31, 2019, the Company has accumulated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $209.5 million and $143.8 million, respectively. As of December&#160;31, 2020, the Company has accumulated federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $344.2&#160;million, $92.5&#160;million and $1.3 million, respectively. Approximately $252.4&#160;million of the federal net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal, state and foreign tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031, 2032 and 2025 respectively, unless previously utilized. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383, annual use of the Company's net operating loss (NOLs) and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50% occurs within a three-year period. The Company has completed a section 382 analysis through December 31, 2019 and concluded ownership changes occurred in 2011, 2013 and 2015. However, these ownership changes are not expected to result in a material limitation on future use of the Company&#x2019;s NOLs and credit carryforwards generated prior to these ownership changes pursuant. Changes may have occurred in 2020 and may occur in the future that could limit the Company's ability to utilize tax attributes. Any adjustment to the Company's tax attributes as a result of such ownership changes will result in a corresponding decrease to the valuation allowance recorded against the Company's deferred tax assets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company&#x2019;s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:63.002%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.047%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.049%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,336&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,846&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Increases related to current year positions&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,063&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,695&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Increases/Decreases related to prior year positions&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(205)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,399&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,336&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had $4.9&#160;million and $3.1&#160;million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits from research and development tax credits, none of which, if recognized, would affect the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, interest and penalties recognized were insignificant. The Company does not expect any significant increases or decreases to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company files U.S. federal and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statute of limitations. The Company&#x2019;s tax years from 2011 (inception) are subject to examination by the United States and state authorities due to the carry forward of unutilized net operating losses and research and development credits.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The provision for income taxes was as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.679%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:51.793%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.851%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.690%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.603%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.857%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Current:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Deferred:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 10pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Provision for income tax&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
A reconciliation of income tax expense from continuing operations to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to the net loss from continuing operations is summarized as follows:&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:98.397%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.134%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.614%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.395%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.451%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.395%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.614%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.397%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;U.S. income tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(11,063)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2,611)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6,276)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,962)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2,550)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,072)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Foreign rate differential&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(54)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Stock warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,626&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(21,007)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(21,236)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(615)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(10)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Return to provision and other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in tax rates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;73&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;668&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;529&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(98)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;363&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;30,650&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;23,813&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,910&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Provision for income tax&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;72&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
A valuation allowance has been recorded to offset the net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, as the realization of such assets does not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold.&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:63.002%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.047%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.049%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net operating loss (NOL)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;78,464&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;50,663&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Intangibles&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,495&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,252&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,295&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,704&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Inventory reserve&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,262&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,509&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,024&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;204&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total gross deferred tax assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;87,851&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;56,332&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Deferred Tax liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property, plant and equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,773&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;904&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total gross deferred tax liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,773&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;904&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:15pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;86,078&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55,428&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company&#x2019;s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:63.002%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.047%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:16.049%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,336&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,846&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Increases related to current year positions&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,063&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,695&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Increases/Decreases related to prior year positions&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(205)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,399&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (&#x201c;EPS&#x201d;)&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The Company calculates basic and diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class method required for companies with participating securities. See &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;&lt;a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_112 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%;text-decoration:underline&gt;Note 2&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019 excludes the dilutive effect of 4,218,278 and 5,170,976 shares issuable under stock options, respectively, and 275,989 and 149,004 RSUs, respectively, because the Company incurred a net loss and their inclusion would have been antidilutive. Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31, 2020 and 2019 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified, share-settled obligation to an executive officer to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount because the shares to be delivered are not participating securities as they do not have voting rights and are not entitled to participate in dividends until they are issued. Computation of EPS for the year ended December&#160;31, 2018 excludes the dilutive effect of 5,120,293 shares issuable under stock options because the Company incurred a net loss and their inclusion would have been antidilutive.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.916%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:47.345%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.266%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.266%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.269%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Numerator:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(52,752)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(12,443)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(29,886)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Denominator:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&#x2014;basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;62,290,445&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42,274,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,287,172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dilutive effect of stock equivalents resulting from stock options, RSUs, common stock warrants, preferred stock warrants and convertible preferred stock (as converted)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&#x2014;diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;62,290,445&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42,274,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,287,172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net loss per share available to common stockholders&#x2014;basic and diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.85)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.29)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(4.75)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders for the periods presented because the impact of including them would have been antidilutive:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.198%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:48.011%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.247%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.930%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.055%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.607%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.058%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Options to purchase common stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,218,278&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,170,976&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Restricted stock units&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;275,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149,004&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Convertible preferred stock (as converted)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;39,953,983&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Preferred stock warrants&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;160,767&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,494,267&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,319,980&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:97.916%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:47.345%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.266%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.266%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.618%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.269%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Numerator:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(52,752)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(12,443)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(29,886)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Denominator:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&#x2014;basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;62,290,445&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42,274,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,287,172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Dilutive effect of stock equivalents resulting from stock options, RSUs, common stock warrants, preferred stock warrants and convertible preferred stock (as converted)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&#x2014;diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;62,290,445&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;42,274,777&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,287,172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net loss per share available to common stockholders&#x2014;basic and diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.85)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.29)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:3pt double #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;The following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders for the periods presented because the impact of including them would have been antidilutive:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.198%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:48.011%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.092%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.247%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.930%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.055%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.607%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:15.058%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:14pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Options to purchase common stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,218,278&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,170,976&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Restricted stock units&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;275,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;149,004&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Convertible preferred stock (as converted)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;39,953,983&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Preferred stock warrants&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;160,767&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,494,267&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,319,980&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Subsequent Events&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;El Segundo Campus Lease&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Lease (the &#x201c;Lease&#x201d;) with HC Hornet Way, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the &#x201c;Landlord&#x201d;), to house the Company&#x2019;s headquarters offices, lab and innovation space (the &#x201c;Headquarters&#x201d;) in El Segundo, California. The initial term of the Lease is twelve (12) years, with two (2) renewal options, each for a period of five (5) years.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Under the terms of the Lease, the Company will lease an aggregate of approximately 281,110 rentable square feet in a portion of a building located at 888 Douglas Street, El Segundo, California (the &#x201c;Premises&#x201d;), to be built out by Landlord and delivered to the Company in three phases (each, a &#x201c;Phase&#x201d;) over a 26-month period.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;Aggregate payments towards base rent for the Premises over the term of the lease will be approximately $159.3 million. The Company will recognize the lease assets and liabilities for each Phase when the Landlord makes the underlying asset for each Phase available to the Company. Concurrent with the Company&#x2019;s execution of the Lease, as a security deposit, the Company delivered to the Landlord a letter of credit in the amount of  $12.5 million.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt;margin-top:6pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Joint Venture with PepsiCo&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:125%&gt;On January 26, 2021 PepsiCo, Inc. and the Company announced the formation of The PLAN&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table presents selected unaudited quarterly financial data for each full quarterly period of 2020 and 2019: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:18.5pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.242%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.090%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.449%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.449%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:12pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Mar. 30,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Jun. 29,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Sep. 28,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Dec. 31,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Mar. 30,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Jun. 27,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Sep. 26,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Dec. 31,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40,206&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;67,251&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;91,961&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;98,479&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;97,074&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;113,338&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;94,436&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;101,937&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29,435&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;44,510&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;59,178&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;65,018&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;59,383&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;79,687&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;68,908&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;76,532&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross profit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10,771&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22,741&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;32,783&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,461&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;37,691&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,651&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,528&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,405&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross margin&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;26.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;35.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;38.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;24.9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,498&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,951&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,194&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,016&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8,278&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,047&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,177&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,515&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,944&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27,090&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27,315&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34,292&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,560&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;38,488&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Restructuring expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;394&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;847&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,319&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,309&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,373&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,509&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,146&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;402&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,069&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,574&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29,214&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34,388&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;35,882&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;41,817&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;43,984&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;49,937&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(Loss) income from operations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5,298)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(927)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,809&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8,166)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(18,456)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(24,532)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other (expense) income:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest expense&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(733)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(741)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(855)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(742)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(705)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(569)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(689)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(613)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Remeasurement of warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(759)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(11,744)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;141&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;898&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,385&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,205&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;710&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,454)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(85)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total other (expense) income, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,351)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(11,587)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;530&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;463&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2,023)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(774)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(543)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(Loss) income before taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6,649)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(9,420)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,099&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(464)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,814&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(10,189)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(19,230)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(25,075)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(12)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net (loss) income&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6,649)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(9,441)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,099&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(452)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,815&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(10,205)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(19,285)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(25,077)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net (loss) income per share available to common stockholders:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;Basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.95)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.24)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.07&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.01)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.16)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.31)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.40)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;Diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.95)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.24)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.06&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.01)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.16)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.31)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.40)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:13.5pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;______________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
&lt;div style=margin-bottom:9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table presents selected unaudited quarterly financial data for each full quarterly period of 2020 and 2019: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:18.5pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.242%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:24.090%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.449%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.449%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.563%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.602%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.410%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:7.610%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height:12pt&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%;text-decoration:underline&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Mar. 30,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Jun. 29,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Sep. 28,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Dec. 31,&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Mar. 30,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Jun. 27,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Sep. 26,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Dec. 31,&lt;br/&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net revenues&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40,206&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;67,251&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;91,961&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;98,479&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;97,074&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;113,338&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;94,436&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;101,937&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29,435&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;44,510&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;59,178&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;65,018&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;59,383&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;79,687&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;68,908&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;76,532&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross profit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10,771&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22,741&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;32,783&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,461&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;37,691&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,651&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,528&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25,405&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Gross margin&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;26.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;35.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;38.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;24.9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Research and development expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,498&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,212&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,951&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5,989&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,194&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6,016&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8,278&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,047&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling, general and administrative expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11,177&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15,515&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,944&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27,090&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27,315&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34,292&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33,560&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;38,488&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Restructuring expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;394&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;847&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,319&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,309&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,373&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,509&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,146&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;402&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16,069&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20,574&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;29,214&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34,388&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;35,882&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;41,817&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;43,984&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;49,937&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(Loss) income from operations&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5,298)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2,167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3,569&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(927)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,809&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8,166)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(18,456)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(24,532)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other (expense) income:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Interest expense&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(733)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(741)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(855)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(742)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(705)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(569)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(689)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(613)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Remeasurement of warrant liability&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(759)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(11,744)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;141&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;898&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,385&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,205&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;710&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,454)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(85)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Total other (expense) income, net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1,351)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(11,587)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;530&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;463&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2,023)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(774)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(543)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(Loss) income before taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6,649)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(9,420)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,099&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(464)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,814&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(10,189)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(19,230)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(25,075)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(12)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net (loss) income&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6,649)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(9,441)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4,099&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(452)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1,815&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(10,205)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(19,285)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(25,077)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net (loss) income per share available to common stockholders:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:2pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;Basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.95)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.24)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.07&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.01)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.16)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.31)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.40)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;Diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.95)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.24)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.06&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.01)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;0.03&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.16)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.31)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(0.40)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:13.5pt;padding-left:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;______________&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-indent:-18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'

 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLoansPayableLongTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePaymentofNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ReclassificationsofTemporarytoPermanentEquityShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationsOfTemporaryToPermanentEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseofWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockOwnershipPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockOwnershipPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_IncreaseDecreaseinOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_PaymentstoAcquirePropertyPlantandEquipmentHeldforsale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_PaymentsforSecurityDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ProceedsFromEquipmentLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentOfLoansToPurchaseCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfUnsecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_CashPaidAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_IssuanceofConvertiblePreferredStockWarrantsinConnectionwithDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
<a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
Restructuring<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetAcquisitionDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_112 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
<a href=#i1c6e2dbe1cc545148d916a8237689c88_139 style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockWarrantLiabilityPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
Contingencies<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_PrepaidExpensesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#0000ff;font-family:'Arial'

<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoOperatingandFinanceLeasesTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Arial'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SaleofStockDiscountsandCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=bynd_SecondaryPublicOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SaleofStockDiscountsandCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=bynd_SecondaryPublicOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DeferredOfferingCostsIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerRefundLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=bynd_GigiPritzkerPuckerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LimitedLiabilityCompanyLLCOrLimitedPartnershipLPMembersOrLimitedPartnersOwnershipInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_DemandDepositsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_CashAndCashEquivalentsConcentration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_CashAndCashEquivalentsConcentration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=bynd_SecondaryPublicOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ProductConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_CustomerOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_DistributorOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_DistributorTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=bynd_DistributorThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_ConsultingAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_BonusforServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_AdvisorAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDailyTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_AmendedAdvisorAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_LegalServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=bynd_HostingOfCompanyPresentationsAndMeetingsReimbursementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=bynd_NonqualifiedStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=bynd_SVBCreditFacilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis=us-gaap_MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_NonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_ContractTerminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_OperatingLeaseCostVariable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_FinanceLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_OperatingLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_FinanceLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_OperatingLeaseCostFixed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_OperatingLeaseCostFixed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_OperatingLeaseCostFixed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LeaseRightofUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetPresentValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetPresentValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetPresentValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetAcquisitionConsiderationTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetsAcquisitionCapitalizedAcquisitionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetAcquisitionNumberOfEmployeesHired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforce'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforceUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_AssetUnderConstructionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentCovenantAnnualDividendPaymentMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LineofCreditFacilityEarlyTerminationFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LineofCreditFacilityMaximumAdditionalBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentCovenantLeverageRatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DebtInstrumentCovenantFixedChargeCoverageRatioMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=bynd_A2018TermLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=bynd_EquipmentLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCostReclassificationToAdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedPaymentArrangementLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodPurchasePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsUnvestedPurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=bynd_A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofAdditionalSharesAuthorizedPerYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentageofOutstandingStockMaximumPerYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=bynd_A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=bynd_A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=bynd_A2018EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofAdditionalSharesAuthorizedPerYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentageofOutstandingStockMaximumPerYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAuthorizationofAdditionalSharesPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=bynd_A2018EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesAvailableForGrantNumberOfSharesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_AggregateIntrinsicValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseArea'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CounterpartyNameAxis=bynd_AdministrativeCommitteeOfJiaxingEconomicTechnologicalDevelopmentZoneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementExpectedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementOptionalAdditionalAmountToAcquireLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementOptionalAdditionalAmountToAcquireSecondLandPlot'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementLandUseRightPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CounterpartyNameAxis=bynd_AdministrativeCommitteeOfJiaxingEconomicTechnologicalDevelopmentZoneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_LitigationCaseAxis=bynd_FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_CapitalAdditionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStockWarrantLiabilityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationReturntoProvisionandOtherAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetInterestCarryforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis=us-gaap_ResearchMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_NumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_DenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseTotalArea'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseBuildingPhasePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bynd_GrossMargin'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( %&85('04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<'
O87!P+GAM

M:L


M


M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
&UL
MI5EM;]LV$/[<_0K+8H62&*)\EO:)(!CQYO7)O7BM$4V[ 
MT381B?1(*H[_



M(2

M^.5N2&YO^@\G9'PW.$.X^5ZAH%X==F



(2T8TCH



1*1*CZOX9Q6
M3R9+)3'UK0#IMF%U^C[%&!7IP

M#;%:M<@,%-?NG:/(S4NX9!)J[&-YJP+HKC\=]O_ .!6)@-9*!-]AIW7Z)$&P
M()S,P%R+R-B8M'RR56 ^<H-Q*U( K94OJD84B;L0K





M]^

?;:X5.3*HV+3D:7NT



O;
NA$QOOSEL3ZQ:95WXF;)6)=GADC-0

$%     @ 48)A4I^S=#FG!@  :1L  !@

TO

KX6YV\+(L*EZK0M1(\M75Y#V^N*:):=!:_%WP1]6[1B:4A1 /

M_%8L]?IJDD[0DJ]84^K/XO$WO@\H
OYR4:KV?_2XMPTF*&^4%M6^
2BHBGKW

L_FE%(](&FOP9B[:W+2M(9JB
M-MUXIR7\6D [/;\6M1)EL62:+]$'5K(ZY^C.N%/H#'V]NT%OW_RWJB1E_6





)

M



ZEI$.


M+*;_W]'Q\4O'(AIXJ]B=%OG#6I2 4_7S3RG!R;MV^ZB?O

MF%%+I
R;8)O*)-JRLN'H37 .

4()B52:R9Y^W[R#A864_AA]PSZI-& J.(?
MOIR:;1I'A5)F3=;.B48K#1?07\X#(YM1PTKC-3F.N:
8]5/
CBHV:\-V!TT
M8AK=\)Q7VCU?!38!F\.]=ZAF$Q3$DQIA-N'
9Y&23P-L_#9E3M=?K=36%JI
M#6^/BDOGBI#:5!UN




MP;@
QD._-M7CH5I9P25


M/1-

.ONA




M_PKA%4


M59NIWBG!DRHHSZ;$\\)ISM-B

\

4E/E6
M/57W1LM-X$K?;:


8MB]EJVL&41BWW:JEXA!U
(IP+[4I




=






44Z$R;C)GR0&!72&\Y#U^X&G&EQG41B*H40X;
M?-C)KKYM8;DNE/[YIXA@\@OLU]-5O7A
LWVY 7T/F\M$9AE79^D^N+JG:51\

F_G7ZM@!P/@!O'PCVLXHN63O3?: #^L
M74:[I):[^\$V[I0V*/60LAI+?H(SU]VW.G!'#K#^E3L_.'7*A-M7YC0;(
M?6'J#7S[M#TCNJU.1GK/[_#UHC[IZ=+4!T\?N=JDA4:96$-*#VHR0:H^RZEO
MC-Q5IQM+:8S


M
!3]*U;4ATUJFT\(K4*D IM6J=VJLFX/TQY












S
MWP8Y1S[V11P(QMA8:^PPTNF+\/_E(0=%\-UG.!(2T=8U\7H.NZ&':KUY4@


$%     @ 48)A




UMPN^107W.WR7;1
M-QM^LMGQ[7&Y8#4[.RG%
R@;O/37O&C/7&LO3TE6-.7AOB[E;S-I5Y]-15&)
M/)NQFL_ ?2U_R+-?5T#
99F]7LP!G_=7X!W/[T'/X&L '\NQ+J2QM7)I);L





.+EH9
M]N2=[CQ2;W0W5;5N@Y(%?[L1P&KW-57S-3^#0O:I$I!MP:FHI$;LK9!MUU%C






[C[U&38[!T1Z9CK4)U&LI





WHP?
RV?L[Y%'S\D$T#K[-)4J$
T;_3@V94J:



MZH.H:[%L7RXXDR+1 .3OYT+4VS?-DZ^[)^C/_@]02P
$%     @ 48)A4C4I

M][G[GNO+:*OTLRD0+;R60IIQ4%B[O@Q#DQ98




Q\%5[W*:.'MO\)WCUNS-P2E9*O7L%G?9



M

M-%#%K0&5 QUM4%N^% ASJA5J[6U4^@Q



L7#DFKB8$]2/'Q?T+#-8O@O

M?@)02P


5$]7S9AD
U69I&LFV7VF




M9Y=?OG*PB:;^B(;V(EM_R*!OAJ!O6KX+Q 1O\[YJ'H\SI.HKUKUSW(=
]R'#


)IJD781*U0&&OQ-4$D



M(KENJA?!+N\ZUH-S

4(GE0]G8UM2*=E#'U1=
M=\B;@HD.ZV!&8ZLS2E0;S&L A%9((P6!PM1ZTP(T44]Q%YD@CA4W59FEQ-!
MD!$RGX-&*YV2B0IU0B[(G Y6=+3SGJ;-X]

MG\%SWK:Y(%E7^4-5#^D0)(I]%-8 !&$:ZN
1@B%L(ZM$$[E54ZI9
1$^R_+#

MHVV?OUJ'FBG&* YQHO
D<P[F BI)T96&IY!ZY]?ZW*0<=+92/DBG4XQ2 C\&5EJ-W5K]





VY=68
MS%Y(!D#BQ$)(33V/3%8R_8LKH
-KP=:(
T(4'&*]V @S$=2& 8@\6W3-







M2&0QS)%R))';D0P\M)JTG0W@&A VTZ )
]BX(/
=1V4]B+L8\87MCWYQJ+-?

CX68\BK$



(/_

M)/J)OKNZ!F X):M$/Q4%X)(8I99T0Y6'H&X/(=F^*9DP=J+OOA=LCY]DJ7 (
MPG#$0GZ0

MSXX6NNW(CR+1%

!
H0.-H3Z:A) &9/5!9GS4E:&
MNJV
MRN9W(GW=J+I4A!-D7'
 
!!G9T!N'EGS]DJVT
3?Z%[. Q2'@;94+1D


+W5(RVH]/1G[]R+\D R 8&(Y.A KE8\]*G\:9'E95L?.[ODW
M]V@R6&B3^XU!/Z?
L@%(6?8^5OL=N??]MYJK?BNES/)[5\#YX%69'9E0


M^



R





M=::I








YL<$87,B'%N*=5T'9

#H=/VEW




&
MDU#?W5)3[N.'\Q+%?7?R0-6*J]*FN,YEK@V00%$Q(W+)54YDH
R5LVTS
1;


6+
;

)
MAA*7]&93(9(:1TZX/ 9\&JYNK/[ #UG1*YV;AMIQ



M!






LO&CQ]GIR1AL$EVZ
M9=WI

F2%=-DQ98L]@V?B;R7
M=[0'PG
XZ^WCT0[^A

#*D&(.(Y^:_VU!W1 
%(Y:CH&8PV\

TFD\G@AUPD,4T%A_XX?4'- '=$@E












F# AOXECM:Z==
M6&(.O!5#

M45

N







M^#O!DRSJ^BM^^)#_]&2*&S*E6;8X0P;_W)IK4Y8X$6SC3YGSB5L2!X9_Z^SO


NW69N]?M74=TF#3\-L




?N]


R^6UCDF5=

$&1KDTUV:Y*%



MDW?


6O 
Y1*L #\GNRZ9E=;IAV@

M3Z9]V=1JF%

L 6D8MC3GUT!&P
PZ6))6Q/0$N-6P?UF%C2&'1

M


:T/+PLLD51 L;(=#D@2UG;KJ$#P=X0$G3W(V-:

M@.TM[B-.Y[AA@S_NFGI;B^ZS;+JLM^3SII55\(!;QE+X!E8L;U/DUV90'@

22B6[D# 
[QSDB


\+9
M[_%'@N5#;(@77-8-2^F59PO



-/SBX)
O#'18SSFPQO
MRVU*!!B .!4.&*C.RWTPW



8A+&\50G7R8WDR2ORQ*! :Q3S1#JA:@

M2J/:6*B

M3
SL(;S$'3BCIR#EK=MVO!UF_#&B%'R[;%X-X3Y;L4(^)(O\A8
MW:&!\%U95^LCUGA0SSIB#2JVFG%^%G%&
!TW#N85ZPKC9XF6!SW95+48W00/
*EAXY



MTO%#9=NF8X#\%FNRH5X:F$_KKLA1XTO .&%-*!P$YGB3@=2[)_D'A-P )_HG

G\XFI@1W(M!5; UZUK\3)$5KQMVB%

EBQ%/#/QWK3[P@
MZT!\1EJ;B1P
0[!!'57P(?K._MC0FZZLY=N3KP_.67BK$8GOZSJ_$?@+/H





LX4-''PY2Z[EV]0
MS4/_B_&NGY1N0Y O-!W59P3F7E-_(VLM).&\

X$%Q[;AN8&QW)FRG/2\N*Q:#UZ;
#M2X$('1T7Z-I[5$=Z8

#..\OS5[?VD_
MZ*3LK'A:_@YDG

M.9!*PG&VM@DG&]&V*M$B5WB-D4=\4#:QR@#?H0L)'I?;3)T$@)\4Z$A[@:I$
MG]V0XKX:NXC7UKHHGM39LNO1S?+38VQ-[;OCU0D$2]W$F_/,SCB@FN@W


M4
'.#KF2ZB9VIMR1HRYP&P'=-T8L%6#$3D*SW;&_?
_[*FI+#1B'$-V[+L86









M5=






@&S#?X.9%


-#SFZ*5+TG: ^$&8H FL^2V?7'[+.\UO




M6

[O[JY!H7M- 62 ((SG%6P




+Y


OR


S*W



7'GL @^*&QZ8?






:;YO#J/1V!JS


M#(*C_W^+J;F$]-\H(3UDI84-5/4URNTDJ6A\MDCVVHSHH&[]TI/O2IOK95
MF O*_NP@
QYH&(=R*%SK
CH81HPFWG.X4!7,SX5)OYRH5%A9?%] YK8A!VJ
MJMLK&-(,#9?;(H8#D$=E!
0^0: V6  #D1F6-RS

M.'QX1YC6ZM-%?%0#QJ#P PX/;#-WV@Y95NBS'TD]+:A@DB*NQ;56(0NFQJ


OAO(JOP$LQ



7
=10'ZFT#&;NCHAC.::1V
08UN*\=YA/V3W5$7]RY4G<N@/%#ACQ6/5;YYQFY<B'


M1VR_RPE8ME!4Z60JC2.TS!?WMW_FNE+C?)P1.^%XDF EK-C.U(YG7 W.$F+/


M[25^--2S(I+S\1WQIYLEWF$L)9L=Z9;CYJDZES[SE[$2A:/O.(6($8%1

M@[[OILA4Z?*E9T&T\@9-HPQY^9L:_G'-BMY?W;S19D7#SU\3_4AFJ0X#E'.C
M3DX!56


_8?I$ &I.

:
M(KQ':QAS3*0S)G/

S



Y.K504
MR?9#U




 IWS%A0T5XZ54.*Z\(U0M_:,5#DG^CFT?00%B;IR57H;1PI06AF


Z7


%C0BI2E'W;Y9SPGH
T#[=TR2SXL!9X)@:A^B*KDN9-L8PH&?
M
/KDFW%@BXQ9^
4#A43]KAB(D9Q5P&GH9%6I'/0]5QPJ!%J%'8(RD5V8+E#X
MK(Q]WY7 BYFI=R=)Y!Y$]J*5A-B(#K-J.!D4LP%OV)J,[,4V5B8,#40*#D
MNT





Z\+/HK_(R%U 9UJYW!CNF.*3

*GM
K*VQ9#


X3 $M'L5.R
M/V1CLC8:4O\3U3P9
TE^;K#V8 @S0PUV)/K5FXTS#TXGIS_@X'4\LTPQWO8/
M1:UD9&?BV)B=38[_VEP7PT7WKH?'0QB*UR%L_E#U/.@)E/](Z9:].GHDZ1^5


GR0?J\  [A51-FA



M#KAS?\6P*U*8YJ1ILCFU%7$E\GMEL;Y/JXZ6K*D@N\J%PZ0+^-NB[' .V-Y_


 T-+*2QL6KQ2E_:




MQ_!
[AG=T_YB;FO?^-^Z6G#\.0RF^2GIHG)I1H7@;$%%HEGI$@DWR
LYPO*2

RQ
P' N@CZ;+CF
*



M##
FCA

MDCZ^Y6--MON-&+)OAM OZV$^43MPN@%

TRX@^\SF

M61WZ\C(_)PJ^[^R#U6-=[OKZQ0N^G1-G0*TDQ[BH7%4$95)Q&QPG=#5+@8QL
MG3M*YYDD'Q_%L'WHY=#1 D8P%FY)I6$7F[%






M%]E$G5=[U7 15W%DX[U_@/8K0SWIA+OTN-]A5EQ7I1;0(K(I@QKGKM0$2YPV


T%:.!H;;B_I7
G4+5+=AP[ZA<?\[
M51Q[&Y+=2/=!9V!A; #N]=6+]O6K%X6%_RSA?TU]!_^EXM*W69N]?@46[-I<
M4\$#G?JG)[,GP;=HE/_TY&KVX]7\R0L8Z1]__6H'-_YKUJPQ'[XT*Q@*5WGZ
MA,-9^J&M=S@E]EQHZRW]B:VC38,/P.^K&NA&/N V(.4MO?Z_P%02P
$%







M!\-\=KDYK
9Y=ODKUZ.OP!H$NP/E'4A[RCS:G0@4D=P$BA9#?&/-:8
4&X61
MU7!$4N(VC
$;T6.@:4B<D-)2
M$;E$$<^EI;%:R7U )GS@*Q]RKJTI3[6*V74..2)K L6.BJ**KD*##TR(?PQO
M\ZZLAFYDI0!J4BVM?




BYX;6SM6FV/VS82_BN$+SED :]MR:^[
MW5U@LTW1'M)+D&U:' Z' RW1-AM)5$C*SO;7WS

MS\P\


MM).Y4I_HX:?TMC
@@T0F$DL:./ZLQ8/(
E($
SX'G9UF21)L_ZZU_^#VCKW
MN1$/*OM-IG9UVYEU6H6O,KL![7Y483]. ,3E1GW/]OXN1$F)Y6Q*@_L7




2L

M\63599N53%8
!N?2&GJ?R82[C%


M4S&W6(QQ9F0N
M%-N*9*
M:_H-*PI%6TFR*G7^:?D$1;PF+DXO52+RVH;R5\)0^<VFIVKBJ*LU/;EN.
ML/@V  EPJN)6.+;ILLH&): +_H7^T&+28469K(Y;G2B-7'2Q1/')-4%1D/?6
M: %*6JP;'%%4Q SO$%QSY,Z=6AP _16BC8:X*:7'M$ 6I,H!VEPSJ/S#8-



M\+KD
@@]&WF%49E

/5NW67:3G

K^





M34)M/S5G%? 1=($D\ZJFWZ;UCR;=(=3'PQE
!1YH+RM_3@S


85L
MPA-*L\LI$
]37U.(9OP-!KXG!K2S.%XV$Z@.G5 /)-IB/#GXWG8G4UF7YM%

M




+Y0Z
C# RW0?.9]]S]02P
$%     @ 48)A4F!USPQD!0


/U7!GI=(-VZ=)<^+R][U^-7-5.23P*^:5^'@FR23N7-W
KRCNUE%7I HS%VKMN6=,]RJ=+95XR$NO\L 2

 A'0 !CDL5ZE-*T[U2


M=@X@^ -[(;/VR7@PVH4K3;$OYW//1DGII(86**'8 67Q
+'<;/5




50.HAWSZCB1D:J7C$*
M7 G)3BA( 8Z=GYITPO0]5&FH@ODK5%EFI^[-@97=22**E[I8T2M$'J.Y1




%EKFZ (  /@%   9

MFL VD


MY!ZY0?3PW!K+JZ3QOKO(
JX:;!6/J$
KD2VY5GDQW2[CSJ&J(Z@U69GGLZQ5
]WC4^.++ULE
[?$#_J;MS
M8F4#2ZU;M*S)@L/M*KDL+JXFX7Z\\%GC@4_.$K9$#T&XT.]2O(@ U6/C H
M^3SA-1H3B$3&MR-G
J0
P-/S*_N[6+O4LE&
UV2^Z-HWJV210(U;M3?^G@[O

M_QG;*3_%.=RK@[P?CTXKPR!1D/R/:J?M#LY@

M^-AOV7Y.A?T1&NV$!N$%E6/ \.+AOQY0=C*-+;I=W#DL&??6]X

M\\_K_4Z\54[^& :#6X'FH_DT =?OF=[PU




B


M6WY]J=4.M)
F-+?PKGIM
DXT+BEW5M-707KV^E93?K7=


;;!@/3@X$WZ9.(K[(


O#A06UAO8K
M+





M$'$2GS)?3*+981?
R(X'YV8PV%5!W$K78:\^AM*=VFC5&G 4(4R!W*GT;Y
M.7X2I7\97S]Z48*7I@_=N4NSA


M@KJ[W$
A25^LA7N-S)?-\(7DZCY8VF/8BEXOWI+G]Z(.;#3PP9;+#KW@CGHI

MM:)
]!M'


U:6V_;.!;^*T0VLT@!C6
KMZ8W($FG
9*7)F\E,52J,*I2J5%\X(*?8G)^/1
M&';/

X'K^D




H @%GJ9A+Z(F8S94L
L[U%)

Q@G&.-9Q

MB!2S/QG%K;^2HH*X^!H)I
U2+KV:B$JE

 &II*I*DK/')*N\=


MYU.


3DN79L9$?(U'1VN


 O(B
MA .3PXUUPNSJ5
24=:PY.?,10@EL1:V$[
M<G5D.BQ:F70 AF^Y9:FB4&90C*/VRRD?H;'G0/G49N@\SH?=F3L.AJ-QS[X

Q3F
M8&E;Y@IY3GGK9VJ).PLZU PU=.^Y-^84QQ8^DSA4@UF;-(+=U.'M D/.@_

MPIV^QC9419

DR5&@6]:

M=C.'L] _12W

MLZGRUDWI:]905G4ZCIZZASVX)H @Q'





MJ\;SO





F0\^HU$

M  5_I#)55;0!ZS



1UI0Y- 8Y!/-IXHB)

MUC8(XS2-T_9WAF4
K](!B3.HF8%')LFJ1M-JQZ$2K\;_0FCHG%BQ4X'B-VG[


MVO^

MW;=OJU0QCIT2#3FQ:4*+-_ZHD[1M&[0U5=WW=RB99-9ZH:4*M71][0I6\=D
MRWGPW*1,3FZHLTNW

MC*.VN_N%TW6X[S;:T30)KR5]KJ#QB3?:NWZA7=P_ :_PU02P
$%     @



M/ST[J]=;M9/UK-RK M]LRFHG&WRLKL[J?:5DRI-V^5DPGR_/=C(K3EX^YV?O





U&L?L++%EN#%^A
MX4NK+94W H_+2C0E/W3E7S+'I8J:N


M&E6W\H&
+A
MWK8X\USYK18(]=3Z)$M<A%V;BUSN#Q6I0F;K$(@(-?!(DKXS99C1'B1DFD
M2SA+P?;N?(%4UA_CB4O$#\NI(@.R^Y1C73+'I[# )R+P_CR%H%O9'F&IW@<


ME51:(LS




@+

5T@+F'-I^)OE$NX
MJ)C8939(-NGW6?WI=%


MF_P9+)]I+G\F+M]8+M^#RZ?LWIJ$*U8I*%22Y9PE16;7*LR@RZ^X.G'_&!
M0GV+9()P:CQ

\QO.#N:C2$
PEMJYDFCLFI:
MPS



$FQ#
MON?@:3B)T5&P4L7=/0 -F&0.C3@+-YPX@F=6(X9B['Q3M_.?_]&SJ?]L\5
MXQ0=6P'
H!)8I9EF^PIDYQ)@CN6 69,E&FZ=9HITQ$1[M
S430NGA4^9

MGGWB*%NR=.0@
K_4-#MBE7Z7:*T0+[4*]@-CTRRP1B
ME:XJL2



)TQWMO.XP8070@QML#.&XB'&^&FD+=?M*+NXSE


!?DV\5;AT137*['#IS7WZ9CF+



M+FFB8.7%BZ66)HE[P_T Q%;^M#PKS-3RK&;A-\BSZG4*L%0TVASF&LPE*!
M=]NS3#R?I5ZM9G%TY^XL0R@D(L[B6;SHRQ
&V/?%M#R+V%OX





GI=B7NW$ZV-+NZW#Z1QM+DL/Z8VQDT.G<0@LQX@O
M6



M_?EJMO0=#RO ^IA7\ - QR/ %X I7L7WY(.0G#G& E6@W-7J#TVZJUG2R[DA
M


$2F#2<#-.,3NQPP;\T66[ :7?%9G@A;7B?


K*';
M+=P



.S=:!Q=
:2Z6O_^7ZJ4YEU9]$6PK@EC(<WVS
ML;8WW/2UV?O

;?_[F5'P


 R??6C*Y$DJ-$3.L[3]*/N
M^.FX[-6XZ67S*
#5E?QPZD4Z
@//#^) MI[*C0
B








/T7R9P3]W?=3C7?\Z@&Z[_*
0O

M+W-H965T
S.
MUGX V2)J+O!]$

MIE&W15[6WQXLFV;US?%Q/5N:0M=';F5*7)F[JM -/E:+XWI5&9WQ0T5^/#DY


MS:7+?[%9L_SVX/Q 96:NV[SYX-;_:?QY'M-Z
Y?7_'^UEGL?3P[4K*T;5_B'


^/&VQ!-Q[/_'(O9;G)

M\GJG?^3 ZLK6L]S5;674_UQ

\KF'BE:0&5TZ

M@;:B:_C+YK;9*%MBD;PMIE:/U ^VKAUNP.).F=L&B_(VLE)CJH*7:]9.;8RN

M1N*=SG[5
.8\C-C=2ESBU85EJ=G'U




M.D;C@!
1(N&(*68@#.DL:NRA198FP ^;1Q5/2!P-@/B=S

H5N7V(2O

L/#D$/$$6]KK[ZV^1T\JR+WKH76*X&+WB%K(52&NM
M1#8UK+).//LN/

MN1.939XA@%I#:2DY43


M)=B=[!.7FIR

M$AVFPL)Z+K(L.I0I*71FBE+HV5+T/89UP5(;R*KZTLDXG*!X9TLUC$Y4@CPW
MA5=\9$+0!^.S\='7X8RCK?SRP?GIT5D:OT;1/7A\?O1XZ\J$(X0 [I1ZWY/R

H*_[U%6/Q:5X4O
M&6W4Y#$=??QTU+\,%L$]W]C:!PA_=RXK ,.O\:]Z+W$;OJNG!TA@;<Y83)C
M7@X]H=00_]3](







-1+X4[FZ/MQ%H9=F0WG!#X9$N@T;=!#OXC
J[W)Q

MTJT@26D6N5T0YP!FV!1N!!\$S0:@]BB NQ1/B1:Z^FN;(6OS=CTDO
*%  J9
M&7:2&.%^9 C9;/%=MNC/TF733!FW!(BHCK0 .OM4H

F@;BENL
BD'\8-D3$(QE%X1%11=^(E/42
MT$F-A@ QE%\+@!DLYS9&:K

;E:- T+I?DN5^#MP!P
MD/!N/@?C*S:+GRC7( 3C*L8@4\RM[Y.(
074M[1JXKTV
BND.2SC)&0-?E



M48 Q\^JUF5920MS#+)\-)+HQI!J?PM
A_K NC.XRG]%60/_G^$=)BY!:?Q('
M*7AZ.LB^)_TF
:6PH9JJRU@&*&L'CR\]=Y:B3OI-N@P?!^S%
]@CP.7;7]C&

MNK&NK9
+(Q_0Q?8Y!1Y^*4+TG_C./K


MN!K2B%X

MY+
VEV8Y('?G]+SS4L-QLVOO$R]* 8P:5@D_)U*'SG!2R$M&=2)UY!!&N^T&


M +I


M:. 55$L/_X
1]4XZG$E1X#2.RKS5%3[_!+I&


80&2)\9^IB'#R+O+_;;G

;F=8]5.K
MGTD557Q%X(XT72*@2I?OH\Q@UFI\\G#ZR$]=/-1Q%/C5[6S)NG3A*S&6C-;





M4\/M\2339UF?ULMZD=H6[6ZI&SO:)YNJ1$Z$D[GO2IZ$.!IE.[KJ-^WJ]G






H:2D&BHY4J.

&)O!0 (K!_

U+_L#

MB#Y'8ON[?5+C(X\0607Z/13-8LN9Q

Z\G?TMN$W


P1C5U3N(PY]B(D$Q


Q/@^PSJH7?617_DGW]20?1,]AN
MD'W[G?TO'F*_A[@ONSZ/A\6/[H;F3_].NP:^PT1.G_$
64@]A\N!]_)%*YB

M*^)
K\5.A5R%%&2*0C


]2+!V
_NXU27GPI\M*]'&R\




M-F(IWT@O7[VPYD%86@UN=
&J


MZ:[=5J;JY0!9Y92]5X






M5OR]ODX6LSB^(QG8XNZ'YTA7N4?Q3W

MI*6U$M:'$Y?PI-^U[R%A/-NOWDBKGE%CR=A3\&WP^GF


MQN VYJ%$1$!V2L0^=:B$+)4J.4LM136

M:YOZKB)?!QZ9@2:E\:)0]6X%8O-9KC^K?/?
PPW/Z*W?H)-L3)X-OS/CFJ+-
<XZ$I8G$\B\%W.EK4,1A'
MHW@!2;BH_'(QK4E&?ML/[^*YM.QF


UG*#ES
9U&DWC.'NA3Y[S#\**W
M
]Y\*]HC@

2TQ5194'5W)1TUS*
M::


10PXV$S3('P=I 7
?)\%@P+'!!Z83P]T
250D80Q
;
M

4\FJ3#8]&;
)ZN?(\8[OZ_U8 MTU5#!K
MJO7F.]9P4XE;













R&#LA*3?+N\1HPUZ M^NQFL
M-YTN$GT?D2X[W^0*9=?\Y9&0457Z\'FN?=I^W+P)W_3VR\.7T9^E1?5VF+57
M(
5T


M
2YX;6R]5VMOVS84_2N$-PP)H
:2++_R I(TPP:L61W*X9A'VCIRN)B2I)


MH[#'TL985:Z%84$IJO:?/ZQYV!*8[!.(UP*QM[M5Y*U\S2T_/]5JQ;3;#30W





^O






M*X[BD[;CCF(0'P)ZR!(

EQ



M2P







.X;)%B)]!B&+XI*0M

HIF 8 D0#K&7ZH'Y8VLJEHXCN!Z8'@/A




M4=JKYDPAJ;G(N
Q!J)2Y##(+B\4KE2=V: 2I 
)\\(-])\I['D!LTHNPEZ

0&3IR:KN!Z5\6P0!5AT%I\


\/)N6/C*\='$V!LJV(
M7K:2W=$V-U6[VA$'ESL/]G=;]LX\!4P%G=* YG6VD??UO!WSAX^8EKW93*H

G
M
3\JZE+PE;C6&ENZ.ZP
WZIAGXO/VS[7KTW@@Z3[P:D[9
:H9=0RQ7:V?:UT



M=#(S+GAM;+57:X_;-A;]*Q=N6M@ 8Y
4]9K.#)!)MKM9;+;9I(\/15'0%FT+
MD417HC*9?[_G4K;'V6VR6Z =#
A+BO?PW!=)7]_[_MVP=R[0A[;IAIO9/H3#


S4X3;^K=/O#$ZO;Z8'?NK0O?'U[W&*W.*%7=



M[IJ&@4#CUR/F[+PE*U[*)_1OHNVP96T']]PW/]95V-_
BAE5;FO')KSQ]W]S



MW8/KH#85CZMH/G0KV?L[=EA%1(/(#TYN]G3=FR:BV78MO85,^0D>TJ*J\
MHGG=4=C[


M%$S*2J:2(B
08:T







CZ?4O+DD]^3

M&9-J'C.SE


V

I[%4QW$RC55V7)BHHV#@L!=U
_*M


MZR/7#B
 

WZ_B33)0X[90E<L\G5$_


J/LI-KJ$GY95O5&-?!GO7IDM[56.37:%(]FT^GC1QMERJ.7+^C93?WR


M%0\S.S#

Y^XC

MWYDGQ!GU=W:@O[X5_\_EW#8U





_J1+T.]+-+_:C

UD$;W7#SPJBY*4QCI+L<

MLD9H1%J!Y

ML
 [YEUX!T9L[D?9ME!R+'%GMKBHYYDP
.\OF&.Z1KW6J



!&+%@4'%A#S\RQCX2.Q&3*U/24V Y


S&ENL$]QAA4?)47VG:C 2]D\1:30[



'85&@G 
Q6?/[S;K:([YM887\DB83;Z/N
MD5KX1HVR#8AW2-@-*:XG7G$]&=0Q*+-JO487%!3RN\KVZJDO[2-+'Q7X2*0B



^<

ML5*7;4DN4?33)'O#5


%R[ _\MAH
KDYG*.;O% @HM*L#

JKAAD
5]-__-@#
ME1-
]6:'V%#(Q:UJ!Q(W N:U4OUO=(]RV<F!J._#_9-C3EMFV
MQ2;]QZWIU#?K6J



/R $-7B.-




F@\&






M89AE7P\18Y_.1A?3


M\5(E?)^\..





M#'^ KLX+-JED!FTM:*PY*GBWRC!56 7*-/T9N$=L
5D?ATQ9A^/*TWT(#X



T[BL


SO*\_QMW;Z[W/\[W/\[W/\\#D.


PJ&;
M[9B2TR#R$

$K

MP@Z8VD71WB&&X!UEG2YIA;V



MTDVLK*46*YV-2XHZL


M-9H&DE-!- E'$D





G@*/O4;;/M*.O;0




+ ?OY8\O:#\@R556D[Y#
MZZ!0!D%GA=K9UKB<D\K1!<: \DE

G2.\

RZA.]$I

2+#^0@SC#
MXQ-$C/%B
/%7&^6\HP#!CH(;MVA4*HQ


1]D FZ6
&]* L^&



Z$8&\\!TI
M/@2!3G/-C
3QG7%3C9$E6IRG_.KMJ8

(Z0;+@\4Q*S
 PS%1QI3G+
M*'#








NIK
2CRO=
M6V5+9R&ZFT62'5$^QOD3[O:@UZ9HL0^8WK]X6N
OF)8DIRU7J8EY5G#5FK-]



MN5MG(



?Q=




MK' @@7?[L4+&P0Z!#CI[*&+5D2


M/TYQH;3E'J.R#\6.W2[GH%5E3T?QC93D]9=4&U]Y)]/GB]URP%QE.D2W2B:D



M


ZP-[@8Y0)./XQUVM/1N8/ED S.ZK;J][9EXU?
MRS-$_I1K8F%*EF 

P;



M/Z7!3D&U'4235G%V#4M'M$-P^Z!/3(!PG6VZ!NXU5IJAJ*KO5IL(2TCWVHRZ

YP;G!+P9







'GH\GL[VU!$F[[1VT HX

M$/Z4 FMPW'U= UW[HQ JR3NWQ3/%EW

M839RKMF&/\!R%Z[JYG*F5H+H\^B#)!Q-]7N7R&H*UA=B(N08=)
?\6!8/_




E^X]=!N$2@EE]7S3!2R@/?Y2%SIP()KG*R5/3&:*G
TRT
MX



/P2E^@4RA TC?0?5ZC$




:'HYW?'H2#IA3MS&6SMF 4IV+

MVT/)DSM+AL.0G'S9
D27I9*X.Q'




A%E



AJ+25
M IHFZ+E@I;6K!8B* (ZN;VZ/3GR2K:DI)WLON3?I4*X0H6_






F*W=I&@
L/B40-9Q[G
MS3R2N5A+]:Q7G!OZ5I6UOARMC&G.)Q.=K7C%]%@VO





%B8A#83I]D

MD(;0^0N/^#NTWG]?+[11*)O_G @0#0$B%R ZEF=T4]Z6W:Z8$+1RM;[GXS
!O15EL#M 
S&ZV8O42$+&@5Z(/
MT7O2I17C<]VPC%^.P(;FZH6/'.===FTNC.U'TMS8ENS(K;5UBV/.UCL:[&7


6KVEV$JLW3G/+#:J
M. HH)_G.V5Z+7:TLJCZN;QH2_#W8BOR5^O^-PE@%7I _ \&-ZTH+1^:PFDG
M*O0K9(I#:&.%9+XX@1+T]

4#T0I.]ZVJA6FMRB%H(;[9
M9T3I@WQF=5M@O^CJ]S5E
UMA_A;*(_+
5+9R/G+^@G-19W9LPI
LS)KU0=&B

M44 )[






MPZ6[IVMRE[+N
CN

MX^[#VEPNW:/*\YPP[ &^([:-=L7&V#X!\G57U!+ P04     !1@F%2V)\^

M I\XVZC&

4:$2C\/+!;EB0(!&Y\+3%[M4E4;#Y7
MZ&_


-H#@UB$N &PO@'P'P?/).9'JM



G64ZY
M5'WRV50X2#[Z &%=



M5_

MMR5FIZV7Q'Q)3/P\K1(S^L]J)GPXBIS')!JZK=^.G9;;T_3Z*2O+;-P+B+1'


MH6L9%*!D

\IGJC_N0$
M2!0


M:&5E=#(W+GAM;'U5VV[:0!#]E9'5AT2BV!@() (D2%JU4J-&2=H^5%6UV&.\

JRJF

A;&B\D_V1P
B)1)0&-Y%5#.
M8.$$%ZTKU[76CV'._$:3^!%V3:]-\KKGBO<RO4FS?#(ERTK9-W)UV(W#9
<*IF@05!D_YD'(%N9U*[L:H.<VM+$V5LQIC*/V!G1?*&5W
M&^^@^V-8_ =02P
$%     @ 48)A4FJ#+2B


M69+8O

+F6-GRA[6('
MTPCRQCI=[9*I@DJH[L_?=G,X2)BD1Q+8+H&%NCNB4.4-=WPY-[H%XZ,)S0NA
MU9!-Q0GE#^71&?(*RG/+K^H5E=-&H(6S)[Z6:,_GB2-D[T_R'<JJ0V%'4#(&
M=UJYTL)G56#Q+T!)?5UL7U=*W82\0;SQAD,;4I2?P!GV?@X W^$^?[W C
M;ZU;0SCZNU=88NQL\3#






<5

;T?
8*!TCN?K$_J]



)S$*AC 6JLJ$1*;JF$\S2BQ()

O

M


SR
M%*9DGUU*^BQ

XNE+
M
O(XA7227ZK).
-HY@^#NQ_ =02P,$%     @ 48)A4EBIL5#, @  ]@4
M !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

+'W<LZ9
V//C#9*

M


M#
U'E3PHY9IO:J6X3B@[C*HUQA,%@7M2HK)E^_?CE/XK-+\SX.
$HI1\NX


MG%[ +1HSI&[2VD6ME/8#@;Z94'+US3K'7F7+BV/_NGU_^5:

MY3L[59;FA%\6-)A1.P#=+Y6RNXT+T([ZR3]02P
$%     @ 48)A4C'@1T_D
M!@  S!

M+\Y48TM9BVN-3%-57#]<B5*MS@=XL'EQ
M(V=SZUZ,+LX6?9NA?VXN-;P-.JX%+(2M9&J1EI





 +].B7)1LDKTLOQM9B$*

M&CWV1E_S!\@QBRZUYO5
^/4?EV-C-23
GSWDDY8XH4EQX2UZ8[4%!DGUR^

MR7] L(7MXSJ@!L*E/1&)



M $+






G
 ^#B$KM^1I0 E!KUSEEZ4H1EM8
M&#(24):Y
R2
X@
BOF(+ ^:81 !?

MPE^S)B%Y0-.LM8;1'7(



M;O@EX:%@'Q?;IRZ#Q(I@-J$P/V0=_XVBD&7)H_F 1&%$]O5D-!Q_DC//1'


WR-!+U)-;=O+ENYM=U5UV=[0;

M

M:&5E=#

MLHE(I$I22=Q/OSO*5AS7]E(


HW
&XV3BI)RYPQ^E<CGSF_43)? [L4S6-:]%],;.^T[U T$?1G
M*S&7C1B^1TS$V7NMW

C# _+B



MD*3U;OO_
._MGJB\MNA UI





%@4BW6*)-A=$#ZH8!^$=P5B@:B8
M BB/;T-XP+3H/$=#6ICMM-%/FU?8\6 AVPDP 5&0 #R_%?);VS1L3572R
@T

81;X4(=;R]='*[R54

W-\ +78*// TUZ3V


S+GAM;)U6VV[C-A#]E8%:%#$@Q!(M679B


1SJM

MBGK#'B43%=9:R!H4YG/O*KRXCNUZM^ W@5M]T ;KR5K*)]OY.9M[@26$):;&


O:Z[Q1I9?1&:*N3?Q(





M-')XHW?P[KBJ1;TYU.B/J[4VBE+JSQ/X48\?.?SH'?P555K6DMXRMQDF4N!U
M!IDH6X
9U!2ATD:HH=W3+AS:DGA+ZM

MQVESF'-;)

MVI*Q]&F\HNNV+3







M[;!E;;Q][MJ_-W78W\S*&=5V:\8VO''W/]JC/1G+V[C6QY'NI[.9GM%F]
%U
M1V8@Z)I^FLW'HQ\N&
KD$09U9% 1]Z0HHGQA@KF]'MP]#7P:TIB(ID9N@&MZ
M#LK;


IL
L'QM*#G


M5-$/@_





=HX*PSU&;
GI
(@_2A

'
@G1U38

). \WTZ:5Y^Z06Q

:IG?J

;B52194P^


MR!J

15FNTAH2G.1F92VUA%\3L-.S
MZUQ+$1=5F=\NN&9)JMZA]^AVN4!OW[Q#;]  J0V37*$D1[=YHM49/(3K/S:B



?=I'8W



AX%+6EU[
-^^#W3N)5)Q-$69)8:RW+'(DV9


-^U+T.



T2^9=YFJUH+M]FBY%89XS.2J95/$*.0T8KRI.CTY/R=Y/L



'O8


\;Q:$76L


J8]9.!*
MAGFG1A*G=V-=F-2O%NA_B+F I10/5?!1!+F$XS4:GX'^?)FXR=E*_-^P
MD+M;RT7\CH6^KQ9/;L6$GFU 7DRWN@#@ !OF]?Z@*KDDM*N46:_7@*3T:/






L3-


HP
M5*7)T)PG7_
%!Y.

Z1EV; _L&H6ZR(RZ_\8U


P'6

W;7L7AE:MXJT':'[A/O





C=
IDRG8K!C=&-?A

'L*%STS+O[8:?0TK1-D

PJTZ*VC

G+

M]SY+_V:)83^Q@D@\
$1B!9'8#)%-\S)IGB[^+4+P



M%19TY:+JYJ8#.$!A*1XX9\4*7+$Y9^UY;



*AHD5AL4F+L?KSA;2 ^53S^_@ZIE%


M[C1T
 AQT&690EUB1MWS--F(UT6*PE(R


MO#@0$O5( 7F@'OQX=&PC;H%7/:Z#9Z$

$%     @ 48)A4MQ]9&;L



%8


M36E



M(



MKIFK5/0+*M+7Q5 $L5)8(QDPT5(*OATX[$PR;Q\(AU&34L1IWRVZFI3;VO



M*\/A^_VM



U#87


K?EXR!))

?



90=DI)K@9



:([):(G:(\IU8*VD$#JHZ(-

D0@1ARSHGKXG$[0*Q3^05
OU]2KU#0UQ?ZBUK^K R1+








+NEE?;C!S@UF;22;$K[$@.^^^[N W_AQFNI?N@*P*'
MF@L]22ICFO=IJO

M!



O520H$)D


37@XU2



^(!]U1B@NF_


(


6F:

 UU8R:NG!ICK0((J4C3 (7$:M8'AVZ8*<7+^FQ/P /Y
6$)7FT87U





M9$/K[QR^

B-9:#X6L$4.+=$F
;OEM/K0EK@
M]GK#_L5I1RTSJF$J^0]6F'+L77FD@#FMN7F2ZZ_0ZNE;OEQR[9YDW?@FUQ[)

!20M(7&4:*:X.&34T
M'2FY)LIZ(YM=N&(Z-

M

-LN

 X_2&AZ


M)-N




M-(O5GQ8YO5).+Y?CM\CYFC*34-!%9'(
2;/&S\3F+(
&58KIIHR:'T@'.:FQ


M 0& 
QB#TFAM/+9IGU\47
\+GS8)E:




MI5=KC]HX%/TK5M1*

M$KH$



K=G] 
R G
9*G=+]G5WXZN Y)MM)%5

M/0T-4EN 


E5V35WBQ01U



)[_C3(ZWV5$:]3L.[<R.^LWN$3261%80;(RP

;.V5_8M/





MDG0#I'U)
##?
3


M7




BBV1YFU$



M2M






M3(*G+
W+J\E.ROUE$)2K'
4AM
@
MHSR?+.;UM;MB


]W;)[
<E%#@JVN9K\#2^7)-8&]1/_<G8H.\= I_(@Q ]]\GE]





M:466%HI#[-::MEK3(2WBTII:6G Z16ZMN-6*A[0BEU9L:^$0NK625BOIU?JV
M8XK%&\D*EV)BC]H



M+D$;3+%/S' )O@Y
T93Y!L9 R;X.C)!&TW8EYDA$WP=FJ#-)I^6(1-\YJ@
MS2:?HB$3_/-H@C:;$/8



H- @H9T.([
8IF7I2
8!@X!RT7);$#Y
M:(@
H- @H%PT7(;4+&GP4 &4&@04X:+I$-*!\-D0$4&@24BX9+9 /*1T-D

MG[\RBAO

+%OMX2?A!2BJP^W#&Z9H5^
M0-W?"&?3_0N<_M?A<4O4$L#!!0    ( %&85*YS-[1I (  $@'   9




G/?D6SRQ'!P091$H3*+YV
ML(0LTR 

94

!@3C1C ^

M4N)AG$?/%9/


M]3#E]G3*M)=BXYZT&^.V&^


NEDAD

M3!NNL







ME5&C
G*PO5=@YPJ7L3+/1V3.J3 $DR


26FV'7O;-3\KLQ]02P
$%     @ 48)A

MRBRXTW&-E_ (ZKF^%WKF]BP%J8!)PAD2L)@X5_YEEAI[:_+0.WQLA$
N?\

MJIPXJ8

6
MP(\/ ((.$.PH@. L .$7P5$'2RF6E#L7G(L

M

8/\'(7^-Q1X


T37;4#5@E%Z-T

O(=YS&XRTO!UQ U9Q
CJ0NJ07EQP5]\05ID.:

?=;@11\+W@#1O2F.Y=)M]+/6]'XKY5
M'.T:9?M&VT1M%.Y6M:Q +&W7D2CG*Z;:
M2O]HWMRM;SG?69;GAM?_J@:;OE




M]R;@)@%7$ZV55=.Z(XK

M9WU?WH&/'SZ!#X#EX-N:%U+'RIFCM.)R7=NU-W4ZM(NCL:7P(
+P!RD3N0

AAN!\/58-[(8-^X(FG7


HK#9VXR(J4*)IH5FANQHS4
M--*J2
:%8O]5%X:$^3UA&
-I.*PK:'4%)]9U&_1T(3=PHV%=8:LKM.I:V);M
?==9\S0!+-/2M[24*6U^&'KX SV&RA.Q6/M;_/Q0@%0=?]?E3@EVW3
MH/L&GM!.SYNI8F&D
UP9+B&W-
;C@SJ$#R%X4W5P_T^];OL'P@;L1OMM9AV
M6MI:K



M=#4P+GAM;+U736_;.!#]*X2PAQ9((I%2_%'8!A*[Q1;8=HT$;0_%'AAI;!&5
S+RAGSF3O9!?5 Z@T7U9<#4-<JTWK\)0
MI3F45%V(#7#S9B5D2;59RG6H-A)HYIS*(B11- A+RG@PF[B]I9Q-Q%87C
-2
M(K4M2RJ_74
A]M


#$PZD=B/'9(3#G'M$#_5(:D=$L=
RHEM:U!+Q:@*2O42[/[X7:!7OSQ<A)JDX(%M
ZW'45
MCIP(APEZ)[C.%7K-



M3('MZ%U_;H-.Y


MP^

11*YV1-W;%'Q?\/*TYI-_C$!_H
GY^%C%IPY&?Y;%&
XJRXX


M5@8RNA@:%9#5P%



M970U



M[*WX/&11PN







P@;);,#C-5 U
MNB]4O]4G)IWH$*=1XD46\5:B?[^H 307+(P^0<P[^S-.ZEYM];[1QYN0T2C
M:$L#Y/

MC98

K2REU2

M??VT#1=



Q


:14T[?
M&QW'T!5#



'?2[
L@]
RFR$\V7\)[K;+A+V8ZOCO=J5


 QV8@5^B;:+6YJ7J
M-KA


N5=WXUQXB&H5Z;37G+*LIM



MJGHP55_F:

H00%;*1VKKQ_5$]G#?-D'
M&6_2)[T6L91QF+Y=
^HSH074[ZLXEL\?]

M2.E47B!VSCT^]_CZ8KHKJ9[TG%*#7F(N=
^;&[.X\'T=S6E

MQ
!0S7R]4)1
7%#
_3 (FGY
7<,H&.YS6IEZUI _//&_8KESPD
M,R::#B3_Q29FWO/:'IK0*4FXN9.K'W2=4,/R19)K]XE6*;8)XC11L;K8% 0
M

MF+#;.#(*WC*(
_TA'1MTAD90'I.$4R2G8 )
C0DG(J(:'0^I(8SK$T ]C(;H
K\N!::*







M-V;)V'[](OVR

M^NT]UK0T//(6V[Q(UPVSU& =)?5?_M1
1(L!X!$&V#! 5P;4

@38
U)6!-0RLSX!&&
*&(72U ?@OGO.=67;.KH.NCI(J
MQ

MZ5JNU)Q7L?ZC]PO/
EX&O/?N7!0\BO
?Y*=?;\Z]=__ZX7A:R-%+&=-%
]+'






DC^;EDFXLR%TMR%_O9<NP\&L

MB3HN6H+A\!C3UOB-FD


D5[)-=O;^]B_4F3I^%

H5T)PK1EWY

NJ.N=H_L0)D?!M$JS0&YLK
M;SM46@1HR\_&@7MP=LUHM2_


M\4!#-Q8/*J
%;VP/G%L$C.P&NNJH!!5\_^YX


=


M$G
2?'-+NY&O;\TV-H)!EQ?Z$Q_V;1R2 3KQT8B)*M






M4LO- 5\N\7G
$Y
TE;[H@32@J

MF*0*1*D91.=USZ%


&L* $4P1&YE9!=;4C+6[Q2EA\69[FXL_M^5$7SS(WZ8)
M4?!+#Z23Q11D

IH;67WY8Q7/Z/!%S VE
M
87JS/($SWYG:&SX@(SV00T[75=O!?W
#/V5QRYNYO-V?]]VVLD4++
#Z4LQ

Z8F:/9
=TSP+@[/8-#WF)VP:X!:&9&Z.^2ZI@&D!$!:.SAEM;3+68\

M+GAM;)U537/:
!#]*QJ?DIDDM@7F(P/
0-*O0SI
=M<3T9J:P67



/U/OM[KQVU



8CKL)J?1

M)1D
@TW\8V.$1O22B

#V[4 G3FWPV#;=A*
M6UVNC;5YFJ;5C?S'O7K7[IC&K\H0 6L





B

V



(C4I@YBMQ$HGC
MZO/(U;@8(^FNJ\S


LU2%:2*JA:5?;A?Q.Z'UJRGT[
M%ES!HO]APTOLS'ZOMM]KU9GN0.(=1^EP.L($XXYR




U!]DU=02P
$



MN47WI)1W-I056

:^NW;'%G!Y$GI7DC@%^
M* K

;KRD64%*GM$2
+*Y
MGMW =VL4*8
*\24C3[QS#!25!TJ_J9/WZ?7

M_VJGLR:F



O<JS-^+Y

M'




Y
JO8#SL%?V8;\
M^@L
G-\N_B5R?Y-W;$5#=L&IK@N [.FN!))W@N@U\!VE9.6Q)SJ  \J[Q!


Y?CQ@-<3IKC2X#0%7.M@XP5LM0HR
*@DT44E,2EPSW!.S#X:*+K+0
MV'1N-UIDWO+:+IXU7?Q1=?'7;*MUC).5Z_A1[(QDU^Z9R+QQ3<WN_ Y9!SII
M0C

M:&5E='
]@M$A25^R+2$4?(_

Q^V6=I!&F[#;=Z-DN)=CG1E&H(\.P]0@'\6 \

PB
4S-SR]/K)_YL&S8)YQ1J9)^WPZ?9NX Z

 5ON
)E%IS!1$05S\Q]_+1)P8
!ZY


MS9J)-
E
M#?:M;9)=HZ?RH3C)H:5Y[1U$AI
LAGF)Z[
8ZG((U?7P@JX UO4+.O]E^P'K




M







$%     @ 48)A4CN^W$DB

B(
M*GB5
+,JE(!'+$ZYB)%DT_/.)_SQQG&T03[B
M#\Z6Z=HSTDMY$N*[?KD.SCNV9L1-E$:@L+'@HU8&&HDX/%<@G:J.;7A^O
*

$TW92(1_\D#-SSM^!P5L2K-0/8CE%2L7Y&F\B0C3_#]:%F.[
'B2




M$KD4I


?=:)0O7VHG-\F?2B+;^X:+$7H\RLF=3:Q'%9A6]
MU0)ZBGC

^
M2ICDHMF79G3/;DTB4BLC







M^0W= 9%OUI1E6

L
MP^SW':1T/W)\YUCQ-=ELA:IPQ\
=WL 2Q+?=$Y
EMXH2)QD0GE&*Q'SD?_


MLW**!1X/&=TCIO0RGGK0J:UYF8P)4:MP*9A\FTA.C&=D13- S_@ ''U 2[G*




M.[QN^U)2MWVI:+#=KVSWK0DVA35(R[$MPZ(J5O2O&19=^*YGV%7%PJ8X\SNH



&IJACX9



/N\(3'=70W@

M9

@*9[%XI;L'4@D:Y_9\&O/B%^PJK#D ?L8%

M/)TPN@
LQTM[^4


LD%DQGQOXXN1G47HZ*+44L7;\/%\'C+P *L


M8RD0%&P8W4;%@2171D5(F+94




62YL1*
)LSW8


$%     @

MSP^^TVVA[0-_
=N1+2Q!_]C=2W/GMUER6@)75' D83/WWN/K&QQ;017QD\)1



M#&9%%-P(]HOFNIA[F8=RV) ]T]_%\1

MI+S^)X^-$1T!G@P(PD80OE80-8*H&FA-5@WKEFBRF$EQ1-)&FVSVHO*F4IO1


MQA9448U-8J+6]$
G5IM#^6M^CBS25Z@RA'#X78*Q.M9KXVF/9C_KI!^E C
MA0-(M[^0A%^B\(@#!SRFU?+\?2EW#?FM Z%K4-AE2\:S-?88#Q[RL;KD?2
M1FW:J$H[&4C[U6Q1LQDET91O$1/*F/GUV^=+EU]UIK3*9/?E89%FDV0R\P]=




K1^$XV#JILM:NFR4

9K@*C4I

  -\


!5(3B1L)D[;^F;%4T

OU24RGZ20V



:
.$9\)\

];)Q

HY9A-
H0
MIQ)%3(&9M_W3V#8.XQ
<<LC'N5QQR6D8LN+_R C&KNS!@Z;0@_.
M?MQC$ 5)\EVY^D9!$
2/C59QKZ9T&L;#J4S:5:CJ=R  B;3G.KB\*X1\6O
M4;^U32NU0Z=&9FO:AID^YP@G;9CDUS4FZ=4\3$XFHVE

\
MWT$&DI4C&=
3I:;/65KJ=X'\4=)_U6!^!/B6E$(IDIX$&Q9]OU^[
/1[)1ZP
M\[TD.EOE3C9I\-.$7Q
N-*XUZR^X:1 M-S7A;2
IA+T.
MO=5

0KZ @  W0<  !D   !X;]W


M-
.@L'9^%H8F*[!DYEC-4=+)5.F26=KJ66CF&EGN@TH1QE&4AB7C
A@-O.U6
MCP:JLH)+O-5@JK)D^F6

2

#COG%WTG;]W^
YQ85;6X)@\*O7D-M?Y




N.#

M92:JG

5M$Y(S$T81.TE98&?DZ4$$#J7C=_]H!N=M
M[GK(W2V0OVIES X=
 NV0-K/N/3(B)0SO#3'RF@OJWO;W/MY7F4)$DZ)]7

MIRN0XBA-UG!O.G72T]['N-

9.X;JSM+:VUG
MU+EOS6OV
U$'_T%4$L#!!0    ( %&85)&HQ+I& 
  
D)   9

U66V_:

MDK2 !*73*K4=*MKV



M6&H*HAY+N($LTTQ*Q]^&U&KGU
#M]IK]JS&OS
R(@!N6_:*)3/M6:*$$YJ3*

M\*C^6O=
#0!CJ8IX8&2T(S






W1P)^^W2;.;;C


*[XV/]#W%
MG)T;FOJ2\T#X@JK]G



+V[9GI21F@\G8

MZ0%9U3];IY%O!E
ME2I1G%(F8\Z0H




M




M




&_F


CV_;&UK9ZJ!I@3XF!T

0TZ;CGL^IU<QW<,X
MM%VW%@=/QT 78]_UZS$Z:U(,?,?'S=[T2_/]3O.G^CJ&LA?1Y1+J8'U7FT.%
MZ(\LWI*$,B6AMI90PX(+T%+PM #PC:Z:X1I^F;_;_5$HAT1@C!]1\-#8$F%

$9.%W%^E#7@2=$[L=I=/J1O_TC[]@U1W^(F'4A#GP;E+X-_M_0

M&MV3KRFLIAW[K)[

MG7IERO5:_[5S_N T]#_NS9_AOXGGS^*H?!8Q4RBAYA*AO6-D B?VCF'XIO

RL&_QIB0
-
!9_4MB+7AOI


B-051?SM80)YK)N7'OPVIU:ZI@?WVD?U7$[P*YH$(


MDFG0*GQ::MW7DJM9JG!R_D-MK6]

;:FB

MUQEP:/%J.(X'X


MA^

3P*8M %
1@/XK=+)$OH0535/
G4YZ1VO3Y/0IVDD



  *@+

!#]*U9 :$AH
MB9




F -T+=SO0.]4\#D=P=_U/!'EK_7P?^Q9',0B]0703$;14D^H4<6IY6
MK+%E-89S
]'9WK0$TFLZ3D#N:P_KTP-MG=Z!!M@ CI$*3?Q-%W
KTI52G



MF98T2VF^1


MOPIAG 52H+5Y$RD%28 FMF


.*^


MV_G



M;U9WZG[;*=[0*4&^I$FQS






MKP-QF(L3T;V]Z%ZKZ ]I7I2'R6N:SG.2IS&VD=]O?:BCIK7R! ?*NY3R PHD

=\




MA&)
@R4Q0:CR#(0!X6)::@Z/!VSCL_ DXA@]%!DH.=VA+;S(I-9B.C5?W:







(H.$E]C')4'F4AO?=(4I)#N,*H7QX
MUH]P7_#VB5)P+!*.YI!:,*P02%=]DIAC%V=*T_5?Y0:V+MQ:9O9F7LG!9
MW3/2!7D/LRRT+^
H?(GBJ/B%QH);_Z P$

N8*[P00;H1
13P@E

XY0)J[V+.
M'N\B4@DH/.('YO0CK$^

M[86E*H%\
8LT








M?K](TV+WIFQ@_X3SW?\!4$L#!!0    ( %&85*'KLW+;P(  0.   -

!3^*Y8S3:TT%4C:I%E#I*U2I4G;5*EYV%OE
M@ %+OC!CLJ2_?C9V@*0AB_JP$A[PN?A\Y[-]@
.L4!N*GS*
%5@SRHL09DKE
MGSVOB#+

MN0KAI#8!.WR+0QB


MT2QV&_;Z3;@@)RNAOI9Z.;S2387C1XD3LJ[T=5(3Z$(/NM%1GM/-%TI2SK!=
M_
G*O7RC[C@R1'D_YS=)U WTF.SX'D61SW;?])
MCJ;]Y^@ZOYZ3G+S;F_TH2<]U0JUV:Z?9JJW -+4A_&F:9-HD!<N24$6XTS(2
MQYB_ZKDTO$)+_<NV@Z_GQSA!)56+VAG1OZ!8U*R:3WKT6R$F]7(W\WR@G&5

O+G)E
M;'.=DKENPS 

]9!:G<Z17B%S7G:4]VR]/06^ KSI


-47E


M;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%FM]3VS@0@/\539[HS'%)_ O*$&8H].Z886BN8?K*
M*+9--A2*LFA]*_OVF[:=0A[][+)$UAVY
]K6]]JY?-GZY[FUCZ);U5I_&2P


M$'YIG_^Q3G^W)LARECM;EI/!N-OQ1;F@\U?-LP;R7LY]VQ+D_+
$D
D@&T&'

/=%TL)YCQMM0%G+T0'V0I3:Y$&U/ ,
#H8H#B:2@09


;
YKCT
M7C4W[FL-I]YZP
:4+
;




$3&;

H?$;
_NO1$'-TW+XE_A[$HE43

DS
;YQ=@HVYI-4;=LFH$6
M8U+&29B-\PMS!IT5-=@0('V]6I5JJZB4D(LBS
;9B;FHX0%5 GK#F)1Z$F;U


O



M6U!O(=!;4&\AT%M0;R'06U!O(=!;46\ET%M1;R706U%O)=!;1YLE!'HKZJT$



M(- [4.\@T#M0[R#0.U#O(- [4.\@T#M&/YL0Z!VH=Q#H':AW$.@=J'?\I-YU
<TVU%??H+4$L#!!0    ( %&
M85+62,N]P$  LH   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:RT[#
! %



.T^^0'YX]E]@7FG;?!














M4$L! A0#%     @ 48)A4G&=^Y^   32\  !@              (!+$



O

M:&5E='





3



M+W-H965T


4



M4$L! A0#%     @ 48)A4CA.L.\%P  _AT  !D              (!D\4


YX;6Q02P$% 








M965T


4





BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1@F%2@W%?3C@$














  !
.   9




M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %&85*YS-[1I (  $@'   9               @1=O
G, @  N @  !D              (!\G$! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M970T-RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1@F%22L#PI]8   2   &0



YX;6Q02P$
M% 

^ID)/0






4     !1@F%2*ZI\D\X%  Q&0




M.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1@F%2YQ]*P)@#   K#P  &0







M=#8V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %&85((!@(^H ,  !P-   9
M   @4[

M='

+E 0!X;]?<F5L


0  !- $T $A4  &[J 0    $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 plant

      
      

 plant

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of property
 plant

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of property
 plant

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

  
  










{
 instance: {
  bynd-20201231.htm: {
   axisCustom: 0
   axisStandard: 38
   contextCount: 292
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20201231_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20201231_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2020-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      bynd-20201231.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20201231_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020/dei-doc-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-doc-2020-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      bynd-20201231_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-ref-2020-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020/dei-ref-2020-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      bynd-20201231.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-types-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-roles-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-roles-2020-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2020/country-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-types-2020-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020/dei-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-parts-codification-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 751
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31: 5
    http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231: 1
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31: 4
    total: 10
   }
   keyCustom: 61
   keyStandard: 484
   memberCustom: 25
   memberStandard: 70
   nsprefix: bynd
   nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 0001001 - Document - Cover Page Document
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     shortName: Cover Page Document
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2103102 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2111103 - Disclosure - Restructuring
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Restructuring
     shortName: Restructuring
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2113104 - Disclosure - Leases
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Leases
     shortName: Leases
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:AssetAcquisitionDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2119105 - Disclosure - Asset Acquisition
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisition
     shortName: Asset Acquisition
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:AssetAcquisitionDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2123106 - Disclosure - Inventories
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Inventories
     shortName: Inventories
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2126107 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipment
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2130108 - Disclosure - Debt
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Debt
     shortName: Debt
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2134109 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStock
     shortName: Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2136110 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensation
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2143111 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001002 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2145112 - Disclosure - Income Taxes
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2152113 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPS
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2157114 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEvent
     shortName: Subsequent Event
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2159115 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnaudited
     shortName: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2204201 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2305301 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2314302 - Disclosure - Leases (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     shortName: Leases (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2320303 - Disclosure - Asset Acquisition (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionTables
     shortName: Asset Acquisition (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2324304 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesTables
     shortName: Inventories (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2327305 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentTables
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002003 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2331306 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtTables
     shortName: Debt (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2337307 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2346308 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2353309 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSTables
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2360310 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Tables)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedTables
     shortName: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2402401 - Disclosure - Introduction (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     shortName: Introduction (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i22568ed673b64b61a13aee57206f1752_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 2
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2406402 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ia22604c25fa74e82b693697b699fcf39_I20181231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2407403 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of fair value valuation (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of fair value valuation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ia22604c25fa74e82b693697b699fcf39_I20181231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i5a26043091a14819a8fd294e7a80e316_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2408404 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of changes in fair value (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryofchangesinfairvalueDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of changes in fair value (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i5cb6d821156c4854ba4fad41e96dd9c3_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i1df9af89c42646bd99c36108d3d3e4ef_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2409405 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i1df9af89c42646bd99c36108d3d3e4ef_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003004 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Operations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 0
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i77f4cb33efc7465bbe63642635b77985_D20200927-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2410406 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of net revenues by platform and channel (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of net revenues by platform and channel (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i96e76d87f1914837b69888586dfa9456_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2412407 - Disclosure - Restructuring (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     shortName: Restructuring (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       bynd:ScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoOperatingandFinanceLeasesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2415408 - Disclosure - Leases - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Leases - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3a5a6a35a8584edf966fbb8ae96186cd_I20201231
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:OperatingLeaseCostVariable
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416409 - Disclosure - Leases - Components of lease (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     shortName: Leases - Components of lease (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:OperatingLeaseCostVariable
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       bynd:ScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoOperatingandFinanceLeasesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417410 - Disclosure - Leases - Schedule of supplemental balance sheet information (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     shortName: Leases - Schedule of supplemental balance sheet information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       bynd:ScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoOperatingandFinanceLeasesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418411 - Disclosure - Leases - Schedule of future maturities of lease liabilities (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     shortName: Leases - Schedule of future maturities of lease liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i99e6bd0bf9244306a2323a091d73a3fe_D20201030-20201030
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:AssetAcquisitionConsiderationTransferred
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2421412 - Disclosure - Asset Acquisition - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Asset Acquisition - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i99e6bd0bf9244306a2323a091d73a3fe_D20201030-20201030
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:AssetAcquisitionConsiderationTransferred
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       bynd:ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i99e6bd0bf9244306a2323a091d73a3fe_D20201030-20201030
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforce
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2422413 - Disclosure - Asset Acquisition - Schedule of allocation of purchase consideration (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     shortName: Asset Acquisition - Schedule of allocation of purchase consideration (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       bynd:ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i99e6bd0bf9244306a2323a091d73a3fe_D20201030-20201030
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforce
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2425414 - Disclosure - Inventories (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     shortName: Inventories (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i5a26043091a14819a8fd294e7a80e316_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2428415 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of property, plant, and equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i5a26043091a14819a8fd294e7a80e316_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004005 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2429416 - Disclosure - Property, Plant and Equipment - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Property, Plant and Equipment - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if18e2d9a60484a649a494f3837ba35f9_I20200421
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:DebtInstrumentCovenantAnnualDividendPaymentMaximum
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2432417 - Disclosure - Debt - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Debt - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if18e2d9a60484a649a494f3837ba35f9_I20200421
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:DebtInstrumentCovenantAnnualDividendPaymentMaximum
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredFinanceCostsNet
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2433418 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of debt balances (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     shortName: Debt - Schedule of debt balances (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i1eec649293cf45a297d0fa661901d5e6_I20190506
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2435419 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     shortName: Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i1eec649293cf45a297d0fa661901d5e6_I20190506
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2438420 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: idd63c1b7c275470eac87e8b5d014b988_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -5
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i393a8677254940a68821699f40ef18f0_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2439421 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Summary of shares available for grant (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Summary of shares available for grant (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i393a8677254940a68821699f40ef18f0_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2440422 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleoffairvalueassumptionsDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i5a26043091a14819a8fd294e7a80e316_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2441423 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of stock option activity (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of stock option activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ib1dc40ff06cd403da19fb2db6a4857c7_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2442424 - Disclosure - Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of restricted stock and RSU activity (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     shortName: Share-Based Compensation - Schedule of restricted stock and RSU activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: idd63c1b7c275470eac87e8b5d014b988_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i68f17c630cf341bc8e09fd4d6a835f52_I20200316
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2444425 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ia340dc25d92d41e8b8319856129ecf18_I20200526
      decimals: 0
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:LesseeOperatingLeaseArea
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: sqft
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i35c56dc11d034167b781f146d7d77761_I20171231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005006 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i35c56dc11d034167b781f146d7d77761_I20171231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2447426 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of components of income tax expense (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of components of income tax expense (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2448427 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2449428 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i3ec951a32fba447eb0e3a3c592373149_I20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2450429 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -5
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i5a26043091a14819a8fd294e7a80e316_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2451430 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of unrecognized tax benefits (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofunrecognizedtaxbenefitsDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of unrecognized tax benefits (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2454431 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: iad3eb2139dbd404b8a056c186047a732_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 0
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i77f4cb33efc7465bbe63642635b77985_D20200927-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2455432 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) - Schedule of basic and diluted net loss per common share (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) - Schedule of basic and diluted net loss per common share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 0
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2456433 - Disclosure - Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) - Schedule of antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     shortName: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d) - Schedule of antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i4b56b9001f9147eeb297b1580e14f322_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: 0
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i09907bcd3275473899de858beaa8c1a2_D20200526-20200526
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: contract
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2458434 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     shortName: Subsequent Events (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: ifa6967ff37c54ee69b289345a269b9f1_I20210114
      decimals: -1
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:LesseeOperatingLeaseTotalArea
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: sqft
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i77f4cb33efc7465bbe63642635b77985_D20200927-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2461435 - Disclosure - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Details)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     shortName: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i77f4cb33efc7465bbe63642635b77985_D20200927-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i62176e7218ff4aab89138958ded826de_I20181231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredOfferingCosts
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1006007 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: i1aa05b00f51f4441b4238c89c0b5a660_D20180101-20181231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: bynd:TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1007008 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2101101 - Disclosure - Introduction
     role: http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Introduction
     shortName: Introduction
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: bynd-20201231.htm
      contextRef: if1e3ac94aff549afb8ba60272a4c2462_D20200101-20201231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 100
   tag: {
    bynd_A2018EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member]
        label: 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 ESPP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2018EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2018 Equity Incentive Plan [Member]
        label: 2018 Equity Incentive Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2018EquityIncentivePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_A2018TermLoanFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2018 Term Loan Facility [Member]
        label: 2018 Term Loan Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Term loan facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2018TermLoanFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_AdministrativeCommitteeOfJiaxingEconomicTechnologicalDevelopmentZoneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Administrative Committee of Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone
        label: Administrative Committee of Jiaxing Economic &amp; Technological Development Zone [Member]
        terseLabel: JXEDZ
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdministrativeCommitteeOfJiaxingEconomicTechnologicalDevelopmentZoneMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_AdvisorAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Advisor Agreement [Member]
        label: Advisor Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Advisor Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvisorAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_AggregateIntrinsicValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Abstract]
        label: Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Aggregate Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AggregateIntrinsicValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_AmendedAdvisorAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amended Advisor Agreement [Member]
        label: Amended Advisor Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Amended Advisor Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendedAdvisorAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforce: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssetsAcquired
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Acquisition, Assembled Workforce
        label: Asset Acquisition, Assembled Workforce
        terseLabel: Assembled workforce
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforce
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforceUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Acquisition, Assembled Workforce, Useful Life
        label: Asset Acquisition, Assembled Workforce, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Assembled workforce, useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetAcquisitionAssembledWorkforceUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssetsAcquired: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Acquisition, Assets Acquired
        label: Asset Acquisition, Assets Acquired
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetAcquisitionAssetsAcquired
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetAcquisitionConsiderationTransferred: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Acquisition, Consideration Transferred
        label: Asset Acquisition, Consideration Transferred
        terseLabel: Consideration transferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetAcquisitionConsiderationTransferred
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetAcquisitionDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Acquisition Disclosure
        label: Asset Acquisition Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Asset Acquisition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetAcquisitionDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisition
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetAcquisitionNumberOfEmployeesHired: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset Acquisition, Number of Employees Hired
        label: Asset Acquisition, Number of Employees Hired
        terseLabel: Number of employees hired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetAcquisitionNumberOfEmployeesHired
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    bynd_AssetsAcquisitionCapitalizedAcquisitionCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assets Acquisition, Capitalized Acquisition Costs
        label: Assets Acquisition, Capitalized Acquisition Costs
        terseLabel: Acquisition costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAcquisitionCapitalizedAcquisitionCosts
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_BeyondMeatIncMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Beyond Meat, Inc
        label: Beyond Meat, Inc [Member]
        terseLabel: Beyond Meat, Inc
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BeyondMeatIncMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_BonusforServicesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Bonus for Services [Member]
        label: Bonus for Services [Member]
        terseLabel: Bonus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BonusforServicesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_CashAndCashEquivalentsConcentration: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Concentration
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Concentration
        terseLabel: Cash equivalents, concentration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsConcentration
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_CashPaidAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash Paid [Abstract]
        label: Cash Paid [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash paid during the period for:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashPaidAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_ConsultingAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Consulting Agreement [Member]
        label: Consulting Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Consulting Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsultingAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementExpectedAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Expected Amount
        label: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Expected Amount
        terseLabel: Investment agreement, expected amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementExpectedAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementLandUseRightPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Land Use Right Period
        label: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Land Use Right Period
        terseLabel: Investment agreement, land use right period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementLandUseRightPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementOptionalAdditionalAmountToAcquireLand: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Optional Additional Amount to Acquire Land
        label: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Optional Additional Amount to Acquire Land
        terseLabel: Investment agreement, additional amount to acquire land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementOptionalAdditionalAmountToAcquireLand
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementOptionalAdditionalAmountToAcquireSecondLandPlot: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Optional Additional Amount to Acquire Second Land Plot
        label: Contractual Obligation, Investment Agreement, Optional Additional Amount to Acquire Second Land Plot
        terseLabel: Investment agreement, additional amount to acquire second land plot
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationInvestmentAgreementOptionalAdditionalAmountToAcquireSecondLandPlot
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_CustomerOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer One
        label: Customer One [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentCovenantAnnualDividendPaymentMaximum: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Annual Dividend Payment, Maximum
        label: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Annual Dividend Payment, Maximum
        terseLabel: Maximum annual dividend payment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCovenantAnnualDividendPaymentMaximum
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentCovenantFixedChargeCoverageRatioMinimum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Minimum
        label: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Minimum
        terseLabel: Minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCovenantFixedChargeCoverageRatioMinimum
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    bynd_DebtInstrumentCovenantLeverageRatioMaximum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Leverage Ratio, Maximum
        label: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Leverage Ratio, Maximum
        terseLabel: Maximum leverage ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCovenantLeverageRatioMaximum
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    bynd_DeferredOfferingCostsIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Offering Costs, Incurred But Not Yet Paid
        label: Deferred Offering Costs, Incurred But Not Yet Paid
        terseLabel: Accrued stock issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredOfferingCostsIncurredButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_DenominatorAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Denominator [Abstract]
        label: Denominator [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Denominator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DenominatorAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_DistributorOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor One [Member]
        label: Distributor One [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributorOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DistributorThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor Three [Member]
        label: Distributor Three [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor Three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributorThreeMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_DistributorTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor Two [Member]
        label: Distributor Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Distributor Two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributorTwoMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationReturntoProvisionandOtherAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Return to Provision and Other, Amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Return to Provision and Other, Amount
        terseLabel: Return to provision and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationReturntoProvisionandOtherAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStockWarrantLiabilityAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Stock Warrant Liability, Amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Stock Warrant Liability, Amount
        terseLabel: Stock warrant liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStockWarrantLiabilityAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_EquipmentLoanFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment Loan Facility [Member]
        label: Equipment Loan Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Equipment financing loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquipmentLoanFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_FinanceLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Finance Lease, Cost
        label: Finance Lease, Cost
        totalLabel: Finance lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_FinanceLeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Finance Leases [Abstract]
        label: Finance Leases [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Finance Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeasesAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Former Co-Manufacturer Complaint [Member]
        label: Former Co-Manufacturer Complaint [Member]
        terseLabel: Former Co-manufacturer Complaint
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FormerCoManufacturerComplaintMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_FrozenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Frozen [Member]
        label: Frozen [Member]
        terseLabel: Frozen
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FrozenMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_GigiPritzkerPuckerMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gigi Pritzker Pucker
        label: Gigi Pritzker Pucker [Member]
        terseLabel: Gigi Pritzker Pucker
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GigiPritzkerPuckerMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_GrossMargin: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross Margin
        label: Gross Margin
        terseLabel: Gross margin
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossMargin
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_HostingOfCompanyPresentationsAndMeetingsReimbursementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hosting of Company Presentations and Meetings, Reimbursements
        label: Hosting of Company Presentations and Meetings, Reimbursements [Member]
        terseLabel: Presentations and Meetings, Reimbursements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HostingOfCompanyPresentationsAndMeetingsReimbursementsMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_IncreaseDecreaseinOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Lease, Liability
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseinOperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_IssuanceofConvertiblePreferredStockWarrantsinConnectionwithDebt: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants in Connection with Debt
        label: Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants in Connection with Debt
        terseLabel: Issuance of convertible preferred stock warrants in connection with debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IssuanceofConvertiblePreferredStockWarrantsinConnectionwithDebt
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_LeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability
        label: Lease, Liability
        totalLabel: Total lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_LeaseRightofUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        label: Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        totalLabel: Total lease assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseRightofUseAsset
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_LegalServicesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Legal Services
        label: Legal Services [Member]
        terseLabel: Legal Services
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegalServicesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseArea: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee, Operating Lease, Area
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Area
        terseLabel: Area leased (in square feet)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseArea
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: areaItemType
    }
    bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseBuildingPhasePeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee, Operating Lease, Building Phase Period
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Building Phase Period
        terseLabel: Building phase period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseBuildingPhasePeriod
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee, Operating Lease, Number Of Renewal Options
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Number Of Renewal Options
        terseLabel: Number of renewal options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseNumberOfRenewalOptions
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    bynd_LesseeOperatingLeaseTotalArea: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee, Operating Lease, Total Area
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Total Area
        terseLabel: Total area leased
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseTotalArea
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: areaItemType
    }
    bynd_LineofCreditFacilityEarlyTerminationFeeAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of Credit Facility, Early Termination Fee Amount
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Early Termination Fee Amount
        terseLabel: Early termination fee amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineofCreditFacilityEarlyTerminationFeeAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_LineofCreditFacilityMaximumAdditionalBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Additional Borrowing Capacity
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Additional Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Maximum additional borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineofCreditFacilityMaximumAdditionalBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_LoanstoRelatedPartiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Loans to Related Parties [Member]
        label: Loans to Related Parties [Member]
        terseLabel: Loans to Related Parties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LoanstoRelatedPartiesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_LongLivedAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-Lived Assets
        label: Long-Lived Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Long-lived assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongLivedAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_NonqualifiedStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non-qualified Stock Option [Member]
        label: Non-qualified Stock Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Non-qualified Stock Option
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonqualifiedStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_NumeratorAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Numerator [Abstract]
        label: Numerator [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Numerator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumeratorAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_OperatingLeaseCostFixed: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease, Cost, Fixed
        label: Operating Lease, Cost, Fixed
        terseLabel: Lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCostFixed
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_OperatingLeaseCostVariable: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease, Cost, Variable
        label: Operating Lease, Cost, Variable
        terseLabel: Variable lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCostVariable
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_OperatingLeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Leases
        label: Operating Leases [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards, not subject to expiration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjecttoExpiration
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_PaymentsforSecurityDeposits: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments for Security Deposits
        label: Payments for Security Deposits
        negatedTerseLabel: Payment of security deposits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsforSecurityDeposits
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_PaymentstoAcquirePropertyPlantandEquipmentHeldforsale: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Held-for-sale
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Held-for-sale
        negatedTerseLabel: Purchases of property, plant and equipment held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentstoAcquirePropertyPlantandEquipmentHeldforsale
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_PrepaidExpensesPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Prepaid Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        label: Prepaid Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpensesPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_ProceedsFromEquipmentLoans: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds From Equipment Loans
        label: Proceeds From Equipment Loans
        terseLabel: Proceeds from equipment loan borrowing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromEquipmentLoans
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ReclassificationsofTemporarytoPermanentEquityShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reclassifications of Temporary to Permanent Equity, Shares
        label: Reclassifications of Temporary to Permanent Equity, Shares
        negatedTerseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible preferred stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationsofTemporarytoPermanentEquityShares
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDailyTransactionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party Transaction, Daily Transaction Amount
        label: Related Party Transaction, Daily Transaction Amount
        terseLabel: Daily transaction amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDailyTransactionAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party Transaction, Days of Service Per Month
        label: Related Party Transaction, Days of Service Per Month
        terseLabel: Days of service
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDaysofServicePerMonth
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related Party Transaction, Monthly Transaction Amount
        label: Related Party Transaction, Monthly Transaction Amount
        terseLabel: Monthly transaction amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionMonthlyTransactionAmount
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Research And Development Equipment [Member]
        label: Research And Development Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Research and development equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_SVBCreditFacilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: SVB Credit Facilities [Member]
        label: SVB Credit Facilities [Member]
        terseLabel: SVB Credit Facilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SVBCreditFacilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_SaleofStockDiscountsandCommissions: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sale of Stock, Discounts and Commissions
        label: Sale of Stock, Discounts and Commissions
        terseLabel: Underwriting discounts and commissions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleofStockDiscountsandCommissions
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Asset Acquisition
        label: Schedule Of Asset Acquisition [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of asset acquisition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAssetAcquisitionTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_ScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoOperatingandFinanceLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Related to Operating and Finance Leases [Table Text Block]
        label: Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Related to Operating and Finance Leases [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of supplemental balance sheet information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofAssetsandLiabilitiesRelatedtoOperatingandFinanceLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_SecondaryPublicOfferingMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Secondary Public Offering [Member]
        label: Secondary Public Offering [Member]
        terseLabel: Secondary Offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecondaryPublicOfferingMember
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Forfeitures in Period
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Forfeitures in Period
        terseLabel: Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardForfeituresInPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Grants in Period, Gross
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Grants in Period, Gross
        negatedTerseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Intrinsic Value
        label: Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Vested And Expected To Vest, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value, vested and expected to vest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesAvailableForGrantNumberOfSharesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Available for Grant, Number of Shares
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Available for Grant, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Available for Grant, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesAvailableForGrantNumberOfSharesRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    bynd_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCostReclassificationToAdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Unearned Cost, Reclassification to Additional Paid in Capital
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Unearned Cost, Reclassification to Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense accrued, amount reclassified to APIC
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCostReclassificationToAdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAuthorizationofAdditionalSharesPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Authorization of Additional Shares Period
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Authorization of Additional Shares Period
        terseLabel: Period of additional shares authorized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAuthorizationofAdditionalSharesPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodPurchasePricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Purchase Price Per Share
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Purchase Price Per Share
        terseLabel: Purchase price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodPurchasePricePerShare
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsUnvestedPurchased: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Unvested, Purchased
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Unvested, Purchased
        terseLabel: Shares of restricted stock purchased by nonemployees (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsUnvestedPurchased
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofAdditionalSharesAuthorizedPerYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized per Year
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized Per Year
        terseLabel: Additional shares authorized annually (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofAdditionalSharesAuthorizedPerYear
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentageofOutstandingStockMaximumPerYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percentage of Outstanding Stock Maximum per Year
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percentage of Outstanding Stock Maximum Per Year
        terseLabel: Percent of common stock outstanding, per year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentageofOutstandingStockMaximumPerYear
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedPaymentArrangementLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Liability, Current
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedPaymentArrangementLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_SharebasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Unearned Cost
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Unearned Cost
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation expense accrued, not issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedPaymentArrangementUnearnedCost
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseofWarrants: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Exercise of Warrants
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Exercise of Warrants
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon exercise of common stock warrants (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseofWarrants
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Stock Issuance Costs
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Stock Issuance Costs
        terseLabel: Sale of stock, issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodStockIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePaymentofNote: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Payment of Note
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Payment of Note
        terseLabel: Payoff of promissory notes receivable for restricted stock purchase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePaymentofNote
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_StockWarrantLiabilityPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Warrant Liability, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        label: Stock Warrant Liability, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock Warrant Liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockWarrantLiabilityPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Stock Issuance Costs
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issuance Costs
        terseLabel: Temporary equity, issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    bynd_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues
        terseLabel: Issuance of Series G preferred stock, net of issuance costs (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues
     nsuri: http://www.beyondmeat.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    country_US: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: UNITED STATES
        terseLabel: U.S. net revenues
       }
      }
     }
     localname: US
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cover [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r599
      r600
      r601
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r602
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r597
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
        terseLabel: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
        terseLabel: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, grantor trusts, and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.
        label: Entity [Domain]
        terseLabel: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityDomain
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r604
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag: {
     auth_ref: [
      r599
      r600
      r601
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
        terseLabel: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.
        label: Legal Entity [Axis]
        terseLabel: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegalEntityAxis
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r596
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r598
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CoverPageDocument
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    srt_AffiliatedEntityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r496
      r497
      r499
      r594
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Affiliated Entity [Member]
        terseLabel: Affiliated Entity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AffiliatedEntityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_CounterpartyNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r122
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Counterparty Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Counterparty Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CounterpartyNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_DirectorMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Director [Member]
        terseLabel: Director
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DirectorMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: Executive Chair
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_LitigationCaseAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Litigation Case [Axis]
        terseLabel: Litigation Case [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationCaseAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_LitigationCaseTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Litigation Case [Domain]
        terseLabel: Litigation Case [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationCaseTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
      r312
      r315
      r562
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Customer [Axis]
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
      r331
      r504
      r505
      r506
      r507
      r508
      r509
      r510
      r559
      r563
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
      r331
      r504
      r505
      r506
      r507
      r508
      r509
      r510
      r559
      r563
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
      r312
      r315
      r562
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Customer [Domain]
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_OwnershipAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Ownership [Axis]
        terseLabel: Ownership [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_OwnershipDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Ownership [Domain]
        terseLabel: Ownership [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
      r312
      r313
      r511
      r558
      r560
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
      r312
      r313
      r511
      r558
      r560
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r330
      r331
      r504
      r505
      r506
      r507
      r508
      r509
      r510
      r559
      r563
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r330
      r331
      r504
      r505
      r506
      r507
      r508
      r509
      r510
      r559
      r563
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RepurchaseAgreementCounterpartyNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Counterparty Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Counterparty Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepurchaseAgreementCounterpartyNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
      r204
      r312
      r314
      r561
      r585
      r586
      r587
      r588
      r589
      r590
      r591
      r592
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Geographical [Domain]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
      r204
      r312
      r314
      r561
      r578
      r585
      r586
      r587
      r588
      r589
      r590
      r591
      r592
      r593
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Geographical [Axis]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206
      r498
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r474
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2016-02
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r28
      r207
      r208
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
      r9
      r52
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for incentive compensation awarded to employees and directors or earned by them based on the terms of one or more relevant arrangements. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Bonuses, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued bonus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedBonusesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
      r9
      r52
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the obligations incurred through that date and payable for employees' services provided. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Salaries, Current
        terseLabel: Wages payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedSalariesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r240
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
      r69
      r70
      r71
      r445
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated adjustment, net of tax, that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity, net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Unrealized translation gains, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
      r69
      r70
      r71
      r547
      r571
      r575
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r71
      r72
      r127
      r128
      r129
      r432
      r566
      r567
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r129
      r370
      r371
      r372
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r132
      r133
      r134
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r366
      r367
      r368
      r369
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r373
      r411
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r512
      r513
      r514
      r564
      r565
      r566
      r567
      r568
      r569
      r570
      r571
      r572
      r573
      r574
      r575
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by amendment to accounting standards.
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Axis]
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
      r336
      r376
      r377
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: APIC, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation for equity-classified awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r291
      r299
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from the issuance of warrants. Includes allocation of proceeds of debt securities issued with detachable stock purchase warrants.
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Warrant Issued
        terseLabel: Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital upon closing of the initial public offering
        verboseLabel: Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital in connection with the initial public offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
      r362
      r375
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213
      r224
      r225
      r226
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss
        terseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r107
      r465
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to debt issuance costs.
        label: Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs
        terseLabel: Amortization of debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfFinancingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount
        terseLabel: Total
        verboseLabel: Antidilutive securities excluded from computation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetUnderConstructionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset in process of being built.
        label: Asset under Construction [Member]
        terseLabel: Assets not yet placed in service
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetUnderConstructionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
      r186
      r195
      r200
      r217
      r429
      r433
      r448
      r528
      r544
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r7
      r64
      r120
      r217
      r429
      r433
      r448
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets held-for-sale that are not part of a disposal group, expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Assets Held-for-sale, Not Part of Disposal Group, Current
        terseLabel: Assets held-for-sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r472
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long lived property, plant or equipment assets held by a lessee through a capital lease arrangement.
        label: Assets Held under Capital Leases [Member]
        terseLabel: Finance leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r435
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BaseRateMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum rate investor will accept.
        label: Base Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Alternate Base Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BaseRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities and any addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, for example, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Building
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities.
        label: Building [Member]
        terseLabel: Buildings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Business Combinations [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r425
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method, acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example, the treatment accorded contingent consideration, the identification of assets and liabilities, the purchase price allocation process, how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity, and the rationale for that accounting policy.
        label: Business Combinations Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounting for Acquisition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalAdditionsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual obligation to increase property, plant and equipment either through construction or future purchases.
        label: Capital Addition Purchase Commitments [Member]
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalAdditionsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r113
      r114
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.
        label: Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid
        terseLabel: Non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r473
      r546
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the lessor, together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations
        totalLabel: Total capital lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r471
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations, Current
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: current portion of capital lease obligations
        terseLabel: Short-term finance lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r113
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in lease obligation from new lease.
        label: Lease Obligation Incurred
        terseLabel: Finance lease obligations for the purchase of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r471
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the lessor, together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal, through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle, if longer) after the balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Long-term capital lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
        totalLabel: Total minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount necessary to reduce net minimum lease payments to present value for capital leases.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Interest Included in Payments
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: imputed interest (4.1% to 15.9%)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetPresentValueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Net Present Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Capital Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetPresentValueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r44
      r109
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of cash and cash equivalent balance.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis]
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r110
      r116
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r109
      r115
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r453
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Excluding Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118
      r120
      r146
      r147
      r148
      r150
      r152
      r163
      r164
      r165
      r217
      r448
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        terseLabel: Exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, each warrant may be converted into two shares.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Each Warrant or Right
        terseLabel: Number of shares able to purchase (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, 500,000 warrants may be converted into 1,000,000 shares.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
        terseLabel: Number of warrants issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of warrants or rights outstanding.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Warrants outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
      r335
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure for warrants or rights issued, which includes the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding, the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding, the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable, and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Table]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r263
      r534
      r551
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r259
      r262
      r272
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r275
      r579
      r580
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies, which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r291
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common stock, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share\u2014500,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2020 and 2019; 62,820,351 and 61,576,494 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
      r76
      r77
      r82
      r537
      r554
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Comprehensive loss, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for comprehensive income.
        label: Comprehensive Income, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Comprehensive Loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r205
      r446
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r205
      r446
      r447
      r576
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r205
      r446
      r447
      r576
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r205
      r446
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Concentration risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r205
      r446
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractTerminationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of a contract associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.
        label: Contract Termination [Member]
        terseLabel: Contract Termination
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractTerminationMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by sales channel for delivery of good or service in contract with customer.
        label: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Axis]
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sales channel for delivery of good or service in contract with customer. Includes, but is not limited to, directly to consumer and through intermediary.
        label: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Domain]
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred stock that may be exchanged into common shares or other types of securities at the owner's option.
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock (as converted)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r26
      r292
      r295
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued for each share of convertible preferred stock that is converted.
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock, Shares Issued upon Conversion
        terseLabel: Number of shares issued for each share of convertible preferred stock converted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
      r511
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.
        label: Cost of Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cost of product sold and service rendered.
        label: Cost of Goods and Service [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r250
      r251
      r255
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and reporting costs associated with exiting, disposing of, and restructuring certain operations.
        label: Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities or Restructurings, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostsAssociatedWithExitOrDisposalActivitiesOrRestructuringsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Current Federal, State and Local, Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r407
      r417
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r407
      r417
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r407
      r417
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
      r205
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRefundLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Current regulatory liabilities generally represent obligations to make refunds to customers for various reasons including overpayment.
        label: Customer Refund Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Liability for estimated sales discounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRefundLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Debt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r19
      r20
      r529
      r531
      r543
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.
        label: Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Variable annual interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r278
      r531
      r543
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but is not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Gross
        terseLabel: Debt, outstanding balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r464
      r466
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.
        label: Debt Instrument, Face Amount
        terseLabel: Debt, face amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r280
      r464
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective interest rate for the funds borrowed under the debt agreement considering interest compounding and original issue discount or premium.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Effective Percentage
        terseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r123
      r292
      r296
      r297
      r298
      r463
      r464
      r466
      r541
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument, in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Debt Instrument, Term
        terseLabel: Debt term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r113
      r114
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of debt issuance costs that were incurred during a noncash or partial noncash transaction.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs Incurred During Noncash or Partial Noncash Transaction
        terseLabel: Offering costs, accrued not yet paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
      r116
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for deferral and amortization of significant deferred charges.
        label: Deferred Charges, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Deferred Offering Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r408
      r417
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Federal, State and Local, Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
      r465
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Debt issuance costs
        terseLabel: Debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r121
      r408
      r417
      r418
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total deferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r23
      r397
      r530
      r542
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross
        totalLabel: Total gross deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
      r235
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Specific incremental costs directly attributable to a proposed or actual offering of securities which are deferred at the end of the reporting period.
        label: Deferred Offering Costs
        terseLabel: Stock offering costs
        verboseLabel: Deferred offering costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredOfferingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredRentCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative difference between the rental payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis, or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property, expected to be recognized in income or expense over the term of the leased property by the lessor or lessee, respectively.
        label: Deferred Rent Credit
        negatedLabel: Decrease in deferred rent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredRentCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r408
      r417
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetInterestCarryforward: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible interest carryforward.
        label: Deferred Tax Asset, Interest Carryforward
        terseLabel: Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetInterestCarryforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Intangibles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross
        totalLabel: Total gross deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax Assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGrossAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventory reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss (NOL)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance
        terseLabel: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
      r406
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofdeferredtaxassetsandliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount
        terseLabel: Matching contribution
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DemandDepositsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounts that may or may not bear interest and that depositor is entitled to withdraw at anytime without prior notice. Checking and negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts are the most common forms of demand deposits.
        label: Demand Deposits [Member]
        terseLabel: Demand Deposits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DemandDepositsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r184
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
      r313
      r314
      r315
      r316
      r317
      r318
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of disaggregation of revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensation
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Disclosure of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of shares available for grant
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.
        label: Domestic Tax Authority [Member]
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrentAndNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
      r497
      r500
      r533
      r552
      r577
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payable due to an entity that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.
        label: Due to Affiliate
        terseLabel: Due to affiliate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DueToAffiliateCurrentAndNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net (loss) income per share available to common stockholders:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
      r136
      r137
      r138
      r139
      r140
      r144
      r146
      r150
      r151
      r152
      r156
      r157
      r538
      r555
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        terseLabel: Basic (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements.  Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.  Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted
        terseLabel: Net loss per share available to common stockholders\u2014basic and diluted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
      r136
      r137
      r138
      r139
      r140
      r146
      r150
      r151
      r152
      r156
      r157
      r538
      r555
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        terseLabel: Diluted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r153
      r154
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings (Loss) Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
      r154
      r155
      r158
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (\u201cEPS\u201d)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r453
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; including, but not limited to, disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Including Disposal Group and Discontinued Operations
        terseLabel: Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation expense, period of recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Excluding Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: An Employee Stock Purchase Plan is a tax-efficient means by which employees of a corporation can purchase the corporation's stock.
        label: Employee Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Employee Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right, subject to vesting and other restrictions, to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Options to purchase common stock
        verboseLabel: Employee Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services.
        label: Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Manufacturing equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r129
      r132
      r141
      r143
      r162
      r221
      r291
      r299
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r413
      r414
      r454
      r455
      r456
      r457
      r458
      r459
      r566
      r567
      r568
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r285
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (income) related to adjustment to fair value of warrant liability.
        label: Fair Value Adjustment of Warrants
        terseLabel: Change in preferred and common stock warrant liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about input and valuation technique used to measure fair value and change in valuation approach and technique for each separate class of asset and liability measured on recurring and nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of input and valuation technique used to measure fair value and change in valuation approach and technique for each separate class of asset and liability measured on recurring and nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value Measurement Inputs and Valuation Techniques [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of fair value valuation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Fair Value, Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation, Calculation [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation, Calculation [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryofchangesinfairvalueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440
      r444
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of liabilities using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances, separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized), segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets), and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases, sales, issues, and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example, transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.
        label: Fair Value, Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis, Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of changes in fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets, liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
        label: Fair Value Measurement, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3: {
     auth_ref: [
      r443
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transfers of financial instrument classified as a liability out of level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Liability, Transfers out of Level 3
        negatedTerseLabel: Reclassification of warrant liability to additional paid-in capital in connection with the IPO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryofchangesinfairvalueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r441
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income from liability measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3).
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Liability, Gain (Loss) Included in Earnings
        negatedLabel: Change in fair value of warrant liability
        terseLabel: Remeasurement of warrant liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryofchangesinfairvalueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r442
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of issuances of financial instrument classified as a liability measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Liability, Issuances
        terseLabel: Fair value of warrants issued during the period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryofchangesinfairvalueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial instrument classified as a liability measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation, Recurring Basis, Liability Value
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryofchangesinfairvalueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r478
      r485
      r494
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: bynd_FinanceLeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest expense on finance lease liability.
        label: Finance Lease, Interest Expense
        terseLabel: Interest on lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseInterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Payment, Due [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Finance Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Total discounted future minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: bynd_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease, classified as current.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Finance lease liabilities
        verboseLabel: Short-term finance lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of finance lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to finance lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Fiscal Year Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of future maturities of finance lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: bynd_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Finance lease obligations and other long term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r477
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes noncurrent finance lease liability.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Noncurrent, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
        terseLabel: Finance lease liability, noncurrent, statement of financial position
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: extensibleListItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Payment, Due
        totalLabel: Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        negatedTerseLabel: Less imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r480
      r488
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 17.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for principal payment on finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Principal Payments
        negatedTerseLabel: Principal payments under finance lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r475
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: bynd_LeaseRightofUseAsset
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, after Accumulated Amortization
        terseLabel: Finance leases, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r478
      r485
      r494
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: bynd_FinanceLeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Amortization
        terseLabel: Amortization of right-of use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r475
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before accumulated amortization, of right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, before Accumulated Amortization
        terseLabel: Finance leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for finance lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Finance Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r490
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finance Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiscalPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r426
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date, the length of the fiscal period, any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries, or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists, the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted, along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
        label: Fiscal Period, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fiscal Year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiscalPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax departments of governments entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity outside the entity's country of domicile.
        label: Foreign Tax Authority [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r450
      r451
      r452
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of foreign currency transaction realized and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in the income statement.
        label: Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss), before Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Foreign currency transaction losses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r461
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
        label: Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Foreign Currency
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include, but are not limited to, desks, chairs, tables, and bookcases.
        label: Furniture and Fixtures [Member]
        terseLabel: Furniture and fixtures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r238
      r242
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment, Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property
        negatedTerseLabel: Loss on sale of fixed assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r282
      r283
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Difference between the fair value of payments made and the carrying amount of debt which is extinguished prior to maturity.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Loss on extinguishment of debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that a specified dollar value on the balance sheet or income statement in the period from one or more specified geographic areas is to a corresponding consolidated, segment, or product line amount. Risk is the materially adverse effects of economic decline or antagonistic political actions resulting in loss of assets, sales volume, labor supply, or source of materials and supplies in a US state or a specified country, continent, or region such as EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa).
        label: Geographic Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Geographic Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeographicConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GranteeStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
      r334
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of recipient to whom award is granted.
        label: Grantee Status [Axis]
        terseLabel: Grantee Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GranteeStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GranteeStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of recipient to whom award is granted.
        label: Grantee Status [Domain]
        terseLabel: Grantee Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GranteeStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r120
      r186
      r194
      r196
      r199
      r201
      r217
      r448
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IPOMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: First sale of stock by a private company to the public.
        label: IPO [Member]
        terseLabel: IPO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IPOMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r236
      r244
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
      r186
      r194
      r196
      r199
      r201
      r527
      r535
      r540
      r556
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Loss before taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r390
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
      r395
      r402
      r415
      r420
      r422
      r423
      r424
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r142
      r143
      r185
      r387
      r416
      r421
      r557
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Income tax expense
        totalLabel: Provision for income tax
        verboseLabel: Income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofcomponentsofincometaxexpenseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r116
      r385
      r386
      r395
      r396
      r401
      r409
      r581
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations, attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in tax rates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to foreign income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential, Amount
        terseLabel: Foreign rate differential
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: U.S. income tax at federal statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation, attributable to nondeductible expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Amount
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Amount
        terseLabel: State income tax, net of federal benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Research, Amount
        negatedTerseLabel: Research and development credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofeffectiveincometaxratereconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Income Taxes Paid, Net
        terseLabel: Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedTerseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedTerseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net change in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in noncurrent operating liabilities classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Liabilities
        terseLabel: Long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Temporary Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInTemporaryEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
      r183
      r462
      r465
      r539
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        negatedTerseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
      r281
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense for debt.
        label: Interest Expense, Debt
        terseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
      r104
      r111
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Inventories
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r231
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r61
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventory
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r62
      r116
      r159
      r228
      r230
      r232
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
      r38
      r231
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregated amount of unprocessed materials to be used in manufacturing or production process and supplies that will be consumed. This amount is net of valuation reserves and adjustments.
        label: Inventory, Raw Materials and Supplies, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Raw materials and packaging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
      r231
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials, labor and factory overhead costs, which require further materials, labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods, and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
        label: Inventory, Work in Process, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Work in process
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments, including, but not limited to, physical deterioration, obsolescence, or changes in price levels.
        label: Inventory Write-down
        terseLabel: Inventory write-down
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LandMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Part of earth's surface not covered by water.
        label: Land [Member]
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
      r494
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.
        label: Lease, Cost
        totalLabel: Total lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCostAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Lease, Cost [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Lease Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCostAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes, but is not limited to, interest expense for finance lease, amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease, operating lease cost, short-term lease cost, variable lease cost and sublease income.
        label: Lease, Cost [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of lease
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.
        label: Leasehold Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Leasehold improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeasesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Leases, Operating [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Lease Obligations Under Topic 840
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeasesOperatingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r483
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discount rate used by lessee to determine present value of finance lease payments.
        label: Lessee, Finance Lease, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeaseDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r495
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for finance leases of lessee. Includes, but is not limited to, description of lessee's finance lease and maturity analysis of finance lease liability.
        label: Lessee, Finance Leases [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Leases
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Lessee, Lease, Description [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Lessee, Lease, Description [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r484
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about lessee's leases.
        label: Lessee, Lease, Description [Table]
        terseLabel: Lessee, Lease, Description [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r481
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.
        label: Lessee, Leases [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of future maturities of operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid
        terseLabel: Future minimum lease payments
        totalLabel: Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease due after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        negatedTerseLabel: Less imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r482
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease renewal, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Renewal Term
        terseLabel: Renewal term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: [
      r482
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Term of Contract
        terseLabel: Lease, initial term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r495
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes, but is not limited to, description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.
        label: Lessee, Operating Leases [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Leases
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A document typically issued by a financial institution which acts as a guarantee of payment to a beneficiary, or as the source of payment for a specific transaction (for example, wiring funds to a foreign exporter if and when specified merchandise is accepted pursuant to the terms of the letter of credit).
        label: Letter of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Letter of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LetterOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
      r120
      r217
      r448
      r532
      r549
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities and Stockholders\u2019 Equity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r120
      r217
      r430
      r433
      r434
      r448
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
        verboseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r13
      r14
      r20
      r21
      r120
      r217
      r430
      r433
      r434
      r448
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent
        totalLabel: Total long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Long-term liabilities:
        verboseLabel: Long-term:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LimitedLiabilityCompanyLLCOrLimitedPartnershipLPMembersOrLimitedPartnersOwnershipInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage investment held by members or limited partners of limited liability company (LLC) or limited partnership (LP).
        label: Limited Liability Company or Limited Partnership, Members or Limited Partners, Ownership Interest
        terseLabel: Ownership interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LimitedLiabilityCompanyLLCOrLimitedPartnershipLPMembersOrLimitedPartnersOwnershipInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Maximum borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Available borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee, expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility, for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Unused Capacity, Commitment Fee Percentage
        terseLabel: Unused commitment fee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars.
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r529
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Line of Credit, Current
        terseLabel: Short-term borrowings under revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LinesOfCreditCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of pending, threatened, or settled litigation.
        label: Litigation Status [Axis]
        terseLabel: Litigation Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LitigationStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of pending, threatened, or settled litigation.
        label: Litigation Status [Domain]
        terseLabel: Litigation Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member]
        terseLabel: LIBOR
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r279
      r531
      r546
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        totalLabel: Total debt outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities
        verboseLabel: Less: current portion of long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r531
      r545
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer, excluding current portion.
        label: Loans Payable to Bank, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Long-term portion of bank term loan, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermLoansFromBank
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period covered by the long-term purchase commitment, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Period
        terseLabel: Purchase commitment term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r264
      r265
      r267
      r268
      r269
      r271
      r273
      r274
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses the specific components (such as the nature, name, and date) of the loss contingency and gives an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, or states that a reasonable estimate cannot be made. Excludes environmental contingencies, warranties and unconditional purchase obligations.
        label: Loss Contingencies [Table]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r266
      r270
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The value (monetary amount) of the award the plaintiff seeks in the legal matter.
        label: Loss Contingency, Damages Sought, Value
        terseLabel: Damages sought, value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of defendants named in a legal action.
        label: Loss Contingency, Number of Defendants
        terseLabel: Number of defendants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyNumberOfDefendants
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Manufacturing equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using agreed upon price for exchange of underlying asset.
        label: Measurement Input, Exercise Price [Member]
        terseLabel: Fair value of underlying shares (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using expected dividend rate to be paid to holder of share per year.
        label: Measurement Input, Expected Dividend Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Dividend yield
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using rate at which price of security will increase (decrease) for given set of returns.
        label: Measurement Input, Price Volatility [Member]
        terseLabel: Volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input using interest rate on instrument with zero risk of financial loss.
        label: Measurement Input, Risk Free Interest Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of measurement input used to determine value of asset and liability.
        label: Measurement Input Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Measurement Input Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MeasurementInputTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measurement input used to determine value of asset and liability.
        label: Measurement Input Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Measurement Input Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MeasurementInputTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fund that invests in short-term money-market instruments, for example, but not limited to, commercial paper, banker's acceptances, repurchase agreements, government securities, certificates of deposit, and other highly liquid securities.
        label: Money Market Funds [Member]
        terseLabel: Money Market Accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MoneyMarketFundsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NatureOfOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r166
      r179
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business, major products or services, principal markets including location, and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination, including but not limited to, assets, revenues, or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations, disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.
        label: Nature of Operations [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Introduction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Introduction
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flows from financing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flows used in investing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r105
      r108
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flows from operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r73
      r75
      r81
      r108
      r120
      r131
      r136
      r137
      r138
      r139
      r142
      r143
      r149
      r186
      r194
      r196
      r199
      r201
      r217
      r448
      r536
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net loss available to common stockholders
        totalLabel: Net loss
        verboseLabel: Net loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
      r131
      r132
      r133
      r134
      r135
      r138
      r156
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r366
      r367
      r368
      r369
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r373
      r411
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r512
      r513
      r514
      r564
      r565
      r566
      r567
      r568
      r569
      r570
      r571
      r572
      r573
      r574
      r575
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of the changes in an accounting principle or a new accounting pronouncement, including the line items affected by the change and the financial effects of the change on those particular line items.
        label: Accounting Standards Update and Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Recently Adopted and New Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonUsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Countries excluding the United States of America (US).
        label: Non-US [Member]
        terseLabel: International net revenues
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonUsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Noncash Investing and Financing Items [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Non-cash investing and financing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r113
      r114
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash consideration received for selling an asset or business through a noncash (or part noncash) transaction.
        label: Noncash or Part Noncash Divestiture, Amount of Consideration Received
        terseLabel: Note receivable from sale of assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        totalLabel: Total other expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other expense, net:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the changes in outstanding nonvested restricted stock shares.
        label: Nonvested Restricted Stock Shares Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of restricted stock activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r207
      r227
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of financing receivable. Excludes financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement.
        label: Financing Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss
        terseLabel: Note receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NotesReceivableNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r180
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
        label: Number of Operating Segments
        terseLabel: Number of operating segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfOperatingSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r180
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.
        label: Number of Reportable Segments
        terseLabel: Number of reportable segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingExpenses: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Operating Expenses
        totalLabel: Total operating expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingExpenses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r186
      r194
      r196
      r199
      r201
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        totalLabel: Loss from operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r486
      r494
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost, calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes, but is not limited to, single lease cost, after impairment of right-of-use asset, calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Cost
        totalLabel: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating lease expense. Excludes sublease income.
        label: Operating Lease, Expense
        terseLabel: Non-cash lease expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payment, Due [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Total discounted future minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: bynd_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Current portion of operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: bynd_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Operating lease liabilities
        verboseLabel: Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r475
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: bynd_LeaseRightofUseAsset
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Operating lease right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleofsupplementalbalancesheetinformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r490
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
        totalLabel: Total minimum lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesScheduleoffuturematuritiesofleaseliabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r403
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r427
      r428
      r431
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to parent entity.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation gain, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveLoss
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other Expenses [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other (expense) income:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Finance lease obligations and other long term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLoansPayableLongTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term loans classified as other, payable after one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Loans Payable, Long-term, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Equipment loan, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLoansPayableLongTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r19
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt classified as other, payable within one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Long-term Debt, Current
        terseLabel: Short-term borrowings under revolving credit line and bank term loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent assets.
        label: Other Noncurrent Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        terseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Right given to the underwriter to sell additional shares over the initial allotment.
        label: Over-Allotment Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Over-allotment option
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OverAllotmentOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock
        negatedTerseLabel: Payment for repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 20.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for cost from early extinguishment and prepayment of debt. Includes, but is not limited to, third-party cost, premium paid, and other fee paid to lender directly for debt extinguishment or debt prepayment. Excludes accrued interest.
        label: Payment for Debt Extinguishment or Debt Prepayment Cost
        negatedTerseLabel: Debt extinguishment costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
        label: Payments of Debt Issuance Costs
        negatedTerseLabel: Debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for cost incurred directly with the issuance of an equity security.
        label: Payments of Stock Issuance Costs
        negatedTerseLabel: Payments of deferred offering costs
        terseLabel: Deferred offering costs, incurred and paid
        verboseLabel: Payments of deferred offering costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 21.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to satisfy grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-based Payment Arrangement
        negatedTerseLabel: Payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share settlement of equity awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherProductiveAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for the purchase of or improvements to tangible or intangible assets, used to produce goods or deliver services, classified as other.
        label: Payments to Acquire Other Productive Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Asset acquisition
        terseLabel: Payments to acquire productive assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireOtherProductiveAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Purchases of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Risk of loss associated with the outcome of pending litigation against the entity, for example, but not limited to, litigation in arbitration or within the trial process.
        label: Pending Litigation [Member]
        terseLabel: Pending Litigation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PendingLitigationMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r325
      r326
      r327
      r328
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity, and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets, liabilities and expenses are measured, including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Employee Benefit Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.
        label: Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Preferred Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share\u2014500,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r42
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing prepaid expenses and other current assets.
        label: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Prepaid and Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidRent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
      r6
      r233
      r234
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for rent that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Rent
        negatedTerseLabel: Decrease in prepaid rent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidRent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance Initial Public Offering
        terseLabel: Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the initial public offering, net of issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock
        terseLabel: Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the secondary public offering, net of issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from issuance of preferred stocks identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument, typically the entity's common stock.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Convertible Preferred Stock
        terseLabel: Proceeds from preferred stock offering, net of offering costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from amounts received from issuance of long-term debt that is wholly or partially secured by collateral. Excludes proceeds from tax exempt secured debt.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Secured Debt
        terseLabel: Proceeds from term loan borrowing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r365
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from issuance of shares under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes option exercised.
        label: Proceeds, Issuance of Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Excluding Option Exercised
        terseLabel: Proceeds from restricted stock exercise
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
      r124
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Proceeds from Lines of Credit
        terseLabel: Proceeds from revolving credit line
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 19.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Proceeds from Long-term Lines of Credit
        terseLabel: Proceeds from revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentOfLoansToPurchaseCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash inflow from repayment of loans for purchasing common stock.
        label: Proceeds from Repayment of Loans to Purchase Common Stock
        terseLabel: Proceeds from payoff of notes receivable for restricted stock purchase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromRepaymentOfLoansToPurchaseCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow for the sale of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale, classified as other.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Other Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of fixed assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of formerly productive land held for sale, anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, structures on it, and so forth.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property Held-for-sale
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyHeldForSale
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r365
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Proceeds from exercise of stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProductConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r172
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues during the period from a specified product are to a specified benchmark, such as total net revenues, segment revenues or product line revenues. May also reflect the percentage contribution the product made to operating results. Risk is materially adverse effects of a loss of sales of a significant product or line of products, which could occur upon loss of rights to sell, distribute or license others; loss of patent or copyright protection; or technological obsolescence.
        label: Product Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Product Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: bynd_AssetAcquisitionAssetsAcquired
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of acquisition of long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Additions
        terseLabel: Tangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
      r478
      r485
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation and amortization from plant, property, and equipment and right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Property, Plant, and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
        terseLabel: Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r241
      r485
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated depreciation and amortization, of property, plant, and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.
        label: Property, Plant, and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, after Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r239
      r475
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before accumulated depreciation and amortization, of property, plant, and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.
        label: Property, Plant, and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, before Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
        totalLabel: Total property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r245
      r582
      r583
      r584
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipment
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
      r239
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Total property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r17
      r241
      r550
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        terseLabel: Property, plant, and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r116
      r241
      r582
      r583
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of property, plant, and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentTables
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r239
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Estimated useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligation: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from a supplier.
        label: Purchase Obligation
        totalLabel: Purchase commitments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of purchase arrangement to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Includes, but is not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitment, and short-term purchase commitment. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year One
        terseLabel: Purchase commitments, due 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of purchase arrangement to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Includes, but is not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitment, and short-term purchase commitment. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Purchase Obligation, to be Paid, Year Two
        terseLabel: Purchase commitments, due 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnaudited
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationsOfTemporaryToPermanentEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
      r437
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the carrying amount of a financial instrument subject to a registration payment arrangement recorded as temporary equity prior to adoption of FSP EITF 00-19-2 and the carrying amount reclassified to permanent equity upon the adoption of FSP EITF 00-19-2. Recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings. Does not apply to registration payment arrangements that are no longer outstanding upon adoption of FSP EITF 00-19-2.
        label: Reclassifications of Temporary to Permanent Equity
        negatedTerseLabel: Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible preferred stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationsOfTemporaryToPermanentEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofunrecognizedtaxbenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r496
      r497
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners, management, and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
        label: Related Party [Domain]
        terseLabel: Related Party [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r496
      r497
      r499
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party transaction.
        label: Related Party Transaction [Axis]
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Transaction between related party.
        label: Related Party Transaction [Domain]
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: [
      r496
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized resulting from transactions (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party.
        label: Related Party Transaction, Expenses from Transactions with Related Party
        terseLabel: Consulting fees, related party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r496
      r499
      r515
      r516
      r517
      r518
      r519
      r520
      r521
      r522
      r523
      r524
      r525
      r526
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include, but not limited to, affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners, management, and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
        label: Related Party [Axis]
        terseLabel: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
      r124
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Repayments of Lines of Credit
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayments on revolving credit line
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity, if longer).
        label: Repayments of Long-term Capital Lease Obligations
        negatedTerseLabel: Principal payments under finance lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 18.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Repayments of Long-term Lines of Credit
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayments on revolving credit facility
        terseLabel: Repayments on revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 22.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for the payment of debt classified as other, maturing after one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Repayments of Other Long-term Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment of equipment loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfOtherLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to repay long-term debt that is wholly or partially secured by collateral. Excludes repayments of tax exempt secured debt.
        label: Repayments of Secured Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment on term loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfUnsecuredDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to repay long-term debt that is not secured by collateral. Excludes repayments of tax exempt unsecured debt.
        label: Repayments of Unsecured Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment of Missouri Note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfUnsecuredDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r382
      r595
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
        label: Research and Development Expense
        terseLabel: Research and development expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption in which the reported facts about research and development expense have been included.
        label: Research and Development Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: Research and development expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r382
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
        label: Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Research and Development
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Research tax credit carryforwards arising from certain qualifying expenditures incurred to develop new products and processes.
        label: Research Tax Credit Carryforward [Member]
        terseLabel: Research and development tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of cash and cash equivalent. Cash is currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain]
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash, after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted stock units
        verboseLabel: Restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r256
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities, include facts and circumstances leading to the plan, the expected plan completion date, the major types of costs associated with the plan activities, total expected costs, the accrual balance at the end of the period, and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restructuring
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/Restructuring
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r246
      r250
      r254
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Charges
        terseLabel: Restructuring expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r252
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.
        label: Restructuring Reserve
        terseLabel: Accrued unpaid liabilities, contract termination
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of restructuring charges, remediation cost, and asset impairment loss.
        label: Restructuring, Settlement and Impairment Provisions
        terseLabel: Restructuring charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r299
      r373
      r548
      r570
      r575
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Accumulated deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r129
      r132
      r141
      r143
      r221
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r413
      r414
      r566
      r568
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181
      r182
      r193
      r197
      r198
      r202
      r203
      r205
      r311
      r312
      r511
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax
        terseLabel: Net revenues
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117
      r303
      r304
      r305
      r306
      r307
      r308
      r309
      r310
      r320
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtScheduleofdebtbalancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r489
      r494
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability
        terseLabel: Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash received on stock transaction after deduction of issuance costs.
        label: Sale of Stock, Consideration Received on Transaction
        terseLabel: Proceeds from IPO, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sale of the entity's stock, including, but not limited to, initial public offering (IPO) and private placement.
        label: Sale of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Sale of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction.
        label: Sale of Stock, Number of Shares Issued in Transaction
        terseLabel: Sale of stock, number of shares issued in transaction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction.
        label: Sale of Stock, Price Per Share
        terseLabel: Sale of stock, price per share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SaleOfStockPricePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with customer in which good or service is transferred directly to consumer.
        label: Sales Channel, Directly to Consumer [Member]
        terseLabel: Retail
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with customer in which good or service is transferred through intermediary.
        label: Sales Channel, Through Intermediary [Member]
        terseLabel: Foodservice
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelThroughIntermediaryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofnetrevenuesbyplatformandchannelDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r205
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
        terseLabel: Revenue Benchmark
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by Antidilutive Securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of components of income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r123
      r292
      r296
      r297
      r298
      r463
      r464
      r466
      r541
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of debt balances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of deferred tax assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of basic and diluted net loss per common share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented, in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years, with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs, including any profit thereon, included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
        label: Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Payments for Capital Leases [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of future maturities of capital lease liabilities (Topic 840)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of future maturities of operating lease liabilities (Topic 840)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r39
      r40
      r41
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of major classes of inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/AssetAcquisitionScheduleofallocationofpurchaseconsiderationDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of quarterly financial data
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r248
      r249
      r253
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs, such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of fair value assumptions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of RSU activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
      r118
      r163
      r164
      r286
      r289
      r290
      r292
      r293
      r294
      r296
      r297
      r298
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule detailing information related to equity by class of stock. Class of stock includes common, convertible, and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. It also includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity.
        label: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfStockByClassTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r394
      r410
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r187
      r188
      r189
      r190
      r191
      r192
      r203
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.
        label: Segment Reporting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Segment Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/QuarterlyResultsofOperationsUnauditedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r380
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling, general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series B preferred stock or outstanding series B preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series B Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series B
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesBPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series E preferred stock or outstanding series E preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series E Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series E
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesEPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesGPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series G preferred stock or outstanding series G preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series G Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series G
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesGPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesHPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series H preferred stock or outstanding series H preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series H Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series H
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesHPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r338
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life\u00a0(Years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r347
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Restricted stock price (in dollars per share)
        verboseLabel: Granted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Unvested, ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Unvested, beginning balance (in shares)
        terseLabel: Shares issued, unvested (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number of Shares of Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Unvested, ending balance (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Unvested, beginning balance (in dollars per share)
        verboseLabel: Fair value per share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life, Unvested (Years)
        verboseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        terseLabel: Vested (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r353
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Fair value of shares vested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Vested/Released (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r359
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
        terseLabel: Dividend yield
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleoffairvalueassumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleoffairvalueassumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleoffairvalueassumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of additional shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Shares authorized for issuance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant
        periodEndLabel: Shares available for grant, ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Shares available for grant, beginning balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life\u00a0(Years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r345
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
        terseLabel: Number of Stock Options, Vested and exercisable (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r345
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price, Vested and exercisable (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r353
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Exercised
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For presentations that combine terminations, the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
        verboseLabel: Stock options granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r344
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance (in shares)
        terseLabel: Stock options outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number of Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r343
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding, ending balance (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding, beginning balance (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of number, weighted-average exercise price or conversion ratio, aggregate intrinsic value, and weighted-average remaining contractual term for outstanding and exercisable options that are fully vested and expected to vest. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding and Exercisable [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of stock option activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Number
        terseLabel: Number of Stock Options, Vested and expected to vest (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average exercise price, at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance, for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price, Vested and expected to vest (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Issued in Period
        terseLabel: Shares issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r335
      r340
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofrestrictedstockandRSUactivityDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercised (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Cancelled/Forfeited (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Granted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: First portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche One [Member]
        terseLabel: First Anniversary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Second portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r337
      r341
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementEmployeeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Recipient, of award granted under share-based payment arrangement, over whom grantor exercises or has right to exercise sufficient control to establish employer-employee relationship based on law of pertinent jurisdiction. Includes, but is not limited to, nonemployee director treated as employee when acting as member of board of directors, if elected by grantor's shareholders or appointed to board position to be filled by shareholder election when existing term expires.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Employee [Member]
        terseLabel: Employee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedPaymentArrangementEmployeeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementNonemployeeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Recipient, of award granted under share-based payment arrangement, over whom grantor does not exercise nor has right to exercise sufficient control to establish employer-employee relationship based on law of pertinent jurisdiction. Excludes nonemployee director treated as employee when acting as member of board of directors, if elected by grantor's shareholders or appointed to board position to be filled by shareholder election when existing term expires.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonemployee [Member]
        terseLabel: Nonemployee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedPaymentArrangementNonemployeeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r338
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of vesting of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Rights, Percentage
        terseLabel: Vesting percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r357
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term
        terseLabel: Average expected term (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleoffairvalueassumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value, vested and exercisable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, vested and exercisable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, vested and expected to vest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Number of shares issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares used to settle grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation
        terseLabel: Shares withheld to cover taxes (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationSummaryofsharesavailableforgrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Packing and transport of product.
        label: Shipping and Handling [Member]
        terseLabel: Shipping and Handling
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShippingAndHandlingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r487
      r494
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of short-term lease cost, excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.
        label: Short-term Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Short-term lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesComponentsofleaseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchased software applications and internally developed software for sale, licensing or long-term internal use.
        label: Software and Software Development Costs [Member]
        terseLabel: Software
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r26
      r27
      r118
      r120
      r146
      r147
      r148
      r150
      r152
      r163
      r164
      r165
      r217
      r291
      r448
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r127
      r128
      r129
      r132
      r141
      r143
      r162
      r221
      r291
      r299
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r413
      r414
      r454
      r455
      r456
      r457
      r458
      r459
      r566
      r567
      r568
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r129
      r162
      r511
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r291
      r292
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock, net (in shares)
        verboseLabel: Number of common stock shares converted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockOwnershipPlan: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r27
      r291
      r299
      r378
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of capital stock issued (purchased by employees) in connection with an employee stock ownership plan.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Employee Stock Ownership Plan
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockOwnershipPlan
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of shares issued during the period, including shares forfeited, as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Restricted Stock Award, Gross
        terseLabel: Grant of restricted stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r27
      r291
      r299
      r346
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        negatedLabel: Exercised (in shares)
        terseLabel: Exercise of common stock options (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationScheduleofstockoptionactivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r291
      r299
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock, net
        verboseLabel: Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockOwnershipPlan: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r27
      r291
      r299
      r378
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate value of stock issued during the period as a result of employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Employee Stock Ownership Plan
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock under equity incentive plans, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeStockOwnershipPlan
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r27
      r291
      r299
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Restricted Stock Award, Gross
        terseLabel: Grant of restricted stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r291
      r299
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Exercise of common stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r27
      r291
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares
        negatedTerseLabel: Re-purchase of common stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r27
      r291
      r299
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
        negatedTerseLabel: Re-purchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r32
      r33
      r120
      r215
      r217
      r448
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        totalLabel: Total stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
      r299
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Deficit) and Convertible Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStock
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r300
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ratio applied to the conversion of stock split, for example but not limited to, one share converted to two or two shares converted to one.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note, Stock Split, Conversion Ratio
        terseLabel: Stock split, conversion ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure, which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r460
      r502
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r460
      r502
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Table]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r460
      r502
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r460
      r502
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r501
      r503
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SubsequentEvent
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Different names of stock transactions and the different attributes of each transaction.
        label: Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee, Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table]
        terseLabel: Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee, Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of sale of the entity's stock.
        label: Sale of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Sale of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficitParenthetical
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Subsidiary, Sale of Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Subsidiary, Sale of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IntroductionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by specific tax credit related to an unused tax credit.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name of the tax credit carryforward.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A listing of tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income including descriptions, amounts, expiration dates, limitations on use and the related deferred tax assets and valuation allowances.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Table]
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, attributable to parent, of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Carrying Amount, Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
      r287
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share amount of par value or stated value of stock classified as temporary equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable.
        label: Temporary Equity, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of securities classified as temporary equity that are permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Convertible preferred stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/StockholdersEquityDeficitandConvertiblePreferredStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
        label: Temporary Equity, Shares Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of new stock classified as temporary equity issued during the period.
        label: Temporary Equity, Stock Issued During Period, Value, New Issues
        terseLabel: Issuance of Series G preferred stock, net of issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TemporaryEquityStockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofConvertiblePreferredStockandStockholdersEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
      r210
      r211
      r212
      r214
      r216
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r132
      r133
      r134
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r366
      r367
      r368
      r369
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r373
      r411
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r512
      r513
      r514
      r564
      r565
      r566
      r567
      r568
      r569
      r570
      r571
      r572
      r573
      r574
      r575
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amendment to accounting standards.
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/LeasesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/RestructuringDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnconditionalPurchaseObligationCategoryOfGoodsOrServicesAcquiredDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r258
      r260
      r261
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: General description of the goods or services to be purchased from the counterparty to the unconditional purchase arrangement.
        label: Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Category of Goods or Services Acquired [Domain]
        terseLabel: Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Category of Goods or Services Acquired [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnconditionalPurchaseObligationCategoryOfGoodsOrServicesAcquiredDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
      r391
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
        periodEndLabel: Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year
        periodStartLabel: Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofunrecognizedtaxbenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r392
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        negatedTerseLabel: Increases/Decreases related to prior year positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofunrecognizedtaxbenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r393
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Increases related to current year positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleofunrecognizedtaxbenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r258
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example, as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
        terseLabel: Purchase order commitment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r258
      r260
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pertinent information about unrecorded unconditional purchase arrangements to acquire goods or services, by category of goods or services. arrangements to acquire goods or services, by category of goods or services.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation by Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
        terseLabel: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation by Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r167
      r168
      r169
      r170
      r176
      r177
      r178
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Management\u2019s Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset.
        label: Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Increase (Decrease), Amount
        terseLabel: Increase in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/IncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.
        label: Variable Rate [Axis]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.
        label: Variable Rate [Domain]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VehiclesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used primarily for road transportation.
        label: Vehicles [Member]
        terseLabel: Vehicles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VehiclesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentSummaryofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleofpropertyplantandequipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Axis]
        terseLabel: Vesting [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Domain]
        terseLabel: Vesting [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ShareBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Security that gives the holder the right to purchase shares of stock in accordance with the terms of the instrument, usually upon payment of a specified amount.
        label: Warrant [Member]
        terseLabel: Preferred stock warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofantidilutivesecuritiesexcludedfromcomputationofearningspershareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput: {
     auth_ref: [
      r439
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of input used to measure outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur.
        label: Warrants and Rights Outstanding, Measurement Input
        terseLabel: Measurement input
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMeasurementInput
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r439
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period between issuance and expiration of outstanding warrant and right embodying unconditional obligation requiring redemption by transferring asset at specified or determinable date or upon event certain to occur, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Warrants and Rights Outstanding, Term
        terseLabel: Expected term (in\u00a0years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleoffairvaluevaluationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of dilutive potential common shares or units used in the calculation of the diluted per-share or per-unit computation.
        label: Weighted Average Number Diluted Shares Outstanding Adjustment
        terseLabel: Dilutive effect of stock equivalents resulting from stock options, RSUs, common stock warrants, preferred stock warrants and convertible preferred stock (as converted) (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
      r152
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        totalLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding\u2014diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS).
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted
        terseLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding\u2014basic and diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
      r152
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding\u2014basic (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.beyondmeat.com/role/NetLossPerShareAvailabletoCommonStockholdersEPSScheduleofbasicanddilutednetlosspercommonshareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 10
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (27)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4304-108586
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4313-108586
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4332-108586
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(d))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(e)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(24))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(m)(1)(iii))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 23
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21914-107793
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21930-107793
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21711-107793
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(25))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21728-107793
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(4)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22595-107794
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(26))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22658-107794
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22663-107794
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1278-109256
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 55
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e2626-109256
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109243012&loc=SL65017193-207537
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120380238&loc=d3e3842-109258
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120380238&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121640914&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 272
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6828210&loc=d3e70191-108054
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 272
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6828210&loc=d3e70229-108054
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 272
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70434-108055
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 272
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70478-108055
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8672-108599
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 31
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8924-108599
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e4975-111524
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(23))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=SL6953423-111524
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5212-111524
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5033-111524
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5093-111524
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(3)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(4)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599878&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599337&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599337&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599337&loc=SL82919230-210447
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.BB)
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387103&loc=d3e6435-108320
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.A)
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011391&loc=d3e105025-122735
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121558832&loc=d3e400-110220
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175745
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25383-109308
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14394-108349
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14453-108349
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14472-108349
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121555522&loc=d3e12021-110248
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121555522&loc=d3e12053-110248
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68068213&loc=d3e12565-110249
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109126253&loc=d3e4724-112606
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 40
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117329964&loc=d3e12317-112629
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 40
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117329964&loc=d3e12355-112629
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109262497&loc=d3e20148-110875
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (CFRR 211.02)
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=SL6540498-122764
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65888546&loc=d3e21300-112643
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21553-112644
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21484-112644
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21488-112644
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 4.C)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187143-122770
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6784392&loc=d3e188667-122775
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130561-203045
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130563-203045
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130563-203045
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130564-203045
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 705
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122478
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(i)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (n)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6412939&loc=d3e15145-114933
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 60
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66047640&loc=d3e39622-114963
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 70
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=d3e29149-114947
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 80
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326096&loc=SL116886442-113899
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326096&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326096&loc=d3e4549-113899
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=SL79508275-113901
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120383193&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120383193&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109244457&loc=d3e16649-113920
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(5))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 730
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32059-109318
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32672-109319
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32705-109319
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32857-109319
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 217
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121610041&loc=d3e36027-109320
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(3)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.C)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330215-122817
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120385591&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 270
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424409&loc=d3e44925-109338
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)-(d)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909625&loc=d3e227-128457
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=d3e5291-111683
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590274&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590274&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120519210&loc=d3e90193-114008
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)(2)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19279-110258
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116690757&loc=SL116692626-108610
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75031198&loc=d3e14064-108612
  }
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120253306&loc=d3e28228-110885
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121605123&loc=d3e30226-110892
  }
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240200&loc=d3e30690-110894
  }
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450222&loc=d3e30840-110895
  }
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900
  }
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32618-110901
  }
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175825
  }
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (Note 3)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121580752&loc=d3e38371-112697
  }
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121549951&loc=d3e39896-112707
  }
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121573735&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121573735&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121569800&loc=d3e45023-112735
  }
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121616839&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121616839&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121329987&loc=SL77916155-209984
  }
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918631-209977
  }
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918638-209977
  }
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918638-209977
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918666-209980
  }
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(4)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 53
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121568110&loc=SL77918982-209971
  }
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=77888251
  }
  r496: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r497: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r498: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r499: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r500: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 852
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120604989&loc=d3e56071-112765
  }
  r501: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r502: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r503: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  }
  r504: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r505: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r506: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r507: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r508: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r509: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19,20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r510: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 910
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119991564&loc=SL119991595-234733
  }
  r511: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.L)
   Topic: 924
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856
  }
  r512: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r513: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r514: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r515: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  }
  r516: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  }
  r517: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  }
  r518: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  }
  r519: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r520: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  }
  r521: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 33
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  }
  r522: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 33
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  }
  r523: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 35A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  }
  r524: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 35A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  }
  r525: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  }
  r526: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  }
  r527: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r528: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r529: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r530: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r531: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r532: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r533: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.15(3))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r534: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r535: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r536: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r537: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(26))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r538: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(27))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r539: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r540: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-05(b)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399901&loc=d3e537907-122884
  }
  r541: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r542: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r543: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r544: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r545: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r546: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r547: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r548: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r549: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r550: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r551: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r552: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.17)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r553: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r554: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(22))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r555: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(23))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r556: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r557: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(9))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r558: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r559: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121643868&loc=SL117782755-158439
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r560: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r561: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r562: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r563: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117819544-158441
  }
  r564: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r565: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r566: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r567: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r568: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r569: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r570: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(i)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r571: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r572: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r573: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r574: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r575: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (h)(2)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r576: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r577: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.6-04.12(3))
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401414&loc=d3e603758-122996
  }
  r578: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402547&loc=d3e617274-123014
  }
  r579: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 450
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491354&loc=d3e6049-115624
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.28,29)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r580: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 450
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491354&loc=d3e6052-115624
  }
  r581: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r582: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99779-112916
  }
  r583: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99893-112916
  }
  r584: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=SL120174063-112916
  }
  r585: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column B))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r586: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column C))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r587: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column D))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r588: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column E))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r589: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column F))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r590: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column G))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r591: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column H))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r592: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column I))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r593: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r594: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r595: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r596: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r597: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-23
  }
  r598: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r599: {
   Name: Form 10-K
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 310
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6787-107765
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r600: {
   Name: Form 20-F
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 220
   Subsection: f
  }
  r601: {
   Name: Form 40-F
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 240
   Subsection: f
  }
  r602: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1
  }
  r603: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r604: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226024-175313
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL34724394-108580
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(24))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(25))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(8))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.3)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.8)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}








begin 644 0001655210-21-000032-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( %&85*RNSLZ0J,$ +)7+0 1    8GEN9TR
#(P
3(S
2YH



MY\&L_@S[2]B
30SK?)5E45W'Z_*/Q&\S_?%!ECM)'!SYG!<[G8(/73!CA(0K0XN-J
MZ0KC]














AON@%;..KO


2 NNR
[OFWW_L
MAG[J$:50GR



-E6V42)RCK'R(6:

DHM)7FFC3& 5=/0VU

MFOQZCZ
B/:8F/5\T56U^H:JM/3+!/G3[Q
VPW2_F7+=?)#9=#YT7?^QM[3VO


M^#$Y!M&A;9N47!N0J
L;[]M&.2^XY)8I]N )_ C)&  F+)
JD)
@.%HR%[2R
MG$NT
@MY9BQ


M

MHKB

!FT@\G83[_LDZUP

)34U6!C9
ML4LP]-/X^OATX'5;Z+




RBDR B9UP]GJI^DS=.M]T



Y9F#)C_6&-([$SEC
MEF2XSLD9



M55H?///[U=CW&@*3*'E;)&]-M@C&1\N82.0-J )75+;Q
$WFO5X./0W1\-ST



;#M* 0XOP0LBAY
$(Z


M+#J$.#_( )SVQ#V)9PE2JB!M
9\RF0XA1)L6



 TR?-?'3H&,/ @VV4.KD7\5VIU-Y4N<(4%L(H3CB9HB9HECG</
MT
5
$X$W&]TIP++*OAO4.;@=QC \)K*SWSC;;%)R&EMT@OG.CTJX- M]K(
MF49GL-

MH7/ZEE.@C4Y.(G60DA6I]M5#F15:_)


MS@\AQS0JBR[K8$&)X+G@.0;/@M
NY2;

27 5

_% TWB
M&#'S*)DQP(0*W




_O^8G74

9:
2[KGTB






-4H/@4BJDX+G*+D=(PE@!

E7N$#F/




- 

MC-+*W*2]EI8A)6TA.RM9K20J\MYDP+(HSG'5-E3!D$$_A9#M323MD_JS%5


M/9P.XGB!BP[.J(:




 %UW3TY+I.PT

M>^B51HIPHT%K7PKQ9@&*&Y]

GM&WF7TOFQJG

CMD

9Y&X&@%$&Z9)$W


;[/FDHU/

M3
-[B;Q$A+P0 SF&8$O!LAQ EJU00D3

MC.9D)9

LF&Y$!EK



1JX@^^AXSDPX[:PFJ=&([5+O:6M)[0D1T6@E
MP#






VPKFGKR4


MK/KAH!Y-J.].+D!T

\]YD6U4[VJ

M








M!\S!H)JB4N




M*_FR3.X4Z3O)R]EP:TR


MD4.2



MB5*6U9M1&X @ ^.9$1
9HQ
C=KJK #\]J.BNDYIAL\/U_GX]_'Q+F4T+@%IH

UB8.'LN.39I[ 4 &HI%VB0
^S8!JCER%H)SGB2%Z



#:!=]]CH&4]9&1:3OF/2[NTPCP]]C=1N=GC. R3]TVQ
M*))/!$N01H4


XYX?U(-J?#!![GEU5(X:PV(L*)]=S#:3+I/H$LN0@:-6/F9P=XS%


M+HIT(]-5-\(WS@9F9-,@@
HHLZ%I//EP4-+

N0J1L@*
MO)&6CG142@;OH^7\CO'
Q
^=NKC#P72Q7'
6* :M+;&12 HYY%):DRLGN$^8


 Z

MZ:_88C([YC3C046RN8/C]#F@
0*3-(@-HJ'?&T@0&H2#H*64$


9S[!L)(4X8@7



'JS((28TP4I;JID(
M;
 2NWL*;+8


EY5%Y;A6AU5@U*

%



ML9?VPLF)!9Y1* 1CI3


MU!P%A\QRSD*+YV?%!X*SGKN@)R':)(0

?
MC241K6

W;






:-

M$MZ3[X+)E[-S(O4[TI?-1_IB
$P0O:IL

_
;MR21*%VZ
M%!(P-8SI2.WFI$Y:V23EITLP








:(S!:&VR#%D;P[-I[KJN6X)BCD:&$ 8D



S-_.87I&)8
VJOW09@_AV-^@68;P6JK?.3.E#K#
M/F@=77(\8L@V^N;/NMVJB%O,S!L!:+)ACN5(\@VR2S(P5,)0J]8 VJ@+IZG


-R8G;Q[/O9YW+UU7Z-)*D?A4I.)CL:25W5FDN'$8R


EO


:F2C?Q'Y8^J


ME!GG1^!7IK


?IL4-<#Z* H*

M^DO37ZD+'4022A@A0( .W&422%FJIV1ECV;%CQ=6E8.[NFH71TS15N%YK^

VYT




\



B!@B-JJ][AXEC
4I%).:BSRI$#J 10A+1!A%(A-AD8Z/V:+W+
MQ+$0M2)!
RF=XY*B(9;SSU9IXJ.5!S]%ZM72.#[XLR;J55(';5B(R68P
M
0

M92R%!:B((+@)5.%.6\BD,L1O,Q@2#983O2@+Z^\)66R#!GD/\]3
ZG@JYA



TNDJ2U1I/U8




:TG&:W?_T]
/)J4?C]/4Y9Q\Z]NW3



:MLL1%M9XPVPG!-7#YYP

3?E:W][JK[XZ[JSMBXT6'_G;[&ZOO#C=6MWO=
MS7AZS7MZEAIL;^[W-ZA/W;W71_1SV.UWJ(_K;&-U[9.UEE';$%W<P7HO7F7

-7:]
M(7@^K%OC76SE:D1@M([1URTD)SN=&0






M(_H(DK$V@0!M8%ZUK8;8YH(KADS&Y
.#)T+3*6N4

G5NO+G/37FY1WDZT[7NT.


M:TRM_8-Z=%#FJ\9#


MP]5/;G;GO[G9V

F!B6OB67M

M;[XHZQ^9R[E6F9$;&Y[EGI\\M82.N0@36=U(AV Z)4G&_J?.BS_Z&ZMD[&^^


MOBD*B?&6#\C?G=%N7#^]'_8.!F-?3Y8/UZ/?3R^=?

FN[7&'$R
J<(8)*]_6H\)I&-/9+!]7!0(J]XQ9^





M?RN^#MV.?(


M!3R4QLP] Y8]5$[?1 :LF[[F7&\K[$/GKI=8N_@Q$ ^-N%YN\;+4S?TUB7?S






MWE-A:AY.@'IZ
**.C9HY\72KYN'QR\UW7[93L$(J9@/9@LRU@4??#I'%MI4^

M6P

&'^*7.1*@)2T+
MQ%Y=%4E% CI:K1!Y[VC: B;T]/YIQ']QD=;CE&Y[\.I]X5:
?[IW]#YZ? 
M'=D?'3\$6


U%Q6K(%A8P MH'].A*
 R*YV

M9

2ON3'KWG#/2B[[LR
MEX/7-=E7_9/X('TTG9X\0;3BY/3)T9-T[



/CDT</'S^9
M/'[\SZ/[7]F/YGX-ENG,'8QKE[X[X/R35I<T7E!C]5XM#14G9I':('Z&=_J
M5K90/#VD*?U-A^/^(=GH-XY]?71(#M?O.')'#];.W
-/(ZOZ
*CHX4WD-[=O







M'2:OF#CM12FT)'3/O7Z]6RM]='*+$$Y[R





9VGX\.@K^\TN]GNX=23_/U:M S5%
Y-0I$=YNBRUP#_@U^K4)?JPDU
M/MI3!YUS%BXMM5T/-])Q=






M !@(BY9
W$V=AR&IEZN\*/@NI9O0
VE;T$32'=


M&PG]HVK
&=NER!<YGME6WWR<._A+KBE5 ]X\<7E/8N<AU^XR_2#/_?G


^#[@!.DR2
M/]212.;M2==



W*DDPGI=PMXH$O*TRFHA;2-E
MR64BZ

Q[?[TWQSISDGNX86EI8OS6AY&M?7#F&M

/&+WE#TX6Z#?=K=H-K1I8Y32]+ [3139=Y
M&V9:#AL7%RW225WY!51MNE^)&UH)

MU=55.]]/^@T*

G7#N.0&'U72NN
+BI<TRQO&
MKZ[' 65V&J*F!#_2S9&

'R$Y5V

&K-33L@(%A^;\G#COIG)4Z1]0UW


MB=AMQ(@JQ%#KHY0. FCKMJ@KRO8:.('WU_/L_+U&^^'QUBM^ST;G0?X]?S




M



MK;JR6DD!_*[+#EKH)AA[^_7\$K$(9BYU*M3
=HLL__TJ?!Y$[C#\0M?7+H-1
M
 *\_AVYQYJD


MIQ?7]I$EO8(M! 7'T\&2RKG@\*IM3HO(@F^_AI\]




Z4_]L/ F%99;R_

M?O
%RCQ:4JBE


R2D-I[IM+2+EGX7[*;]!BQDR


MX8.*]-9






MP881=7M]]#F

M5(1_&CDF BN:T(E 83-;?[!H/^):
F$*1(5G:5Z21[NW!6[2%AAMSGZ8=;@M

%Z%25=.?'NBL(IUVR-NB(S/]@';=RD9DJ[C(0J)__W









*]!UI#3HJ]

__AP[








MX*:Q6T?.)^XUKZZ29@$[DH/'W

MCOAWY.S/\RG/&^^(];6!.[V&940M((W#AH_B
QG%U+H%X8Y*ER=UY-\D\VZ!



V8'H8\\AIN
[B+M




MPN^]
R4BR]29%
F/V$-C[H



M=9#.:;@8
 A^Y4O;9E'$ZF 0.DKB*%

M@+3QW21%:8(2ETI:XQ]5





MI!9/2
_*2LZZ&5DZN@Y7OJ
R[









TL*)B9X&DP006@FKO0W0_X.]LB*
P&#R;

8D@/F31W^
J,;4^F
M,VXH%?ZS4.=-.CCW+.780?7N?:5Y%B#42=&/6)&_6Z%C+4B&<G!E-HW.(QZ






M[+X7__A)B5R-]35+!H@ADF]%Y]2S]7$QWM4NZ^U
&4W8RAKY]1B@J7(IR%SV

KEM#.2$G




63 U-\$NIL;M]0]XLRS3!ER9:&WB0(6U8
MAM DFY$%6:P'W


M'858M2I&

,7T@VM:0M
M,I5A*=#L-;X5&/-]E4XCI;2T9 $QCD29JMUB7&4Y9[(Q&EEV 2L#[F%5BQP_
M <Z(/H(I0JL)J^:2PUN<OGA' A!-+!\G%;(




MATE[5;&2X#YKH7)[B!B)&!QCZ C357G]8[PNAFB

M10K\A*-DAF4=*=+5!Y\D^:T@4*U;L4+=9]A]$0XG'BY0$%QQB4B@%.7'&R@\

42[ A
MAN7WKQS8G+L.LI-B/U@YS@LL7=KO

M83=MY!D7TD3 %B*X)QJD:1RY@VD;^HJRLLK'F]D&[*\9JY%$LP2+*P/D+
M%L 64YO4'GB#4!)K7]H8E]K ]\JEERX^Q!)B3O&P&IDQDVPN
NZNT$+!?D#N

M+@C(#X+-UFR




MJ]54+6E%L1:
?J=LY^3*I&#C2I8=*)=@I$7X^A!WQFZ''S]AG _+;Q]I&I%=

6
X_V:\DN \=6V<C
HW)R-7 8TT&YN!-DE;&NG=(E&PH#DI;
M7QSD.RNH[


_3HK*#[N-H:A=ZP!G]SB$6QR:/8I?(
M?'9\3CTP9KQ*0N-[^ZW8P!L14A9)G))8T?H&Y

MX9.@;+?;5MG-#!;VW'?UI_$[_^&FBB5W\R:*85CDFXR-8VORHQ#[GW;P3(





#@()W/%

KQ';





96



M&X]9.*T^I9FG@6V-372=NR;Q61VJY$)2PT-1TVWI$GSB[/D++019!^*76+

NF?(


ML%7N][(


(IZG&0(H?GHS! 2U2&;M!6

MK/'NAK64*OBQ
^?]43KX=6EQSA[1=UQC(PT[6)O_1L8SNPVP2% K[\KJJG#9
MS$GR83(?F F^9J+Y+94Z%@#U'-[+?.G8:PL0R48(4CP]GFAW.-[L2QI$BHR4



M-I2\YH$F?T91VCBB:7!HB0H!A'%,3$^SC5?)!U



YNX3TU#PDV+#GM8
M0_
;$N3S*K3F]OA
A0+M# SBEA@2V]#L2F:0O/:-C+[7E6Q(902'\*E4'IR)
M8W&NL=M=683O52E+7'H8ZV0IKRAA9EYGRUL%L A#$M[S?D=9A.3CV=F2
Y


M
@U T8KB:U=+)]PE&XNH I8K93-


MGN0NF8&\T=ZZ=+$K DZ#C(5E)SDJ689HE[ZV\^^Y.^),.QA\IJT7WXBZZ
M6E$4CUC9,=WJ)L7%_,U;7HVX/@AYW,TZ O3^ I5E8@#-DNF@A10=N8F('U
MY
P.[45(.





M'64]I#B;T&.Q9X]5W:6&
R;3-5B23WMX;&DSZ *G9?_BG:#\H\%KK#;T*O8U


TIT4-=_K@VCXQ@AHISG+N

W.)HWGI
K*@V;CC2O?





ZS107W
&
DII[(HXU:QM+YVV1!Z6WN)7(4*






Q+@C?$H28A\(
H_@1&;*269V'D+

?_&IN21+R+

5\




+IP;7Z]C4G].@)U2]P7!T)ALI'^





M][EX3*&T%UJ@9[_@UZV)G55@Z]4RM%7NBLRF
+JCB'9NYYEFOZ!;)Z.3;#*M
M;86!K



GK7*^DUE'5?

S98_



@*!X:4('?7A=2'
1'U75TN1\<(X8M8<M^IWO:=!*NMU



JP)-T.JJ(&%CU*?DO3@/&;&H90P?/:\[


MRJ2^8D0D9Z[


M@6%_O88LO4'YXE.)M=




M4UGTH'/[-_I]O?HX;IPE2  ' K_U30'_C.2NA_6RH/7U79YQ4I'PUHS]!R

MY+Z-&U_HYYIKGFCO;UF9HZ/HF&RHR.Z=#+'E/C!M=N?''WWCP^09R+H_XLQM

M I^R_ 



_

M67@VE+?'&_FE:ZW;8@^2IU7U?SIZ\.#PL?6 '4$ 'MU_=/CPSR-IGP1@3&C7


MR&HCDDK(:^=Z5PZ00150*!:'T=?6ZD
62ZW''/!CGOS9

MM3A1=7J5X$!BB*$6[HK;=5A045






1AC:QFF3
M1Y2-;+\(2YZ@)-,+ :_('DP9:FC \$?U&&5H
LH408+9\X+Y&%4DREE\@=

MNX\AO#.W*.5!)-1E-AE.W#$%HGQK7T5;%0I.Z3F8X(-)NN,F$34'!TJOT L
MO DMT:\RHO%A1G

96IXHM5S4

M^=)[1[V07:.Z&N:K7.IUIMPUHN/:--MVIRC:GTWT('R(-B

M):0-\AQ9#6ZKE
^J&DP:.)996F=-M$@+1Q;*\^AU:8_16\E4@]Z0M[0V9XQ;

MWZW?
5M:W_J&D-Q^JM#@)BRCFHN5/9

MO4.EY2]C KK;-^C-SL%9$]%.DAQ9VK[JT^F9$$PC
E8(R#2BRX*F]CHZYR3Y

KC.NLL(WD&

M_0&

\L(YAQ+5A6/94IT0QUT'D_




 =K
MXBL&8EB3





M!]19400_G5U)L@H;DM9^PX@L3(E!R!_24@_$_

:*O6*R-4
N(
MX:'?)4+.QJ: HY2=H(%
&MFYDS?JS8BCF:XLYE.8CKQEM /7[CR%_(8I1M7Z




MVCBLU[7BUOE=T%33]BH55Q\M2M[1C*5DV]/N9ORSM1K@
@D_EV;OJ\WL;1H)
M



MW40V%7-3Z43W&7.T1CS#$=Q9=/!ZBU)V$2:_

W5*R#0'


M:TG 2NA

M]OC

QN:8:'Y)9HLX*[

\2CV6%\-@WFTI1

B



M8O\
#0CI4)K'


MX&8LI(=DFCL6_ D4C/9^6.:
Q6LLMJ
RC6\4L#HJ1P@(?7:%6DM#F*C&@OQ
MK11G[QJ0#8H





M-VX).N:-DZ+]!.W(E5[GRGQ*?^9[T9IH+S5SA'ODLJ0E!V^$*C4&:B(NCV\G

Y0



M[RY&R6M7@Q%4J0#?KAK5'#__#8V-N^5('21ML#M



[KU








+5U[%]Z6+/:#25J/J_DJJ[F4#)\TW2RM
M)8FAG1

*L;CJU

LRW'1W6)*1G< 8
MJABU





MM# D5#KFOWH J/#S%-D YJ\)E3.\L8^^N26(^(QUCH6

J&4/4!([1S&5









6
SM]@W_T[
H*!FCEP:C:2'TH)I7X8I1-+9YG\-@






MTL0@(5((LSE

M@SFH0/-&^I#X$RU]U99HI.=LUX2^J)J7BUBE?Q
X\O;/E*+) !6;K\B3+S%?



XM

V;YN+&(1PXUA3TRI


MYE-A[[=TDDP@





M9&]C9KU7RNV58F

9OGVO:7&5@*R^TRA ZO
MBAE4UFW&R.?


?.F&


M
YSWEF&8TE42)0]@Z9

MVLE^ 06]'QD:M;9S*(?S




V




BLF])I
&7L
3<_%2)!$T:(_FDM_$4EG55.*7C


M4@XK-W!L\(;9%
VQ@N$P37-!=7)]%-SOGC7KK?%HJFPB1]:69(HV0W+[H%'\

MK??P%]%\]@
YF0 'L&322U1R8MP(0;/W38H0B\AK
C#?
Q.NL4?Y9IHC;3\$

TQT
H'-N-;8*@'+8V'1?:*ZF6





P6
MC8Q_PB/

M*JZX_2+2UY

3T=M;*HDZ

1&F%UM?@/VBF\S/X-&[&M+O

M+)F%F+XS3F)08;9ZM_/V8T9?HH'CU-T]6 YEZY2;VC%?FAFE6CY'MK5C-*
MGM%R_(PU^9^JHV]A%K]EV56]@[ \+V ;3^3#YQW'8VGF7DOYE

1



FWGS


E4&_/P
MQRM18^AR.+F%.WQ;R?6

MO:/8(6OD3CXU9V(]!_%6])YL!
7='L='H&OQ.(P;

M)H]!IJO9


+!K'%Y
B-3-1Z

D3-B&?'Z TF78WL/TGG:NAP1:@94 =]

P1)GYP)

CI\


I[^F\4T[@;V YFZ1-Z#7


?^V)]\YN3I C8T

MG


P Y*-H[%ZZQO$=B;E9



0)7C(HG']7;=J8DEA





GVNUHZE



M2[

VFC
F[EW';3:31KM'7R65X*0[V$6D=J$;.R


/52


D)<N\/582/S=5Q

M&/I^A#E;MCVE-


SLQ.#TYU65 N2M%E9,,/


Q]TJJ9H0G !)WX






K0))WGZP*!DFWG)1XM[#V^^?M3FXD_628TH4D\RD_60%H
(0O


]T:+9'&L^I?G[?@Q3??KP[
%#*ZB\EOSLX^4


%H6N$I$%&/W%U7DHYYO2C
1G](W\ (9WZQ4<?PRG&PQ#^F'Z@CK/[<O1X?T#91H&!


MP ?M5!Z%GCY[([^/^4G%_NB:44-R
0R[O_[E+V2/@IM]$IR.H]F?SQK 9CM7

/J+9#Z
?FSA9


IRCQ (-KCTD 1%
T@Z
M:P(2PW*)XE.#%C-:D.&












M-!=O_MW-EJ@W_Y:5U[ET7*;A\#$E?-G^]^Q:LNOGRV*_?W'8=.D*S]D ;T=5

MSY=Q/ZBT$D%-'*]W:KVR+J4H#BS'Q-BI\0[.'0IAP2MKA);9!55\OV#R&.Q*

MMY4'I*1#N&1/@8947.77[IS^$C_MQ\7Q\'\X2(CCA%4H627KJZ5_EI?D
M'8$6W_7&MWH@&G%)1@.DJ8'KZ1*6) 6O:N4I)&.%0U=9MHW6*73'7I3&OC

9!TR7^$C\OC!.!/Y
MH!P?'?W[ 7$/58MZLVG CHZ PW.=1G*;;=U#%R/\F4Y Y=*@P+#<1.K'1!HE
M.:S#A)


MZY+5(Y273(;*Y%&]_WT82^JDUX.]23YM1U
/RE*AAC_X4@#0J\2XKDJ..V


V$]5
M29;OG9X8!//ZF=KLA3TCF-ZR9[XQJJ424N.L]1=D]I704QQ:NO(6TG )&D
M^
9

QQS[ ;L4=2J7\70
MG8-M4@;&I0&N[U+5OZ'#X*

F4) #)9(CG[
M5$_Y

//00B'OJI8


M#+A[-







S63MCE'8GL3%P\17V-V=G'M

MBBPZ-;.^)J0XD\*0XU0W[


\@ZT?3






XAPIXE!&NIMI3U=L#AZLQ+$?RLT
7F2



77N8
M#+ISMB^CS61H=XDQ41K!0X



M
@.9?:Y\:$8%HQ9^;-@$MB;+!S4UW+V\HN=
OXS).6;:G@&Y99M?-A#8I-

7P\/)IO5%

[
IQV9Y44V2W2H9F2]Q&T(/0O$V.3;)P@T^




E+THVB5:EBJV+1/*H@&60LAJ6N[77+57XA=O6 N*3UD
MN!DA):_-OD=N:X7XT _5-['G]N(?RARK
/I[';KO1LCAM298[+#'*12!W



M
/6RCV1

M4WQ2U?V6IH





[9J_B3DN'
JW/9+RD
MSE$YK]KSK@Q;6E7$@U^CAX#0J&7]HY.Y@G\JGBEF*W+-.H.?LKK^)6_E@






M#K=9B'Q]$?3OML]8'2U)3?
5Q!


MH

//IF8!J2^53:6X=P0%O^:ZQ7H$VUW&)R %Z4$:$\


M-\RJ[X'HOG)29AS8[I/QZW(\#P6('['L#AR6.G%LA?2FBWV#
8E'&H$#
MJZ21!P+D*9Q5 FC7+LX0E5-^.ZGZ);N*]A'E0Z@ 0#W66^Y/ZFQ+]0=3QE@!
B9:-F_B@KY7'8^:M2JGLA[6[R@.^]@HN<M- A]'XY#K
800?'#Z\.1C*_L#/#PBY
OXA=B
6&SYZJO14)L+9Q3Z[I'
M9+NRFX\_!O
'%+VK:6'


#VF-V$O[-#UT

M+! ICP+0QE5
0BQC6N%1





M
=

B1GMJT9#%$H.O];A9TV;%F/24^%ER
MABD




MC4N^(AEA[@J@


M\
ZLZ2=Y9




M-T1)U!FP(GT^DR8=$B_6BLQ/.L-












M/J-.?\#\K!U\-6'0PM#MD$LX*GH140

M&GZ@#GZ[B2^$TKCT6I;N4\%8OJJJW=S$5LUY22HH)/LAK75IHZ&9&3/]XH@+




K0E9?E9LSR4I.C

] 8HMDPRMP=;9V3%Q+60'
AL7.?

M:SRRP*-Q77[I?D1_9NJ[MZ
XH&F]1M-.HK8CR+BU&V(J3%;%+ *;2S-YM\7!


MJ






MLH/3F$?;% A-^ZFF&[@#(&YWIRLJS0]BCSGCTRMCNH6K*P]S29-!7X6CNJ97
M


VRT1%
MI-^+$@V 



0(N: 9





G=R


MQZ
J9


M-EX$ZR$3'
7'J

MI17R*DQB11N%5(N04UH*#Y.AUPWS /D4IRTHW(@^Y)Y589BB../T:$L$SUS/
M1'.R=&]NZYL-KT\6Q-=GE1V H6EGMX#]B!4LFY(]PXM0A0JM%30S'
FAIV

MUK#7^W.Q*\NUT*_H8

M4


M62
-@]4365YDN:Y@!)T* Y
\1])K7WE+^?



M!JQ-56Z5F$6\DP1&[$52)?CQ^4%H-_CZLI[/9I1@F=/.PSD+G?S'UAX&$[



%Z)B[L[+!B]A4
+2'=)HW'2A8$2V)<6&UT?6NI,5!)_<5=!NDT%Z=,_7 7I=[7D
M# B7,B\WI4W6JWUQ_F1& G:R6Y




]Y.X.J@IAG-^(^N=H[.;SQ)^E'HBSGZ76W'/U;9/&_ SF

M+1C

M]Y






M&'(!TA1R)=M %2^)*+; L$17(Q\W;_R^1MGQ2\+&
);G:8LJ7+%X0=1Y*T5_
M/+FHJ_7B:\ E:.4_IRU==9H@JO2#_J[F=:N:UV=W-:]?LEL0;IU5:/JLM\9'


2NG!( ?6<N(+1: U
ME[HM^C;-VYK5@T*%$FC.G: INIHA7#\C:1=E<*HMU.P=.)]) Y :5#CB@[9



GA/:E*:7

-UE$F1'V:3G<#C4KDWE4HU-;$GH''E2ZQ^-
M6,KP1LV,Y7)<+66XA O:#VT314[TG6
YNO
7K8



9D

O#0?2.9O.N7


M2;]@=N.#ROC%GOZ+*ESG\

M%LT&S4#T55@P*]2=*:
1+:6F'EQ/:*U;


B;&VYYN*K= +7UH@(Y&#Y-G$[)!R4
MM
;5;FX907?0YYYQR9%3




ML0FS'5R+9?AD@W+TNG*V(H3]_KMRX@Q[4XOD%##S=NAY- -Z\@5IEZB.H-TB







M4?Z.H35LPQ%S5GAU0AEI:&!MR1'2%E\ $Z#%V'4'F2J979D0N@X*CS(55.NC
M-7-5BC+51=@K)XNOYG?6X08



M9;Z\)#(P



M
EZ_RG0HQC)RF]!!I[6







B=#1P_



M&
4J1K!SN-?7+[\)EH4LWO*(^@DAN ;T3[)KXK'K=^!-0Q#+S^E@+)Y(:2.Y


M!PF[ZR06PWE-5C1=SM+

(/1
JCLH


M
P?J&^=4QV5



I6]RRW0M92_7472*M4?N%]XC0K
M9'/5J0OF9I9@:(Z TABQ9PIOE)H)034'97&&$M)YSJE1D3XJM+NY'*5?:NP


M=:

3





@;0F4=;1#33T;@R+RLF3H0QHM?A/CPV
T3GGRPI$#MV=5XU@]/E
M5[G

-TERXCAR]

/%T3W0V]:R(^AL
M-V6Q7

BQY/3/Q
?






&

22!4%7.4AJEDI(\A/






?8N'!:F5$!X8#HT



D;C^0.

M_5?.:)54:O*4EVV]./:(I!Z

MN?@5?RL&ZD_&1AG^A86 =G
[]A1*R!5&^%)N*SFN**(([_SF4I-$7JWKGG
M8T5;X=&#YCIRC/- LJ_:'&) Q5@;YS[P3IKQJ8X6;LJI\94X&_#KE=\X_ %T







\0ZBG!#U-1YA08
D^2_!4TP0JW1*$XL24^_;


#07;%A.9@8).1.&(%O
!\#0.M
B
MYC]G5P .
FZ79#_^



YWODWF[:

-0;7?8

?6+


M
CD!_;PK']?=9
71^Z\WI%E$YG=E92GM%+*4U%RPZN= **=]C\J:G916I%VF
M?4C%]


M

M_L4B8]Z=@
(BFF2&.+YH:E#9^N!6O4!6NA\(?SU#5;[CCPR8@NUL-?/_HT

-.?[ULK




MP:E$7\23TL-NH%$[RBCQHU##

M*9^$___[ER^+Q8NJHUK&4^90^V'?BR/VT]\6WX2-M:.26AN%AAP 
VQ+I;&*

;94/&%3)57&XYMAQ\-C#\EF5W
VTCV)A




U')OWI8^!%[$NU(AO.)/F!ST:R2S


MZ2- I-*=K0X

6=G-ZPWVU^Y^
M[B;UMDM%(6


 HMM:YP
GM!^M

).#-P@W7G;5D]L5BCG(L@DKCI9?!])


MT
*S#)\Z2,[WPLDA7Q+'
MJI@DNLJAF1$S09C-^^TO<9)
F20@NG!?(@8Q&.48BIB?BZ.&6W^4^Q6$.Y[

M2=:FC02
/$1Z/EDO-%QW%9';5$0^^L-51'Y7HYIJ-N40 $DBN@U!
!JF]'U5
M5;MT
:^[CX(2.6




MBA0G!]ZF.B(QZ9\J%;VRMP!$/!G_%GR6 M7'VWL!7\_FE-)1* UA'DQ 6KVI
M.F/

M)E'7
\\F(]P-ZKE




@M%?+EC3 -H8)





M)Y]






\
M8[U

M]JAO'0R3



M8 IG6@A3S]O.4:











'*WRR



8\S9.:WWM1_AO8O*1A=FS8



MB7R='5]0M5K+RV U:;)[]KM.WHQE.HH6]=3TZ*EM-?J+HK&5(G
*\P6G+E
M=*FW2@^/W

MM



[0[ ^U;2**W3HI@


A+FM3 +8#AD\7BG-.=J;
ML\ &(XD5


M+=J@2Q;


5:\2GU(IY2/Y@'
M\)R:5BK\[





MPX:D2A
BZ













M?R&6ZM)%S^$DE9JW9/N@(


O646G&G+
J%775M@7J450.GCS_SV=?
+!.DMC*G%5HVBNM&UGC=)A(N8+ ',F0
ML.EP@\Q.<.*</#*D.LP)T.9?#W8M_JR7HV$?;C.W8E'6]H?;_QWGM%'8@2C



)
2/8'6Z3)A2XL=
M@STJEN.2
;







0-

C.M!08XXM8AW4F.0DX**WQV;R6=$
M&H61-G434&1214R8]K=-%(MCX0() MZ/33UH

M;L=8UG%R@$K_@W@ QM=%U4^T%+]=6O#-1!QHUVKOQ+\5B'^9-6EG21P.;N

MWG2U11-X\14-Y(L8GG]O;UX!@R:WF05)]O P8RPE))2:=
S=-'2J(YEW8W
MYD%D[ILPR9'LD-V4)^$
6)

7CT6K^KYQ

)(!=O@GB]

MLFCU8/


MC.TSWLQG8[U9&2N4


MV:+'E1
6IA 6;O8+(Q$CIZ5\)8KJVBD+C1XP@IXJH]F
HFT?H:W)0VBS.J5








V. J!%@CBR9Y'SQ$;S%?A:]!E-=]9S^RG)J!-!1$Z?FVBV?

$D&O?
MS.Z!X-P!-@'V9A4SX/[DH3EW9C)&AX#[<V3$;Z/9_:YC^@.+^#[?$!9+RY0


M:WP?//S0;L7!(XW'X@F_X&-[P7LE)73#



M5!5

C2939!\.KG4.A3+H K-
/
M]I;0T[$E@35




 
4W@!^];Y$ZPGIG__

@PDQ
XOG6\@B
M%L]-8?EH12'O&5#M];U4IH)\W:%=OCH:0_M3!7^E6LDYHYXJJQQP16[&9YUZ
A?8Q7WP74_A-_[



M@#2DS#MC?
.I 696
).UX8 2[-0
@P/0G)%!7O
I5Q=5@XP ET+(&.T&MBM4
M%8$;R

M'/8$HQB59\1C&303IIJ1(27! G*Y



K\J(F+YO^


AT#D(:6/D163.&N9'H!9E!#





M=6&/CC_1!09W=!@V Q9X)GRX-N?D%N!(





ML:8T%


U4Z




.RV\0<)KN




5G]D^U)A%;FKT9J/EB)%J:=8;SQ+3UTVGTT]S*B%P12$=&1V



%8'U+75C;NA
M
G/*5*W^


NH_!;^BDW%0%LD.^1XK5







F[KKZ5C7UE&
M9

IA$)$V:R0$Z&0G2!^8K!:W?* C:FXO
M 3!Q1'&Y5:^&N_O=6W;




M7RTPMC-.L=6G#=.X$ Z7)8M


MR::@.U'WAWPF]5!@YX(XY+-D%&J18NR#-H/;^RXT 


M;U



M#
02)76)BZ:K(4ZR-WMQ@ZY<1VP
MR)K6PPYOC[;?G!*A5C!!Q]FZTWTJZY&N0O2I<@V/4K?4NUIJ$&-11ZB9HD*Z
M-G$*5:[EH!$V (%7^:2(YF 0=WOR0,&W1CM=T5+.L7Q%JV.-HK==)OR!9&S
.3
E5
+@5O.SCX*-:




MQC+; &T:8IJQPUAZ M[MMZ3$AW7.X=2)7&&:M@63##\'=N^]].27T%?]9O
MZ]PM\:X$V\')H^JZS=-ZU@!K8R$'LL]JQP+K?K(2Z9R08DUH).6+C-1M.RG=

?'IBF4I.UN0KIH
H.5/FH@RK_


M97TF1MBU6=QAZ(3Y=&XU6D;J%D.N8L1F$(0D1[MZJ):Y1'K%6MB;2M%FY7V@
M&?\9

M



9_5DI;-ND@$QW(O:7*8CX61=5(J%N63%



:_((
M+OK$=7 Y;P5BYG^%PI+31Q=_.EN%UV; \WV*39*C^8[<+CT,ZULZ/<FQ+!
M=1)^!^V0C)??F7A!1

#9X%D+DQML7=ERON1D\]

RZV$DWF$*:R=


MS)(!$)F*2PE$S'_
$




M%

W[AQUNH^$-(N/
M/0YT


-/3

#O
M^Z*'WW+0JN)R4FK&2#V'N,Y:*RM#X(8AJSD

2



 \E

%O_\=FW8N
M&X=VJBAGP)3G(4$1

3K&]1

M)W\OECH]+N2

MI\%VM/






M(4\6^L:67JAW]PY+K]OLW6\V(;0K58!SB@VZYW-$Q:B
&J)R-@@3?O!4S7B7

L%$S=V_KD) IHMGP(;8O-.HYM%T0UUG9
.*P<(VNN9B.$R6& R#5Z;:&E#0(,U<M4#B@$01@_5 ALA^A



Z*\PW_^1__T\-E1/PP&AX-#JFR9

MPNB[?'\QZ)UXOZ.W?-_O'07F0W*'4?U]+[CTGSHX&?2._2?(-JZ7%U5J4+[Z

M.5R4_

M\




$#78@4_WLU6#M%7\@E)09CTOX/O&P^*]N


MC8U^-$;AG2;@^Z3\6(+M9?H.O+=T];@\K]2$X U@ZR:$CWG-'/9A\
JRW-L/


MN_A%GH

*(+0C-/ @. *F?)-#$;9_H()$I*$H53?V%
MPH
+#Y@4T4P$%1G#9CG?J1L&$^G)K+0,X;?,6F6!*&%?VR-@!W&N'6VO0Y



9=A$;M/BC@HKA=U*[I02
^RX


MYY34H*-U(K=+'&G[4%1];HPR5X'IV!IL_661XV5%)&B-F;!E!T4Z!FU\R2
MY(194K UBK+)IL







XX6OL]
;=;V LN4RDPU]';!
FQ\3-H;.38JL#V&AZIF'JNQZH$:X(#E&L4





I0V.51I+MG2+\4ZY2DXYJV^J&]X!_-'2V5

)W5\89L'*<)

M8#G]6]\7+@+L*@=W(2'
P



M

M$0E[\6


M[:J-*4BJQ-%_N@PB=OJPZTM:UR=H-;JW$1-[2:V9IL#:(8-A@3X67\OQ^V





MI+1NDM

M3PLXCS^4C47=;GKM$;MLR5WF;I\HEO+V2?L@5& C:XHIH&%?F69--MS)%ZB
M=6_.:]

D\QWL
GJ)41@$!: 9D227H7
G((/YV$V4,7%!HT3Q4=%
M/]XY'N;)NB# 77W#'82/,&L$,@!.IM/A732JM5#QH_C_YO,D#%[E-4@Z&[6
M'&\_IM$TG\%/!#Q%+A:-AM5BIL\WVQ@4#44HO:[49KP$:Y 991P=C\Z/K&9W
M&(18NVNH#C3PC])K64VJ#&]G&X+@U$(CXGF58P*@+

M\XXPM1\-08\W'S36N
X8!N[)RX6









\&0V'[BSF#*44V90
M=&+)NW.

=3&8 D
4X-3F


*T#K+




M+(/IN03@







/UD;EC5(N?U^F5F0W@@%JH:[A[/


 
Y8S((Q
P*4'Y


L.-V74-;.01QYT
18M^*C!Q!$:*5TY<?5^5DLP'8/7
M@HEOE_/[-6?FR=**A*[U
\&J9^3PR[U\R7*!WW;.9L]7K8#


[2F/'SDWST2.$:HP
M][JA)A1B+0LS)AEC=A2V
ZH$KR1AXLU-7X'Z


MF@-(EHQ]]J0[6:QF68)ZBC;'TEM09$)8A'K!VTRG5BBWTK]89]Z4&.B)VP2(



&\V3I4 ^



MJF8.%HQ:LG
'0VO=)
-9Q0I'*_!&4C\OW?F()2V!# .P-E3/^*0Z;=58I=5%



F

@@-N



M-@HU+P05;QD]?

(A_YIXM8
M


6=U2\LV./Q2/[-A@_Z+2@O_@&- G

Q

I*V[=Z7B/T

MRVZL#E.6=GFY]Y*^.O4)$]C-OD
L3U\ '
=)
KV+3TPZUGVFJ/MDZ]3?7[
MF1B'#?2SKQ!;A9C9RKN?3S9

MSN
EW3ZFZD*$'W BN)E]VT @]N4L_Z8

G8D$9]0AR!$RC9*3^K(
528!DN:%:82?92*X]/B_YHA9J_/&^TMFE@)P44/_)I8^N:ZA

M%:):6P2AF1FK)4R#P*OJU[Q\Y3!7Z
L%X.SO

'ZR!





MF4N)DQ+A@9HE H
58Q:1#RW

MX1PY[F?I
.'1=9U-\D;_S%5=%
'%Y94A9%Q$.B#G4VS(F.CFBR$&#9FRK
99




M:7-]((3DB3.J_X[BRJ5+8E$S946J59FA
$5V M/\QRC

W9]HDF_!J]TF05_3ZF6M56AK(I&IU'N
MIU$ZC;'W&N/\:6L

=9?
]\8O!YU
MI R7NI/XKX9*F/G!Y.(I\7




8R+P2N&.QT3WU=OO3__R&Z-ZUN%FP?_(;0OEO2@9/&RCU5F6A&4
MRK)N


Q%(F?^T4#YS/3I#8:G
M&2?D=I;FQZV6L $HU2W0UPI!7 BC#YQLS#FF82[?H$2FD+&+EL60AWFP:9B
MY308I_E^MNV






&PO^/3


P(N+1/C<##LX]8'S7PRF+!;:L._%




_.T


2)UA8R.Y&(DI
M-N.X2K/N6

Y:YOB;M:B;]76HO94DD6#WTSZ2LF



35CD@.%OZJT5.PNDPI


MU]?/7[[Y97\*)K_R!J0.NC;DE.Q^5YI*Y^4)CR?(YXPXH9H16E:=)E^/E*X
MR8R=EIVW9 :T48%--VTSL+'I.S3#;!+A[A6^
E0]:^$+(; '

MU#$FIRRI\/[:)BP4I+Y



MWGR/FM@Y)+TU6X)&*#?:$UPNSK!7K)]*^R*S&!F]BS(MO!(FBM#2I9P%%J74
M[?;$#;'H [1-2485E:7QG61?1=Q[ L--G4^($(9NFA.FJ/O9FGVP+;3@I [5






M^4%XQXC4,@3%LBD:U.U52YGPSS5'4\P &R:G&0NQA7I61.&7I&ARZ%W-IY



[K[LO1OMFDH+


27[FDT
M=R8VP8GY



MI_ F^!5(X$E29(E;H3$  &5^7
E#8L[#%2IGK^D$/'FBB\: #C2FDJ[%B9




A&%49;UC)





5@;VO
OSXO]0OWN4+9UQ
MT



M#K4%K=_U/BD_!B\X*VK^J)D%HCHF
@2/^\A.RY(L&V-!V_\9YV6D2GN#U M&
8=E?&BU_2C(2'OK2RNV9SZT. *.']$!5P/]B
M_7SY<X_^].<J7OW;T6GO:'\]L^'O?X]_W9R<G:O;]XUV'Z_US\;[
M@X;&G


MLF)W+

MSV'/?]K%GMN/RL6*%W$?)0UMD0#G]6P/A &=ZPV6X_-S?/H+U;_H%FJSA3KO
M%FJSA3KK%FJSA3K=YG8:1J./&.C-X@
9%[;T&X_OFNO7OK8^[ZS35-\HA ;?
MJJRVP
6[MO5S

M

MW_51].W6K/5\/A:)'9P?AR?]PRU%METROJHV_2-N3O_B/.P?;WL/=IOS()MS
':V[3W<[<W#W#B#\/AB6Y]TAWOS=&/ROQ3(+#(O\G%2


3CWLW3\*@_V-UN=O&Q.Y?[O2H5];=W

.IA&-!0/&E&KBEHW-6N:0SL8QRF1

[@U?X65%-1RP':G[4!R.X%^'E^$1\<G
MFV




$\W






M&BU_RG+TT.X2[^Z3C^F3W;8^R4]^@[[@CS
\]AO]H.(@@J%'$V7B81@I*X.\


TRD8JN)DJ507/
MHRK:I.WC9W?7
4JW(&'X_


5D
MOJ6M=)5G-!*LU9\7:JR*0N%F@06U-_;2Z3=L
_#T=
V^.&;WN\TZU[^3L$[
M.@E['!+6O[@(3XX?77Q\OZ)+#QQ8DOY,_X?0NM4R^%6XV245)N0GG2NSI-Q







O7
MI%#/?3-53VPLIXV0NO/?:6$OU(DZ&!8J^G@0C6'
/T7I(EJ6W_W9GRS
5!Y^

E 9
MRK3+
!H




EI4U
#G?,]IF^P4[#7T]1;1?K3RE($T^A6!4.ELB*?Z]+

9




#I^]
MA]D$+^01]+O^

Q!(U

M7(8O%:H$D#\,J7#...H!/FH@DG!@CW.\YC/5&6D-S0IW[-2/+HX


&UK[#@CH

M4.$!F!^X9F
%8R %59M5TM\(V+:#RV(TS9.10G5 \:Y9]!$6-LOQ-L!G3?-%
M4

Z\J90^E'/WO^[WC *0^
M37'@LHJT&:#
:EBEY:.RL.Y4@[^A?8%7G%U)5YS


@/!DA2@_%C^ R]!W5TB1<0J+Z\KE)%KC4(58'CA<4\/PPH:%B@E_D

M#RU!


RCZ XD@C
+.F&!K
 G6


M

QRN?J]_Y^%BWL#5594'SJ.$O'G<#9'0AO;H#:SN0)@5;<3J
M(/2'0(A+G=<T8B;261^;1.%3-Z\GBJ\)5
+O:'D)8W'&'2))F05V!V2@(]J





M8&_T]UMROA

N<S*Z\T76/ERZ3.I2-:OR ;2 11Z)]V][:'XJRB+XLA$5M\HC/W
MKL<E#8;-+#2E@G_!358QPM.$/Z+1O^JDT#'AI #[SXZ$XK \6HH&7M?8%,Q;
MA:S$X F&W9OO_HI)?-MQPW1:2^




SDEM9DIFDP?)B
MAJ'HICZEZ%%43NG.36+10!P8.&Y$!D+TGWZ7PZCMVD,] SX(=?WCV3O0_:0
M$U119]0):MR5
H









M )

B3T1CQT(E$
=2I1BRXO$;?Y011)YFD2HX'&.UP-0POM\H+H)

M^2DYG*#C




MLY9NM0A&8



)ZYI5^9I0N Y&24J
M/






DJ:'#







M P4-OZH+?'#)6.8LSPZLUA%

M!?\0'QA





@UKPN
ML-B%\M&.:^#$?M)([$?U29(77'!-0%T&Q7%\@#C#0R$PQ8 67+!3I

PH10?[
M8:Y&K _+'+O$0W!GTWO:&]#&P-3_&^0)U)US)8[5PH_M&26:R&CE0HF5

M;Y5

MBHS-49

B&H*UR1P


.'OO'<Y=-%I3<0?!
:/'!.3TP@TT1RXW6^YCJ@-/4=35=RV_=




.U#R2%X%5!B#$AKA*V


D*27#:V



D&N99AH8EFX/ J#
M.UN!L.J8

(X6#DDZ7AA5:9UF1S =N$\FC
MS2(8584D0!2QIOAIN3]'OL4O;%G$NZT3Y$E :%^5YQ]I[5X@C^UE\)IS._\?
M+#(V\)U@X2M5JBQ4:!% .N]K.%GI;IC]_^R]:9/CQI4H^E


M&AU2OE_


M$

M5/0%K:D+DZR!$8&.BJ_LC'&%U8.I_#/ Y!95-[CADB
.
F9%D3!I0Q016L



M3::L57BYJ?Q8U9%2*57 UU.PS'

MN/@O
)+O
'Z$Q6Z0V)2F4=0+@66 [1
&RP(5^CP5D45+6
0D&[2B5*H6/#8!

M:E=DM^S0]E3:2V
?#UN=+*6M7#9;02U/]2

'
0E0#$FB/70
M
YE\1=+P =& '% 79Z!6)?E&R3/YHA(:9/.R1T$Y#-!)@':R2B!M#(S:EC1



&AR&*$J!&XK#_1YDA99]4@]NJ[@ &0+EA5@8



M/ +O*C=C5
I+)2F-'^.

MU\KW6N:9-. 
)9_=/&C2YLJ+6!K])N*F^)JQ'@FM]:_FX=



I3Z

6&0J%@+=G@Y3QX

MW:+:]NDK;7


JE[B9C+AS\(



M?F9UR

MTKKJ


M! 
#BY
%O[T9OF/.OIM/C:W?QN.54M!P^0!DB_.5_#B]DCI^P4B?M;G1X_
M
#W6E 0)@SW;Z^/FWAPTM


EMTC2VRP_!#8-P-ZN 9!5$2X$]X7SI?'LTT'\$68^+[4
2%I?D7WU[(WMMLU8M'7^1_O?8YXB// '


O#


G3
MW)W[?QM-AV=WHCJ#WM09/







;T#24X:PMVY
SLX5@VX'S*YA1U
ARN#FGIZ?=7M=*)L5S.'T.HD\YQ\%W-]I-O%/;G1U+O,=X
)V

PP




M+Y;^ AW;J%JO5LF]817E!A8B#8 FYP^51[ L_#P

:
KFP+V&


&N2(?




M%D[GWN




MCLPFO1R_:VJ4G5J FY6U 

D&RN$%]_T%I_8P3ZE[) IO8
MWKOS@E!:#FQ
;(3J#




M^!UT\H78'0& WF2'ZO5_S*^EJ0KK!]HJ%!@;G&(@2;6'6%^637O1 G23
M6XS@I%_:A36VI%G1Z58\AZ2N0BCT:X+:3LXJ?K[)O



-!
M::_H-PP#<D;7CS[/&[1OH&ILP0VB&Y&V80V@:/M%IWS?HK'XQTN
P5;!+N!



M

M20200W



2&VK-
MQ4]:&L=25+OQXNTEO\EWX%H!U@N.6Z+8DU(.@YXQGBFQ_QDXAPSTBE.G4'JJ
MZE8!V (@?*,'DH*:CJ<Y+^]_KNEPUSU4B
_].P:.KF=M:

M.C+0 ^@6RFB&$]8/4H55//;*YN=H
&FG

MQ?A8L7J[3# C!LB5$CKJ

R2Y2Y
MM$//4%8H6(PINCWHR

!GO*K OF<@PL1/C2


*)Q&K]*R/I


D/\];=%A0V%8)T4P!Z

<5Q


Z?F/P2[T[?4P2)^5_
F

BQI%E\XG0



M=-I^ER=@77*XC-GPNRCU5V(AG9F5P-AO*U!-BZ?Q6 L%/J4'43(A?2%+4)\?

Q J8)'F

O&2)\5+
M0'4017JS\@)Q






@(CUY-6%G2/G@2TA;0IZ[$*_<4%T6M1/6GG1*D78AJBBCYI[OK2


M]








MR6^Z=Z'!^X .9.G6EX
H(0V8&*





N@Z?'%+4WW)DT4V
%Y0


DN8H92QK*+;!9
M2
41C(NP  )E3I#&RZ
$*CX0; ZJ=6/X$.)ZRPXD\(S!(0U&)\T082WC?6
M
HRP8;GC
MW-VJ'ZY+BCH/,R+T6M7JH9/*#)9D]0MJ#<


M+E#6TWSPUKM'TCA/5?2D:DS:5

7CP#QFE%


_$8(9PKX]PW=G$

K,'DV/
M];Z_%%)?VIS4$B@K2?/U?-*;%ZP+WJ_42+C5:B3LN)!8JP]A;-2#2:75?.H,
M!B!^3S1#.VJ3= 8YDZ$]<4\T)@UNGED9'=K#\;'^ZC/BYJJM/NVJMC'UKC2H
M,+:' Q.,:R5JAO9T/#.H:2-J''ODG.@Z:+I]'* _8T:\F[7 C-1N=?EZ'?L
ML7OLL63B-VU':[]ONT

6S2Q


MIJ37&4MZO28D7U/-(E
1RU3$
A6Q3$4L$S\_/=#::V'T_.4 \(=GI7=#1X:.
M#!T9.CJ5CJXW)\'4;[K^A/%9SR0EMQ

M]%HURD&_=^*MO];DJ!@KH8[3P='GE\%IRW'JMM+PNW(KS!1L.I-1=AT\..FU
MM03
!6R&ZT#I^%0;W*TK2AU^JW%J:G49HU/;-5VADV';A'LZDI!?0RIL;H



M(X^MVZ35F1EC!28]./Y(^9\CYCTWG=


MH4


8:OT&+-6^3




MPH9OTSRDMN'4'A6$*T!OGM





Z]A#]L\CF^
@P)




C929!WWK$(W



MF]GN]#)A


/

NHW)Q+5'@V/UIVLM'WP%^!PY]N#H?O &GZW%


M-;)3I:9

M.]'7S?A;

A!



(UA/O



MO14V@



$K+;/;3D




6QO9




M



M51RX@XN6RS-ST;YTD#]Z%UZ!M4K$\D]O_B-P_+%P%W/A^/YH.'*&T\7
&7M3

M!

M_B9.
ANED1QEQ7DV1_7-2O5]K]2^68!A(CW

M/2D);+H441'0.%5%IJZ]!RN*

MVS&Z=?KV='KE\O;U9=./W-ZD?3B]5.[BJRSI]ZB=HU7XP^IT
TO/


78I
(+&&'7^


M

MY-OME6^W97R

@CA.LY@JO6#=%*H $X;X

MMH
26RME@:D^'MN$EE@]2?O ?M 3B@3*G&#_
4G5=IOMD 

M
$W7:G
M32KK$Z2;/!-4& 36I-B'UU7P4/G^C.J3W.
_;_N]J559NB9XZBN%G7B^G^3P

MDB?: .[R&D6BS@QOF%$'-W&A!B6TUS=;0X(!):1 &?3T*\;&4CY^*5C?:O

RY;

M%2NSD;'^$710-E&[XE\IUQX7:Z]6/!W.:@5/*_Z4L.EYU*+[M3*DV^5+T; 
MTHIEV3@;KF*1 !]'Z/%1AN4-U@F](1-3GV&[9)U=V
P\I:[NPP;0Y@#I0EHG
M?.^1N5K:&

MD@3+IBHC^T&R['H=1[N&' B6C^Q7&=O2(]!@6.



MG)( 
3H24ZXCJV


CT]

M!/ [F6NHUL L!@QHNA6F6T'R96Z%@;P6D ]858!7'^8VVTJFA.FZT#Y-%#



M2D;@!W'&M^/J
:Y2'A*Q\?S/18U^*HRP37QEQY/[)




M6[/7X+.U^$17O3L^MB#\M2*T.VB;#M1U0^

MH:^#Z6MH#YT3/40M(K#K=!O8PX%S=

M-3D SRSYQR#ZIP8W;
.V!E]J8NY









M=T_
'$^^4G#UUMD3_-C&

M=/6T


P.[OOT#J4BV$.


XL=M:;C0\K2?34PCF=JJYBJLR8

MOXXV&EN[;J
!ZU GS6


M\XVWA#5_[87WWD/ZYJOJ9F&G
P.EHZ%TJ:N1%TTAT'U015S^WDNMM[-9+74 3YH_8(@]
M$IF5B#L1Y2*UZQD$M_J$,/BM4ZAK^F1NOV$JF4^@)R  '((US'8GU@ ?FG#J
M]ERUL)[U&R8D:-@CLH2
Y^JZD&M+FMM 9\32VKX:ZYXHIMW0?9I
0\C #


Y
4+[$)DYH
M4 TLUC*)U^4:Z.TKP \A,-2 8 E\.6?  =3H7L:'EA&@-BHBP)YGE69G?H


MQ)??!Y$'0L@+K4\9?(&,RV3L$28BGN0+U(4!LC/*)Q ] DURHKS;$Z)M7W









45YH]#$#JTB (@GX0P5\%/O0H^E5?!!Z_Y*GCE



AQ!^, KRXW:AP<&Y,!:_M%Q7G$Y1[-3<K\S/(BB^*Z\WG'5
MOG$DZ!]93OWF_:X4W:ZPXO=4Q[+B6],]TE( 9[Q0K$%;IO9L!;I(L2/58<;


ML;6AVYN

Z%AAPB.HYL?WK__17
7_L1LFA[C+RH6/Z'L/@X%13Q
MINTLB^VLU790T&&8Q5..$LI*(='+YODN2[[]* Y2U :4$Z*$BF/ I_UXI[U

.4M
M4B30KP#_+E*U/


=& T'M

M3
8JX&4#U@%8
LX*D'V@/!JY(D_Z[K7X
!V-'# 54OFB4K=HDLCO$=1 ZCE8

*EN %/(5


/H[!6K'@G%V?LE4]Z
VPI4C0.M( .-E+4#4)







7+M


M.G]&M%ROF^#'6F;F:_80'


M5



MGZA


MGL



@89J-KK4F %UQ!\PW%K1=2(3'N]UBVV$W36':+OP\R:C9O(37G

MZRBZ8/(^LE[L-R^,^E]$L)Z)&%NN3PS;/:U1/JC=^$56*M$+/_TYC\QQ\+
M=S$7CN^/AB-G.%W




!N56?WB3Q N0TT@-H%<%U%8Z1<IY

M]/XV

M.QP

MG/P RB@O
 .+CVDL?\*NZ9%WR\JQ3J<K#];'^K*W
M 5P#*^*T\& B?_-:/


5LX?2+$]9.)!I)\Y?:13L/T]8+T97!QRHQ%:W27P/R@@P&6H*

M@5




%G^^\!:C6@4\%8MS?4Q3CN$4;X2*H]
MJRNLU@!KI)9/ KY=(/]]5&!2D'='?1M6L@?

ZXOPU]


'*

M[KS[LCM[CW)Z4VLY!0NC
=*2MO 0)H-*LY3E#U8$4/N!9?@?HB_


$-!
\#RWRT?(;
MMG!Z#ZM%-TF:+\%2#M!N0.


M#5\*=#FIQ4A XI^2=G0
 $J3^$[2#^U+PO0 -#7!#;]!]*R$MRC\2;ZWWN0P

S).\&@JUKO)


]R@\YG
MQ)
-9D)(_P70HA3)Z(\UO!_70'\LP/2(%HI21 0 \IDY0$T

R8(U+8*4@$VF6G_E[
Y1MI2-


%$Q@U-CZ G^2L_^51Q3SX61_^:6B#/[9B\!\_[GW


7S_2@57P++'R)O1^=T'% /D=G

O.@





S*P1YD)3Y


MA]F*+YNEVQ*E[H(9-Q\P#/)]&-\?DUQSZ?#X#B%;CR+5HM&.
^P-=$N^U'KJ

AEA1.F^RR%
4WH/K$1*





MII&$_F_4=K[;

JF;:0



[M03BB



2[+XJEI%I.
5?6H)H9
M7-[4P[!S)O %:8P7J\I26YL\P?O*=


0]WWTB^1E\.*-])-'O4]


65SW(!#3*N67R^'0RJ
M);[/R#D
5)STGBI%9 4('V19H0


 0H3VUAF4EZAL

I]^9PD$-V'#-@/ X*+6\B-*6@5.&1[MGX&P)@: A

6D7#

']V\Y)M_5
.I5DM0O]#^78Z;AA/55SW4

5
@

=96JV+JVKBRJVM1%B^JCNGVA'6R!$LZ(ZU\BC;
M+.@.JDUXSL6RZT*F255Z]4UJ9YL99PV'1#A=CG=KM&?N3Y\T/7A:15.YOKP
MRPF4Z7$9;!?H+C5UE7; H6
OR.$RM/%B*
Y4SH@1I;![U2N$H7)%95L+:R-

9T:WZ:4VE
MH_=6 I5N+YBYMI+#YT]$T15'E;'E*JS2%=CH2ZG4+*OU3D% Y5I!DSW5L#[4





MFFHWFB[)-


AY3B6*0&1]Z




M:VU(3)[$07D2LVO

M&;KVP)E8*3;:$=C(*MO%IW2\

[8'TD0H423E-8%*M#
K,L&X3/7&801_$=6\@ )I\@_QU@1]P'<:V
M]0&.(N#K*/ 
\RA
M_$EL



?N0CZCKXY/R)*=4JVB#
WQY+WS
MZJ4.&-QLUI[-6/_U^5B_6JZ\*Z=B'D^\;$22%O]TF+JZF)9*:*FE.B5US58.

MXVW^O_\7PN@O6^5=AIK+7XXTNSO2OV/[ 'G[OFAQ


MJ]


MVO3C7PQ51N19ABHG3_MF6&Q8[ R+I;
]=M'9VBA9IX'9(W5BWZ@
1O?\X/*L




_?J]
3/*VZXR3R6:F]IGG

M7SL8/V $CR,2\UWL5.BH!3\AS%8Y9/0)\/Z+$;:;=R4LC=2KQN!*#!)S:X$





@6&'&BYAH-!J[O^P:Z2*OA;.
]V=S_X47ZYGIBKYJ8H&QIPTZ \QXM^?]BY




CJ6ZWM)VGYJ:HV3%SO:YCS[&.?&?NH%U(
0S([&O8-AMW@V];
MYIX


M5FLS1^YSY:[+N=&C$VU.T(;=\M50793\;$VDRGB_

M8QJ/Z#-BWS[?G'_/7K73#@Q[^
G;#T)(JJ6P(Z#-$V[+]_O1@X:O'7VTI+FJ

MP0U+S+51


9U


:^$6+&*/!#
 O1^-2]TJD0^XBUYV3-?G.[




MXX4RY*R)0@A-D





.9^80E#_ORIEUC00QZO$3KM3%7U+:*M'*)F7VO
MV#=' &

M:NP.Z8N.8])63TTJ4$[ F\]-Z')CU6N[L5MX)NRZLH;+#JSJA.Z1S0F.'GW;




.3^ D*5M7VK1SF-P_UP=WUJ0FGX7


KX/9K(X:H)@18[+TVE4AL]#
MJO=M PYE


MN!QIM38P
UR?A)@#%U2VY# EB=F0:]OJUY9G#][MN?CVL*!'0_9=HZH9F-47







.DP]QG]Z_WAFQ/WCV:9PR'MKZW2E.JF=])83][8?/5WM=WX



W#:?7E77EN;^S:J4\.9?2555L/XQ2TYQ+)B
MQ-/GE/JG:T-IPB95#NU;QZ6\C4P[81IMXSNK]2#4O[1^&%^6/_(_CL_%=Q#R

MYK[9X

?0=\D+Z*N

+$
K[5FG(WZT

M31I$3

MS#LK2


D
&?MOI8M_%T3NL4


ER:-H&PX#-



C^?]FBOE(R?;A5LJR1URP3;8I%.
V5*E?(Y3E4J^-5:1'C5G<GK3I^W3[8;JM=LB
M=^ZOHEI&NU9/!1P6 <4;5\!?%N]7FD&521,^T7?T+M_?M%6)Q]FHS[69G!-

:E8=012*AKH;]4MPZ057(+M\Z:]@I



F#PON(;C;<B@99QB:'GQ^(*GMAU/W1G-YG_'DFU&\(._CK;A$W\7PZ<]

5@(0)'^@GKO4P\EC_/\O%_E^_D9F(2?(Y@31







M_W@!=+0]Y+0JQT?Z9@0#WP#OU([NZ[GZK1



MH



;54P]L?.W.F.]6


&4T7(S

M[T


M;$K\
2/4O& O2\



V/V%4QV2#4-]%
X'+:PEIU!@E*6D$2GD<82\J-(8PAX5\/K0H $89;=FQLJR/:
M_?^S!0R]VS?&)A'_!C\V1UV5&]0_'ZKT14=;5\&+H2X_M.2TVY7V?\<C&EI



HPS!B(
&2 I58!G1 #%

M A(&N690ISH1##1CV& 1YP*Z8=#/$0:1)%&820T2I5) 1)(9H0*PG#


M(^25L^D*%(+ ID]GT[$(--.!

M&G'I[2FGC%EFB\KO6XVGOR0:U?X:?./N_VB!8PKOBC+_8L0X^Z/K].NV4%

8L!DEF2$3
M*L%:VVA+DT0+ZQC!Z5 SYEV!CA&8=^G,.U8]L(J(BK0R@?F@ @* :/F#\XB


8
M-1%:EL4V3Z+ONCA=7AN'KR)$$SC\Z1P^UHMB&:$X@1+ 3- XH0;YLY207
M%(DDDC:F QN4CNZ9STX?&



?2J0

M!'$@


DIHF1*$#'-J];0K2E'-CLF%(4N@=.A%8=
(G75!

M&@XU
D]FO.J?J,R1:#@,4C2Q);^QRD0E*8@56D:,\RBA%ND:3*R+]1C=S8
MKYQA5Z


MQ(+1 ,H:7F0CB5T=8.#4U_-HTC5R?Z [


M();


MT'J2S?-M(GW.!:B(UMFB:$=_)F-(DQ((IPR8D4D/&EX57P5-2
7U?@J0A
MNRRF'3LJ=$1QEB((%
8VD
X3(!*N0:9HE)(T1JEBML/R




M0S6 642-
883P)
H BR&
N-


MHA\$KET:UU:*-%4F(TD4@%JY
!$!G$L

LY8]YPL[(X


MMCMLOQX%#

TD@^2)R;

I*_&OK?P];@]FDU
MO+.FL[SD

-!+7N!
43%%&-4Z SVT@[BA!@$95
M4\(S@0E5/-[:B;8-)-YO0GGO!XUKG3?Z]H++2I2'*-%]J+\\5)O9$S])GXX8
M^[O#P64O-VN EW6@2ZO=K]&L:899QJP)#) 1P0(HHA8+'($D.A
(&/ =U4




MB%1)0!+K


7J1Y3X:/_P:TP2J:E.0(P-/1JB15602R
M.-$ZQ8K %+V
-H





X%EQ.SNSF6

(TSH+*80!I+2*4PD-1
*N1#1;\
M)O7QFSQ45Q48^9D9^7:D6.2
J*T +&0*2 I3 '/
 =29B*%
()
DPVNNZK]
MI+#^@SU-P[BP
&)GE1I6M;ON@:/ @+USV7075;\





7+$V16=]WKN]S3





MN;!
T:_IVG\_[!K@Z W-
U2_V= _I+92Z-*#C!KWKFJ8[8D_'MS%0H3XX'
L






8:XE1JYW9L2

?+Y8W;4BI!S6I]&-U]9IA.5B@Q@1) LE@!EA((%$JQB
S]
MIC+9VB%1W$S8_0J?FN90A&RP@'E+,C)-%8,05M50A@EJ294 1J'BO%);:8

^J[0D
M _LNBWW'!B-F J$DU2!%V!B,FD8@54D.#'68L2T3*6TK:Q8$Y+[LSP^ZXY
M^Z[2* KLNRSVK=H^#!%,1!K;$4_&]DD3!E@,8Q +'D.8:HSO+631$T<UTG\

+P.=E'@
M\2?S^-@00H:KH8PPT$G&;4]?;C0J4&DE:21$@FR<X0Y;R9T65-2 HNO-8NO
MTG8*+/YD%J\:2P))*F6B $HC.Y&

8:

H


P18)(RRQIE*L=&]

MR;7AY%4:6(&3GX.3JY869J.4Q*#E H,B%3F;QI!0+%*!,095TQL[6#2)/'




T=I

M EA



#O-3&N K\OR.]5RTJ1+(

HHW]4:]

M


Q18KA*+5A*'8_!5X^I7Q]!+LJB#%7X+=W?^?
M6I8W8CQ!Q-Q5K10AM]59ENI1AE(J+&($J8%IFIK!R5-7G^6#WU%-O*3FQNJ

4#8;73WX
Y$QD)K+ 5CC
M.4IS)3MI8.;47*_TNLAMGP^[GOM3+;*4'E@LL68K.K%



%4@
&

MCCP[E)Y=\(L0IA:7TE,6 1(DMEY9Y Q:#BB2 *$VQ#1C$*G7 VCH678!D%

!C+HV]$B6$98BE
3&
2E&-V'1S(U)%WYM[
M*:4A#K5@7?SZX&SM:S ##B\'A\\G DR)9PD&04





?9ARF1&D0&2HPH99.$B9[7N-

MNG'G$@RSP)W/P9T5@PG%7.H8


9N]1&+%8V3T'AN[K!%W;FX@



/QXP[75CVLMD
M^09



V
XNT?:4#DP!

O2))5\:X=L
$(Y

:=2]H!BLBUQX4QXPEJNW1[-X9@N7[7T_OQL)/J_1S\N)D3.U!=PB

E


Q))Q0
S_0&JT59! I B&5!6&,W4
MX$MFDF2!'P)^+)D?%G0H@WX4CM\F6@7AAE*M* @Q78\:$8X8!%+@+G%+
J$


-5*IAE)20B%ABL-8
(23F'')V%?(


]N-7?//TT]O3@_W#W<_'AZ<

]0_3_F
M7N0T\GJ
3
/+Y@GVW'/G?T3?\[DFQ3A![\=;0-G_@[CLF3OOG88B'=AE'R#(N-

O?36+G?&QOU :YXCA_/*CD-[[[!1/02$ZG]%5P'\%)4X^G6N1-PZ
!%*-

DDPA._K1
M]KZ+-! TPAFF.$4Q7D+'A?IUUPH(M D(%%HCK$_3V!0%1EB))

M@HX9K[2#\!+\$S.+9(=;$P%G+Z$+4M@K*.'
$H)?^6Y7G8W)8E==#?L#&[HV
MPOTD.Q


?[X; 3=?.JP?<'.9N/GW!&Y2

$W%PF;IY/








M[X


MPR?#)P.;A$^&3P8V9\,GZS#)P.;A$^&3P8V9\
GPQL$CX9/OGR;#)7%P.(


EI2&8U
MICMH52G3]9I1T'OF@RLR@BO*$$^I1"*! 4$D<RH/H!


M#&@6T*SV5F2D!!(BX1'DA@$BE*94)7%


MYOCOKRDF D$J@3(89K0QE@(6&6TLRY&-6*I6C9@UXD 4@J[]:]O1$AZ6


2[G[XW=E%P'\SA/C@ZVQT<C<;V[7Y-&8PA3!4@
MD8P!B6D,1)80H%.,J8P3J=3R1T^M#\?/KJ@OWI,RP-*ZS\@+L+08+)V/8(DQ
M2A3-&.#:EUA \S<A $LAP4IPG,ETC6!I207V&^76//BA<]GJ:SNU2_IIGTW
MIJMW;6]Q$7?GE-.K

9=&U4A0
#J@+CA;NIDYJSD&1M$(ZOUO@:I7.I/';
RCB)$ZT1(%QA0#(CFKD2T!A$

D6





G\R2D


-$=($I-)J&N9. 4^H!(@G


_7VBCC$R'I=&TCA^%NZGLW



00D11$P_TY!ID6L
M4*2$$
Q.9%TX+!2X-2!I2FL XV\A(\L(/HS(_K8*893IB!)8VN30

CGP


M$6I1U&KNF*1).R5TX)X(%[

M4@D1


6Q2H^YC50#F;(T
) ^ @=ITND/Q^,?RD6=+_G:[R*I9*C6W.VKCKO4IU
MXZ3Z\.69==-LW*:I4JU2K5*M4JU2K5)MCQ] *L<\RS2S 7GTG-3O $Y9N=]
M





_\5UG^^4JBH5?)\*_MJ;[93*;G1*??/[7X=_

7[G'_S%FS\^O?OS+7GWY\&7G5+)B_='WE'N
M:



0LM+0G&

IE+G3



H$N



5'3%\O.[*ZPK

M)UMX+-?


_G[& ?U^JO#WC??XB#OUY(O#]^





5?95-

-!1_(+BH(S#O&

M6R6;MEQCB_9(2P
Z]11OW2D^C?\8KX@C5 
1D]Q2@)8D01DD36+G;*8PM/



^H*7T[*;;J1TN2R$S]

M



]65 RY$;@4QJ

M&FLUC2W 8D3@EE=

M7J+VI4V9#8C&&88,&J9T3X'&F+5PRJ!/186TTF0]6^UL5B:$FFH%/D&7S


0(FX+&,5)Y)H)MXNMZ<MJ^B_':UE%D!3TO_E8$E\RG35C+;3

)KV/J7/:Q^_J=@9ILDR]_Z9PV;9


M1\XA$BE!1-1:3(@*;48N3!241:7:I[6L*

7
MEI;'ICG8;WNNNK]:D89=Q]5MI^BK;*ILVF5BK-
O6@?=M

M8P.H1*#IPR#A)3V61O _-R9Y?I+M-+=R2K1-!B1U 53HM=J%4X%3E;*YR-
F8SP8OT+CZN[QEE-8-Z<6%Y-8-XF_VK[]E=-8*YY E4X53A5
M.%4X53C;YO6JPFF98\6X1U/%LUF+B0QWANB2LL.QKE3QJS2L7(X.4ZCXB\9


7.0)H?YC?O[Y7#4_.%;



;*XZ_2B+[CB
MJ1N-SG$!]TY0*)-OF@R5/.Y('N?SY$$XHX(3T$Z)(_$P'+\-3C


DB1TU=#I

M1)*W*7 _PI!%@:LCVE9
@X=/YVC01TJSS11(5!F$5Q*LLQYR])FI52B6FP

M1S+XF*S(VWI692@A




\G?X


M5F#\YCAU7A-I]V@Y)QU!L-)&G?







GS!





MY7*:'^& .QX?:R:YYF3
Y63LY-'PI#
\32
T#]$V+;Z%CVC_I?%/=]@]BV^0
2A?,+S^Y^*??O7I\-<_R.&;]^+M
MFSU^\!FO\^<K^O;SP?'AKV_YP6M+WO[Y[_&[-\/SMR=O/QWL/Q?O_@I_OSAY
MCM_U[[GESZ^1M[]]?[3VY-7['#_E^.#WN5G_N_?Q_XD]@__^G?OW5][Y
5?




MM=%&?RSW=FEKL$K^13R:=EY.-B2


CNX-
MON



M$




MHK9T5(+IAXY*-V@P;L2;B@E@WCX7CARO]2N%@\U5).Q-3I6(^6?BY?SLBX
M*ED+*5G//OUVW;)L[X@3;=$8)



MW:QRJ6[#8?K*HM$*ESO$ZY3J\)38AUG#)QW81


YCH5&R(F/^GTQN.S9LIZ&(Z7
B6J_^2^38EYDIN5YF'^Y:+[


*MM 86[RA1W+C(NLT/AP\FY/U8=Y'



3X

MAAD.U)H4

HTG7!N_
M
_V


'Y8&



MQ)D1 6C
?2J. TF[G-\LSJGXW6#\/JRU4?&[#'ZG

0A+$K=%CD;RG5VJ



DR



M.%HIE+


*@U22 -E8RI0SPJ+S5/#M'9.EB51V6-RT-KA[:

M%





H=KO@.U^1PMM9YQBPJ6=W!]^&E\[



.[M2=Y6].5)IDVO@*B-M R.MLY*O
M(]
M)

MFFVJ?=D8$[!)8D2.BV?%&9=JC]H?H+87

76T]=*?RJ.[PG'K^9Q;&CRA$0*
M1 0%@C 'AA


MYZS SG'JQW)T-B9




A*K
BFI$%W6I()4:,MWXZV7,195F;
M5'_.?5LPW_/G7%%@8;Q?AJ/7E?$69CPY:YE$/+UHCAZB8Q2$*D$5GQCX*$GR
M24KJ^


MG RR)(6PBM;M0^NZTKLJAN\%PU






&-!*;

O*J+O ]&SW6.E



B8=33+B0V! @DEX4*-=8V1)DC4Z:#RDI1&N
M3,?@HL[\:[]M,TH?A_V/C<FZ.A-.MF%7K\W.:^1F0U))KLS
?XV'+Q_DT8G
MO^'-CY$=&WE7*ER(E_-]&?Z@']_=B1$IB(:#2X47X^W%DS.'%Q63?B1&P:


;3=^&_N-X9PU5W=&<*Q^H<:@-






M[S3Z[_R9V/=_Y[_F'Q22\O+B1^^X*+



M3^@/_DU1\T.?_-;-4O9$&%%O]IYN5MWILM\C^!6XE6Z#S7WPTHTQ*0TO_?SL


5<Y7*:13C@T4:W
MTO\[ZYV6([B&N+8CQ.7/!W'.I?;L2L*_H8#KA-





HE5[O.;2^F'R -KV+Z?C ]VU2;&I0?@RB8!I&B!QLH
M!8I@#3EPZU?H@:B8;ANF5V#'5/2N&[U3
<9/BVPKIRW$:7]\FND3A_?_ZBA0P227:%]0+D'P[, JI\#XJ'U6I?4Q
M*VTS&;LYL_?U:W:+@WT,2HT%TA=%_-03=[DKEW!&3D!H1C IPMW:5H1B5
MY,HJ8&1S4+P(D?PZBV*M85@O7M'%C1=DC&! D6M:'2OM&!)\D!-S1JW LB


Y)B!F%1YB0)-6N@]N+XW4UFJXX7CF.


MM^6F2 7M4J=*3)G2+4H%,@D*1


CNN9

MD-MN&Z-B=AG
3BT
J2EQ7G-@VG 0*#ZPP@8(3ID8HB+&U0#'AB%W$RR
BM]E


M@
2JBN'E
?QV#L
LH0 ]=Z D0PQKPL$(M#VRDYH%9[3-N8T8KB&.6TV0%[WQ

#TJ=I?#[JN9#
AL4;V4(*(J[:AH &


:I
_3X0*X([+:1O=7Y

,XRGE@?JE\&PZ(&XX-'R4!J\- 2X,CI2'C)/
MNA2:*F4KC+<-QNL,;508KQ[&4XL$&=B3[!Q(QRR:)<X_L# X9&
NN@/I.8Y4-VM,P<#S:#L#2BP2A
'@
B5@N/$R
9^%

W%_IZ8-[R!-.N
435-Z=4F+3+]#)I)=6I
MVS:]:

M4L2?\8=B!
.!%H@0D0)4B<T3E!3!2--!A.2
MMT32*%9HG%3XMLZSN-:




M4C[


$(U'A=1 

MA%C9;@U3?_:.LN**

M'-=KY?\# 3



MJ6PN'0@I55TE;_8@7-AIW!KUN=+FHZ/-ECH+*EFVGQG' XDXJZP%F@L944J
M.+TC(:@25M/J-)*[.PR1KN:KJIA:V7

M!E-($
9HL()Z\
GR;SSA!7U4G897]I#NR[;$N1IGWH/.FG7W-D=-RD
SE.







%26(&P7
$

%DXC_O@/6<E#Y.J\T=J'17Z:Z]=%?3*;:.[F;23AVS2;
 /-FBW04-AB/G

+QG%5XO#
]]/\BM5;

QT_4[LC4-_.#X;I6;83.-QROWA


39JZ2XL2L\RF;ME9LO77
M:$MD@.F'WM3/48='JIX\G


MR]0E'5 XRL8
T7D.(L@()E



M4*%0P2
.#



M@(96[F^IA'-?[6$*X3 D&4H _UN&HVD)I8 1C
Y)4BN-=644)%NZPUXEFTHV

PT?R

?^I-

M@^L9L-@9



M
ABB)1+_!XD)B[8RVL]&6@8J^6R)=YI1L[/+1)M&5]4$^!LY#.6V+B*^D^$=
M [PU7;ZZ/!^V0OO2&_KL[]

M;*0S2?L$#@4*0A0ZDM9#T$YJJK0RUB
G=44M^ZF4U$I*6O'4DTI)#T-)
]%C


\& Z*1^=P




$HI?

M:9/;M#+5EC/5I5E4=UC=8=NZPU84^KG8-*J5N^9@.$$U-874^^A*


=$=OOB%BG.CKGA+C\9;_7M!@KL?N]$UQK





XF7!H6E
=_
M@F90 1! 74 UG;8+Q$P5I5F\Y68FHS
:VS +&RT_VSTS3+



Z:.$YR2J2-KIC*TE5DGH(:[HR
MU7J9:J;-K;1
2ZT@IX1





M27H_:@+WHTEQ1$R.TS@5EAL/^[WH)NEZXC&^:3S!%QH7WY/Y=9I9C\LOU^7)
M3X?CQ@WXTRCUW:3W

MJF;E+?]B
\W\6YZC86
UW


9[[K;[






M5)(3R[O^0 


=#WL!


=\7$O-^O:[)B;LBLS/+Y8



:C0?_Y/A\VFN;PY\V\'L$F]

M;?\]&S1T&083$-+S*47.EQ9P%;=AA@V+%C9F5-DS[WQ_=1)'9\#PVZ=1V \]







MV7@V7669B7\@T8]J]C.\J@4


O<<3P2
OU

MH4C&16XR*:G+?



M?J?P*J6#Y2*X.K]*Y$76_-#E%GL'O]\FP0IXQ6&(&0P'D77!+W%2*9]A;[0.
M?#G_J3G+\8?]H]

19L9ICW&3=49
KP/%/6$1=$

F?@\QK06&N1P





7*YGQ\0ZDC^=D \94
M))TZ



NC[#I.DLE)O%MB+#-=Z/9AJ\5</.<NJ+

M280 #F*(IZ4O7

^9Z^P(3O*V?F!
L1.@I-OQP.9RN(PKF -W)4LTR4!
MULUD\Q%C&KT7.?]?%VHH^8*3;XC)J-$'Q'2Q1F0 B;-? 9)E*61@0$-^))Q
M:KPJ+3&NXQ8[UFQ)8FO1Q*O3XK@E PN(%J:R7CA;(853D 7FE+NT.T&@H+U

^MD$R KD 0Q;[DF01E(M
%D[80

M;Q4A_1:4M(V0WDP[
-^3H MMO &*



^F\R$*?.BU%IQ;7FNB78Y+RDIE0FP
MM-+?!/9V&Z'V7%_%@$$MV+;$51-7O@\JD
@+K@O!



AFIASM/$L5OUCR=+I*+;+



MR)_J!0!5 78+CP*?IJG0




-@=G$&CNT_YL=G@'
EAS637O
MCD7.[X$@L-)O]:IM($SJW!W85G-34 DC?;&]#LTA2(BE<N/)[WAX-^S ?P*
Y
M[3+HM/$.PG0B/.:L:@ C1N/+'M9LGHXG41O6R!O_@A/S\X+ZYW4&6WP4R]!


YT? CW#AO: G?1C?H(K;AJ]EY1!.^]@YC-[\-'K-<?0^ _KP
MYMDLSEX*%S3W1@::\R(OC&*&:SH$K1TG#YPZ


MY\NW*9X WJ4NG[O^WMQ?C6G]E;YQ2R*&S8T8W0F2T'B/R&#^0B?4)7P.[6NT

2C!([V6%0O$=O@RD*![$;]URWZM0?N[O/.ZI9M+\C

UT[Q4E3I]M=ZI6L\0)[:FQ&Y!




M#!+WU1''9DL'_&#WA$A7%F6N








MTWQKSD&L+!6@S
-$$_SP8C(^'\?#@0$F





2^
M





O
M1?1$#^?\M/:DA]G(UE'MYJ.=WN^)
Z%U5(^SR X;7NQ3D6!MT







'$



M8T3*_YC2V@:CB]ETGFQ6C]]].OK!P0SRO@7JBOE(YGDS;ZV/LN$X8BIH'7F
MQ=KY#*IY/EA,LAM?^FHZ!X
LUL #&T2EM9N3KA4??]Y]/BC9I$N7/8%-]
M73_7^9PUGZ=7WPJQ]KL31CJ5N%O)(][ NVD
CY*V 0__W;(S_Q8Z
M50KN1-=&RF^M(D1-C2M:IQ0OQS1B#'^ IQWS
.M 6 0#[61Y[BX-BT&MF'O8

VY8M7

M8LHS?!%!/5?J5\:CTS%^$E


?S+US$:?1S_?


%

-#GX+#EQ_YQGTP$H*__?1__H$F&2F



?$&T[L7'$N+
MQ91-E9I;*DS$SU8GJ5L8U+F*%$MUV_AGZB6!;T)1O#A04_@WJ-YE ?TE$5P1

MNG[] \6/FDU'4=]QT\??
'5^B\=X%WE_Y3;O;YOWM\W[V^;]_5AY?S?F\2WC
M
9J2:%428I3BA7



@8[
M*:OG:ZWW(?QZS1Z@7_YK[L#-MSMNP;

I2.2/!R].
MG





V)H$YI5/BYO.N[_V!$_=
!


TYPO

MVZ#N?5?G_1]-@]Y^ BO7$6(*$RB;7U;+DVK??





MY(X0Y6?%P_*=G

M^8QHWB=\]8MWI_O-R?@R_4Q_D
B6F=H+!T:X9]P:-_!QOB4Q5^7O]+Y'#C
M&0SN/BFZ^







M^]U#JJNV_/=6_'=_F?\:47K!7)'EFHN
4VLSHRG/N
^-\IYQ;=QFS^DM.?!Z



M
NPBK2\0WZ=N*#U*8;
$=%*7LR_5[&X5Z6_/Z7_Y?IKT5^'P+4\_:LKX#V?3




NL#&61
M\0)[9!0ZS_+YUZ6S!%>WID3Y\XOW!=)KNLS]:[%!OKD-*(-
M5H\( O&K0(T#NP MF9Z)2+@-(F7*=:P:C*UU;29?S8S(41S\=NA^.(%E9/


6






MYKHV)J@-83?GU-@\_B6F/J%Z
JC:YGPQ_01%0Y(
HH@,KK&ZKNH[R#VY!QN
M?3;&C;T-

X9NSHB.



V)+I.)447H+BY;-Q*!'
MMIT$+W0UC9U;FL'[]713N_/J;'!1ZW#X9_34C\^!_XI.9U5FSIQ.'CI9&!F


M0F7.Y
0K2UF.O=4_R6MU _-;\EVU'9GK)@_+7JMM3X=/Z^D@E[9MV]-AV]-A

M]D;O@;6 -;&-V^R_??;A!&A/:)4G'3?C7-M



M3
&X!C

M@;^L.MOP[QFZ F/;0ECZ68P_M4X^[)D)1_U^$)/%HI_Q@\709GPAVI)^VMW3
MY+_K[
NH]MK%SNLIUC5OP8B+KMUN[1!];
V

MGD_&%TV5\^'L'N[(X=QL@NT5K:B9__M+CDAW%%G+&@1UH2,$UED!OAA1@J



Z
M&.Z_/29OGA[GQQ_WKH[/CZ\.GL+W_CC^@/
XH&\&^ROX]'\.#O_8)_OT]=7!
M6_CNVY=O]]_^.7CS=B\_^/M%_N;M
UCS'H
Y?/R?C\^F^X-4H+?_T;+8E
I8
3472V15T[




W;T\_PM_$P=%K_N;O



*07E\L
Z?#O

)F7))?-2!:FM
MW=+5#TQ7;/_TA*MR;QD&2L05:04(3,!)V6NG2$LY+8\'4%W8
QXUZ-P_12



M
R IG'A
!Q_&K/8Z9[YWB?O1)


K1:0*V&L5*M_;76N]+AP%[[%IL]@&B
MC0XJF;].<*4U[$<$9YJL9YBW5\#Z/Y?5:_!5^DV)43\TF8^-?$B<D6#DCX=


M OH]: OZ:X


MJ64$F.^@!L5-C0@X\SU&/[G'D(1_'R4LHOS&?O2QM84=3.SL'/O1V/@'ASV/

A-*HD-%BZ@N_8['SO

 /2/$(!EC]6-K*C9ORN%U]].SV
&!]W<P@P:+5X&_!UTD'


585()?Q0TL+Y(@O5_HUB\5^
MS:/9N1M/Z\\W\8'F.(MMNCWQ4_'([S_:?[)U2*(O!29$5I-)@OC&8R!_
%



MP8H-P47W/I2$Q]D:4WAK2YMP2+=J(9N5EN\;^GF#N@&YGMB::E97M L5T:

M9.5YIO.@



\2


18-#U[$W/:UPT8_;/JTI=GKFL%O/60W









L^
MMH6#&B#


M6TIE:0-5!

M)?_]#
Q%'6MAAE?-UWW=@W'CL+JQ66]KE5&EA :E7W

MSEKR++;\[SO0\-7^1Y-.9&649H):SFFVC'LHFPS1PO#:$%X,7(1C#+RF*-

Y7_]PR=
;4; 1.18ZEPF%
_'.+-GH0-
M4ZISRZJSF
?=S



#RC&5P_%




H33$T'; 2G=CT:
MS!;PX)


UT6T!%'1

M&')=7T3$[:Y:Q(4YNL*LJC





]?WRX2 $M]'JS

D



MV;0:J6?B:^S:Z 
+ER(^T04!3L5\
MEWZNO
];1K3GE!J^K[:8:*JGDI-S@?PZ.U)YT.

M'G:PM?#0PGM!3H22DAD;
J+R(N-
%ID


JKWB]UM7_(*S5^JJ'PB]99K4B
M-=<58ARO@9[X1ZK2OA@RS7/43

JWFGJWY3&#M)0?
.FF#4?-)B$*
0CK9Q?\Z#))W.




?(V#T$$3C1TV

?


MEZ3DP&^
%+I4JB3!4N%M\4



M!]H09H&F@0$&TW!A]I5!^(])O]'=]&+Q:P FEYYB[#5LZ=KDW[J):\O3


K+
U?M7[&N?7^,HB/H-&-0VU
M]F'$@08;:KR<A]BD%?0QUC4;+D,;]

M-O?TQ\H]O3&7=#GWEL_^-ET(%[


MH&X
(Z4B$U3.ZYK

Q(IR

NK-77Q)]@^F$1@4_=^HFC0N=RPS
M:M!.=?-M5-% JWF(RF4--S97Q%J#(EH)KM:C%W
BYH9?8^EA]MF'&HXL(L_-

M&M&(K^V8!=+X+Z0+F

=-


;&V
FME5!GN=G?HI_AL1&MLQ^[&%5J(5/U\!6K9P@D-$(W11
MBZF:;NH-_X$O7L14ROE-FFB'9A78%VTVR_C] &
7J37VPOYTDJ3T$N9Q6R^/


[0+/?

H06HP$+ZG!UNJI)R'8'OUU K+N

&_DL9Q8


M@=T^F6L*^:/@N\3TF

TF2V9YWJ@*I&EW'?$Z:6B-0_H'





ME_LN*=\1?+
C\3HGX_4.2
KIG;LN2[(C27D;U^4FCV#C\:


M_.7U7.TUOL0?JVO'DKES0[A[[(I-_*ZNNO=U[M@)Q&U\ GD\7&S;B-+_U'



^:






M$:14N].$%'N
%NEI_#@[C<4?+N\P#RG8*(.V=!A.^4]/
XVW:R-T]6











VF\GJ']$60SLF7J1



/MUD4HJ2\Y



::U-H7X NRYE@7).<BZT!\Y#8X+/+OX[V
MIONOD!5:!N.=E#3DMB DLSF8
=PK#NJ.9D+)I2EY;GQ)2@YI*_N#-5CF_CT
M _%0 @7Q+BR!-VH%$:)4 06@$\$[BP16]OGH?&%%PM\@13*$$DQ!=)@IG3N
M


MD\-S:S8])+YPO



ET:FPDA BUUR)D'.YRJLB_570$V


N^8E^



OX ?&OJ

2PV-+_)IJ?;'N&W[A'^=)\?O#T^H7G(
M@R
A*XO@
ZZ%S4S!95;P





MLR6?3R0?$

MIC@U08E
 GUD'*R
3#L3
IT+(Y@J@BT0-W_5M/C/GAZY6YZM*6GS)96:5T
MN%$ECXU5=R&HJR#0]NSO9NSY2=E0;2WF),N,(9K0=_1PON,,%)JZTBAE
M
Z88T)2Y05/?$M*G$])'*T[R4A4%TSX#BRC/@&'PS 3I
Y=3:P
M09W.$39M


M]FSO[FS?79Z(D!/O!
3&=KLUYK4M?LD0T?L5[&IXSC_'$PU'/CUO8RCE=T02N^7OX$_]$#






S')Q&

P73AJ7B-N!1S*;IL]A
D@H#2^\\AIFZ$?(Q)YZZY%=I7 &(_VH0\6)



'5-X=
M!F2=&QVJ]Q.?(W2TV0#-+1)U*4XWQ^7IW8O4[$WL[AW8:YP%_C6FP=WADBM(
\L<;LR]L
'\

M;%72NSRBC[

;/G[]^^W7O9V][2][

=2H_US\
M&(')1)?WB!EB2 )

M[T[_''A9R'B8B$R 3YSR.R
MV4IRTBEB$XHW%S]OQ9\FXBORWU*R1=)T[L_)%I[[VW



(&F?=8)?_?YK8

A968*T'2C 


^R?;[
3S[&TPDN46*81U4(AH7LI013YA*.
^6





M@UUM%=O24_&OIHU#&PS-S28ZM@#W7PT#3GK!O]E7S;!HL)%Q#.5/\5EZT SX

=8D$UG*GJK79V#O:
MK.Q


M?;9$IE1EBH4\&P9W\=_NY#G&AT?FZN#\!X5QA.#_DR3%&4TM(&'-! IE:1'H

MD


OL^U



M[;X [6\:#P

 =;^,U1*HE6!NX#
MZ9VE7#F; 7ZNPM;_+F'KN[7
[RP+UJ9N'LQJD%/MN-R




M4FB928&1)B+H!BE'0B8
&:



M^(4C6






MR4A+*!)3HTI-+P7X5UT.%T[UHG
MIEG/[Z)5O'1'\:

MJMEM_%2M@1NZ]\J@G3)'?]#JEQ6Y J8TA74[A.YO%AB\
*47-^4O[N5YO#FV


[ C%L-=Y6:J-
VD_'$4Q\A0'D



[QZB!L^V
S


)U3$#B4&$2Z2D



7A!I W/'IS

H2DW'LN X%
-T!YWIQ+]DB$






=7M0

)U^0%6D:Y



300J

MAWN+M

WM%I930 PY$0G4

'05:93C5]





M:MN=J6J3]1)2+[#!H/(834
6B! :9Z'3(( *I?$+=[B_==WV63T_(0Q?'3M
MT^3/'LI9J^JZ3L__


91LO%L-E5?Y.M:='URN:M!Q298H6VFKXY





J.MSY&Y\(1Y05+$'$AP!?0SU2QDM$8$
L5PG!#
15
M_PS.K;PVZV0T8-[9(F\2

Q9.ZC7



MQT+LE.4LXA_J/X,GLF;L\?J=I5.*@@P^L1*XUIL$%JHN8O=-:TH.3^]3OM



4)U1FF G-+9:)2


MUB@V8.SUBZ8Q\3&A?7E
6X*E&:[+9CR2RBK)U=PMUZTD:\%=


M%&O'C:0:
R%UQKVK(]O60XC=')

:NY3K5%B5TI2H[ [P-6E3CJH2T-\<ZU]-
M?M2DX_V3[2%3<(6#E
'FT-%2/.7@
0LU:GU@B5:N&&QL45( 000I3S+4D45







M(:L1=@A$%&-:ID IBKVN+HU?7

MF5YY_PS0WWI]^#K6'\L;/S:[#:U:L=!@[\RY?E[C;]32HFQ7TAZ[I=D&].ZJ
M;1QC@YBB)E\/E*R6BH$XH6ZAH




M*(])C&DG(:S_=-#




MPXM
FY

$JUP?4
M$C(%V0%]W3:Y;FNX0/ *[3'<'H231&ZH6IH- 61J$W(2B%GFL@!@ <0Y#




M*LC!N#)N5$)2NAFHS^?'&QBS%H@%^3(/'8#[?QQU+IL&U$_QYU^-]WF\

)7+AIER


0IT#^/[V&E;





PJYY$.OF


P%_)Q1'V]B(-]4H9




MMN?Z_98K

4K(CY)S]5LQ5\&^-K-P52E@4


MV'9
QRT^Q(8R



A/:88QW;/CK6.Z
M4AY\\[/IHL\I::H%:L&56)U O!O=G/]\







M?BDH\X.^*Y/#8@'_V/'AL@N[W 48.(H=&(7



M#CLC0@

MT\.=;8 S^S?A[Y.$!8BO

MV


*'

T)=


]9@S@1+J&%&&()5*JV5'K1T9W)%)=AU[FWE'E=9

K19($WQ;3E(B




MRF*'J;)*&

P?NO
M3G2G;4\0UAD&%'I4J2%5(AJ:SV'/;)!R!!)@

MG%KB !=*N4L1E@V I%O6:)\$(*XK00




;%HG8 7-WI




MU.YL57IL

M?*^]F;UH:[A6 3F7#3EZ@7CL8ZS9

M0F

MW/

:SK]*A+2)9;PIEGV0L4






MB'&(
B^1U%* !B4HP8(+KMC&FQ2ORF.S&-D_C:WOA:A2MP4MOJ]6E'M R.(+

M


MAK
D%.:;KBK[XJ/
UU \32NIZZ* /








ML;L7JDSDF&5$J\5I9G3:B5J6&2I%FH-9;WQ%MAMM6\WKXOW01VN&-;AQ_V
MK@X(J)
[/Y*#G6-R?!'4Q6-X#XSO IYQ\^/J^'Q[T@1&#\C?%+Y/CR_^^7%X


OUF4J9KG1*I#(CS%&-$J71(
MI8PCPWC&+%:P@=G&&X*G^S:_[C)!3\A69-*#OEZ9'Z\C\&KM8?X*W=^O\DA8


B(N[/

3



MK+T
J1S#A%R@?SE0<
M&Q,;1/YVO*^UTV*C&<#OMP\[S4XQ/RS+&7M=5B-UZ&6\0^3\6Q2QCOFTC1S




MN0_AL/$CEWEML&$660X*.(4= K4[HTA9D6E'9
8R'
(Y'MP9L+:N+EPT9PU5

M]VP8R7FI3AW27:=^(.5AT'^IUI6Z[FW\:WRV

L[-<9_4.SEW)UFF

MK2HO!=C0UXUKI[K!4=J'RRYRFFBZ6/1MRB;2N&KVSQH=0. @&EJ-8-+M-9KM


MQ/P^^(+S+4'N6YGM]JIMBY576V:PF&[E/'%#'8QB+5@B;DEH[-O53^-K7)




M=NQ4]^BJ4PNUY83:S11






T00 ATQX@G2&&085R3$J \Q(DP?7

MW#*^ =PJ;_7B
N?KV&CJ

MD]J!%I6X!,J4HT$(1I90S7)N!18VQ#(3%=(T6JYNHUXNK[@I&:D1_&R..(
M!( (QIPFR42&%EE%@FG8I2I5XRFQFS
D3R=#:1
OD6!NMNY_[UN_+UFGOR

MEZ]?KV4IG'6-YL7E(




*4@%[K-*#CU#&D)7?




MFJZ]S!A-F% 

M8Z;QJ&R&!27.
D0

MQI@+V5DAQ\-G2-HL0\YA9^!H9H8%D^/6= S-L^1W/!W]_Y]:4JRSI+@%:M1R

^;V
M=W^H!^
1.[A^+1IU'OKW
4!H/X\/^@(#4ZTR:/]]ISM^9O?JGJ[C/5W3$Z*L
MHR#9$#
46(=HBZ1




/XBTB<

[^J%F\K%V\3I=R8H
9(C3)&.**)TT@KGR(B
&-9D'R*A&1Y
MD=6E09X=CN+:];A.


X





M6]

P+!



MPG&&%+
$CHC@B%0)09AF1C%ETI2KC3=$/CBC\Q4;'-;I/#4U@23%Y]J7':Z
M40AT_(H/EAJA/ZMHK8N+W5/?AU)V(.CXZL3SHE+)9
HE98BFH9XC\1ZY(0V

M1\[]CISF!*C7F4J45@1EVF-$


M.SCB@M13P0.?^R9#QZ:O??@B;^;T1\$7SOZYX&1DG



M85BR7J


M+L

Y
PWWZ]*9@$4 FZC0T7%L3^!+V)$!K-3XB,)Z
M7H)I$[#)]/IP</Z9Z =G9XU2N@0XPM/\V9M^0VP4TT;&ED&7T&P
(0U*6=2

Y:<$
M3M($E7^
66;8 JD\
X^3=]51'W5A2;SK KT
#3?\]SM=*I%M^]?AFI.
89LD
M)D7*2H]HXN%@
8HC2XAD-DE-)E2

M
%X

MID)028U@BF6))M@Q@Q/'@C7YP3*K5Q5:N=D9Y+4=$V6]FO9*N76SO_



&PE'^3:

%M2I?2^N/QH :UQ!0.$EP$8#P


_C(
MA#.2

J*OQ(_$R*&?@1







 B^Q188Q8QH]1!:B-*M&3&UP617F$/P0RK8U*#Q44

M
UV!0X+\5M)C+7F7D[S)E.355&/K%$69L0JT79

M]DGU?XNGWI7K@H)LC=[W



M2&+!D
D4)QEF*7/I_0
$'U%RS08D^^H\A*NV5

M:

;+_)T<

MR6 \Y/!; /-#BV]_?_N$..L-%P9A(BFBH:NEL)Z@5!-L4ZL3].--R+=S)(5
MVWN?OT)AW;6WEG+/VK6WEG*/*N6NAU(N8W-0B/X%/X#4BXC2&5
(^^LQ2XU
MB9!TXTW*-X5853Q9W;;WWDP:'![!U5/4)IJKKORFX59/;_5NRU/^4;48NC

6

(22QRU!L'V:42I3)&V/D/
.*P4SC)K0[VQ;%
RL4;\^WIM5^_'



MM\D&\&.-#
%XE@6 F$H Y@!W+0#W%( 6V=T\




MJ_2DX#J_;/GV
F=PT3QVKKX_:+G11[XTKXH5'L\OV:T@-+2CU:1/Y'7




M
92Z-/NLK.!8.4\)]8X[3[0E*3DK3)!.!JN;JXTT1'/HP$\X=9R33 7VM




MD@!CE#AR.@^HSVV/=20$!1I)DQE5M5$=ID_

MB3H)HT30&G-;
X[5@JV/TXS#N.2$



4'*7H+((]3$@;


M'A$C#.@M)LAQ;Q&Q(3(FN$LBGWTV5ZE_J^O-Y[QN9=.SVP_UO&,1^ 70EFJ
ME8U*.RZ-M\GF#;'@O.8!7E7?E&CT1+1:'^:15AK-%.$H2B!2G#



5J(GLRCG=&IEX$;#WJ!@<S=JQP5R+CH$JBF8YXFH&/(1XH
3*^OX

M6(/BIJ035S$:+WT^MK!XR3KY
J5TIS/U[27$=2!)[OD

A(BX%0Y8FCX#_


MZA5V=FV#RR;A#T[8JH
8JZ:Z3DH-](

N

?%RF.V8HG??B&HC@&/EK7RBPEB@0D#BQV2BHAJR*8
M YH,LEZ9'/.VA!FJHLDSPKEN<K&L!B!UI]@:'5\ .C[! .^:X3Y2DWG[U
7








MQ%11RSWEDAYLY:_!!!


M*/ 0DFIS\W0BP%N'!PI(AV 4_



A^8E@0-:*G)%MO1@]7)_YDB-H-*%





G?=U)09
M)W&B1 A^FPVI=W]YNW_1.CO0@H


MF80NS
I
MGD4#C?\O=L+[7O\SZ





J( C$+H;-#!)\LBHI@IX
M* ?I
D(F@YT



:
WY:D57'-$


YNLV)'+W[\!

M=_


ACMSKOA]S_!X/12

^_+ <TI4Y$
MY(,WF?AS9)1-B&%&?*04-E#G!@WPO=Z YYO^]1V@!Z$!MCU8Y#.08Y-Q4[O
MK.&&IT4C[1 3;%IH'%E0F2RWQ]%V87-R 
SWVZZ
U V&_JBZ1G6P
U^\%SBX

MG_]^
[I&I1=M4/3?[P6ITIM2H0MKM/H].YC%\HEGL%K^[BPU4/MGH.*A^6

M][0.V/J5YS;UYU%_M(@3L#3(]:/]@6RN7?_==L[L^6#MOR_?+=SJ]*.]VU-A


9KS@+BE1#M/D@G&1$F\5_(6

MS&QLEWP@%.SZ$

MR[/?V7[G?*^B';#0][&.CERAU]^W#P1- 1Z]1 XK#CZT%
AZBXOYPMQP@BWU
M\W-I+\=&






-.=3K@+ME^#HC&?ASDS3V=F]?6.RGE #3-5^U1*Q\^

MK7
$1T8#P9HK6F9UW@!P_.8P'ZRU/?@



3:Y LRFA+@B =F8!
)4RH %YUP7
M-2!JWIZ? 
9!$M!QD4SL/A#&PP3S1J










MB20U5&'LHP\B-]^85S$+:DW@A4*R?FNW_U7&#T$XVMU.%+[9R8-1Z!0L1]
MU921]WF9;XM5ONU-BTMY&[6XC


!WENF'95D#V.;N(7RHVVO
MUY4L.
1DAYW3\IR@8&YGO6$G'\T
\J^+Q



M4 (#EL.#V1F A]#O=8!0I^P5S^Q#SP


MAF$G[J;+QF+P:]?8[!_X%!S!22!M*'!5&C!R%&B(\Q3LM).6
7:U9F9%/;LK







M



A3#/ 2X[QUU.
FM9OT:*E2)[N'!0M9&?+QBKTG[YAD
M!L?


MU[G90D1.Q(@(P4H+%@GE;FUC*6?

K3C%;M/




+;DHK Y[K8R^/C$G


S)
$0T#U90RBG+4P[-\B-XSXB8\V:D7NI%NG'S8.P[


L/K[%I1
M;2YHH)P






X.H@
M$3A.5CI&!,G&<_;0;J+_T[:OF8[XZ059U'E3-@\SS










/-2I'!.]Z!IL!F9Z$]P^]2*BW)7[&?,]OL81R+&:*_G)Q=
MLM?GNWN'!S02\) 8021;:<XH1HX9G\P@BW'47&[ML'6Q8R@_5<I
2/KE
4N

PL;_#FT?MKJ O^QM7N=LKC<^#]T@_N\P7Z.B
8.*XK?DLC$NLE%[ZQ<[G5:LC@N X-UCCEOK ?6S+@%
M_)?2Q #^Z55D0F!'\4#</E.QAG_NMJ!6UL_:(ZM


HLOBW^('0#5_H2=^ &
M@2$'^&0GGF:MSE-Y9W=X:;'*4Z%#[*9T4*QIG@K:)
VELM-QB$RP0*)XX





M**F8O



=LB@S;]G%975 M)O.K5V2@
)J/HBAL[+*N7

MWGC?ZX


 ;K&0
MVMN.'0QV4R4BN_U/^?'O%.=$NZERI8&XO
VD
+PYK]XWJ-XX^(4CU9[ /1R$
M7+M@-45&&# QUBIDHPH(:^JH(T0K;7)DC32EF5/N-1'%SZ B\-.;F^0Q@Q3H




8

EY/L]?WC@26NR@-8M9(!#\&9#$UR&O&

M88)K5S$M2^J59G\W-5NLFR1.FB3RNDEBW22Q;I)8-TE\L4T2;Q';N3T4[] 3

MJK88(;O?I(
%D]#G



MTM_]3P#TLV];W_+W
5@CW=WZ^^C;]W=\9^\+_7;\Y6=K*Z^]=?Z?BW=D9ZMU
M0%F@G@:.#%
8\20=LI1&!(Q(@&!9 [;T:K]N$24).J6H..:8$
V5MYZP& ..



4]_$(Q)/)$"$2+A1R'CL$/:








MSYKQW



M@:U_7I+D&AVNDXJ]U@'1!OBFIHB!1(#_(C#2/L1



2X%0NB

0JV_WH3WO]F5+%\3@1

M_- IEZ'6OY'^??]R((-GPE%@J$.G 2:^W4+@&EF;0^RJAM;OCW!(SM 7)0
M
[;[R\[ QM-LMABQ++_?IMCC)BCJA-@1AG@P_D#AC\8@!P\X:SJ-D6(\]Q


%2BWB=6



_;MF




MXWCLI-_4U!


M!/6G?EWM:+6_
[W&CT\ZO?
8X8-A%-(OKP%-QAV3G/\E5O[LK0F]$$@4FU

@(.$S
^;4TV)ZU3WIS/6/K-
]L/XYK5U3W[?&H:
/$Q=K8V?^:AT@G
/0XYFK5IJ2RJ=6-!:OS$P<G;D;1;)7/9T6

2G

#<=<N?=4J0NT&!W/GD+;
*U$N;U9;9SE55^BOV


X9#D5++=&:




LYQ$
[6#UC+]H$GEN
@#/)!$L03Q4@G

^Z^6CD_)(8(Y;]_L=
MT5\^%/VO8GWOI

MZWV





MJJV
UF'I



M!ZD/_=Y@E?I#O020:ET%*2(PSH*-'

-EM@6


M]Z3Q)(\B9;

MN_



@)W
UPO'=DNY4L[N26^0/PY']Y283U[OD#
M(+NY[
R4\!


60M[+500&V P+WEFWX2)\YUVK2L1EE1:/5F3R@$)
M(=:YNO[E^U:9$+JN[UAELMAK$M_ODZ]KL0O54MX[
DS$70IXJAKO9R_AR2UB
MOO%


MNWOOV

M2XZ]




M

;"&8LQO9/VO=Z0
M\%8UO+MQWHZ=Z]N\OX/^FFH\DS%PT7L]X(='#T)C(PV]A*(O-0B*?%D^7
M^#-51


M0JNQ29ZY1
I519HM2'(Z!10HM30Y B+EM5*^6*(=:V4+U8II]BVYI2S!&XN
M$9@AKCQ#SHF$K*#!J*H).F.2OG0?CE3M42$7JT/9/)*019ZTHK!^;/W\F.A


F/MBI&

MU(.+'

-.
4RRDOCC=D G/9#RAHNG9S&6%\F]*O*B\]S)HN2[


K9Q
G1PBR B








MV
^\!OCRT]UNG_CN7VXQH\#%1C#U!-$O':(,XV1M9(BQG*S:4R)]WIM@\Y.
MYONO$;4][8&+5*K+*%1VOWL072[0%7[F?&/WCM1F^/C''/
FU2$[)JCF!WP







-B( &0T2WR6KJ3;13RB(\/J!



QZ)J$EN;4#!7(/-UH8*@:GSQ)E'-M=[5X^CRU V


(I!_(2GX
-CN#L9/,J B#F.L! CP]<)K([

L7?+&$B\-XY%)([T2#IBH3LQZ'4LQ)IA54(MKJ'TV
6X=B.B\ J.(


M+B6[C-





/*MZL&O4[+[^S?K#U@WU9[ZP?[/
\
MV!?1GG2^19P*4^6ZCYDXP[7LBRYQN =NS'E _;S*56X\

%[?K3V_'F+
M?L0[7]]=['_-Z_C4:=%OQZVMG?8._?)SY^W5)A


<#2KG\0<







H6CQ4-%H*K.EZT5!1KC5%
$QDM
M2QBP2P.*!661H08CFHS%


M&\F18S@BX8
/&%
G@@$



MR/\0N4*+IIOI10A]^O=D5E7OS2ZQJ&;'JIRLH\RW/V[RZL.-
C8VX*X&)O
M



48Y)+DFB'&MD5&
GX<X*KPC&7#BF.+.& ;!E.&CA


M





M5!DH%CE9_)$-IK9@]I[H@LZW(1*.$
Z0B&6)6/ 266L


6V%- %)+1S83%@BQ:G-?8$-
MQTYB(S:V


W-/8=86S3XK.;8_E6-?WA_Q


MI=W[?'#X_DAR08A-_AUO.6+


5JN#57(




%Q0)U
M)$26


HJ[S*70O-^^Q5S./N35/98O@


KQ 4KH%69;?]UYUK/ V68*J]



%;)IL&<RCD<%67&



#R'%

^\I?F[]XT7'CTX:JW'F
M6[7:+J=?

I@CH&(YA$
PI
A$6
:\'S^]^?#V8+?8?[-SN%GL';P&

ST'
%W/ZI^*'FB^#_<7.D@^3S<HI
H*-CY94X)SP4Y![(*&U)*0^6.6.4E%RK5)U














*A7Q_N
:$IF(&5'.&Z7PQO;H9!#J .42YJBI*]/@9C$<VX^ <)/FQCWM=K+
M] 97ZH^/3^8(
M'@5C&C+1OE6-O



=F2












MQ59H1H+)/1^9WBS+A[*$;\9MK0NP=0$^%&R\F[C[AIZ_-IWOJPF[&51(A%*$

MDC-9!N.4#

A=[!S


LY3;C(F







O^T?$BE &%I 5)4=
@M9<([W^[I?_
6?G/^XT+^;)4JL&
M[Z215
E 

\'8:_$[@



&U.J

M[P)Y8


(%\WOWP&GYABV#GN


M&]I$

D8TN^%)$I(,FB)4^NR #DIQBQHRA6)#5BJ$R.QKM .]D
MPALLG$+#I&O9)H_;[2?+L'#C01XQW<B31.%)&$R.L3B'<T3),U&=Y *L3NL


M .RPT]WT3[KP

T-JXD^(_8S
 K=*]G+MH=I)G

NIT\Z4'X3_C
MSJ 6DPDP=X;)U'!A#KD .AZ$XBR
\C
L0/T=YP9 4U.DGY]S+:3IU#M07_]*


?R


^%X8
CRU.^0 %*WKM0(
M

M
3H)\(KL7P'D&O(M\-<M)(.<K
M_%OEC
WFFM8FP\P7EQWTMZO3(40RRD@LM7;
!:*(-$1:#URG2J-Y[2#61#[I

_'=A0P@SMW3\N#C'GU[N/_E8'?GRY$0

MDPC;#K//@1#YD5=,T( -LB;JUXG#09@$95<Q
B
*H4
 +_*K7*Y)7;*VZUH
M





$D=/Z1# PXG(HMOC\/TYN+

:@44T2IVS)JY1/9)B1YF4.$]J02'T0
MNB''6'.&4Q5JG%!M/TND2O9VN\5P[$X:LKH 4Z3R;U[_?7M9[)O+(A4. TC&
M6\4S0O5O 7BG:
12W?

1E4P%9
MMC#]J;/PE_?\B(/4%#P(!(*V1$Q:C6P@$D4LM568



M*@QF7NF1M$9';VT
KLPP_$K;[J%AN'^B


M-9=









22(&8\128&A3R//@3OG6/T

U5S?'O

M;VT  FF$*/&I$$@&-EH/+1.E4&'+R(UV7/./1F@\D]UX$3FZGD'X_4TCO
MJ0?:RH\7HPMF4ZQEH ^L




MU)$M98F$I#+04DEJ;9YP3%?X9V\.:%O7[%
&M*UKMG7-WAS0MEG:+U8QS'IK

I$0/S.$6P

MVK\8T#E(


4+4T3B0SB
M&(
)[81!-F**2&:1.TM&$!/44V\A&!F_Q]QW29AP:[;?+W



ME ^0$%X]TBL*&^_[8]L-.4EU??KJ2T7
()EE48=4XRPZ+VU):!$\5\
+QT



0_1P;0#?SK.Y^VEX4@_)VHOM

M_E_X6+.XFH
D 18[[P\[Z0.O!J$+G_P4?KSH^-%)PUXSWZJ153G]BK& H\:C
M]5\Y
X/C3J_!9'HE3

47.WCS



MN?U84GIG6/3CQ'M7Z=W&A;=9J^$GXZRRESU?@4-[!3BTE]./7 \.1U-PV/@S
M?Q\/W$GZ]K/'@'__^Z1T9__JF;_T^.W'#Q2PX.4^X+C]C_YL_^.?IQ_^VF-_
MG^W1_4-X[^

46

M%!9.U1?F# YS:'Q_
PN3CKN!Z57 +I0F/[

H[XA.;;BWS: $4


^GSK-E1QEE $=-3*$)U

&JB\M










LW\=X-U^CN_O04&LW9-5/%F?ZN+(H9
MJ?=C!7'A12!$H,3A&+1K%RP,D(%+BMT' .QG.;ZQO19ML8:
/NKZ8W-X+*H
A21F(
14^=]01#
/.@2KP&7$3#BG
M9

M%MRD8^4)#2LI-AE?BX97F


22.=J?OC1E\M6!BUG&AU]@F9W8@6NF6 :P
M:A7PS^P\653U?
=4?8)[_3\Z[RCQZ'G@+9V06)W^\/Q(!S
M'7_JPJD_


M\]N_WN
/'_?+U+?QX*



!FDOKPN'#1B;$9B@2T\N6NDCE12R=H*6+E&'K
M5AU]






OL[#C3C=;LNG\


MU/IX

MBC]FRYG][S_-]C7;^!7TYK-1\.\FN24-L



;42:

MXZ
8?0 D9)%GK@2JX52HL0H6JNUP:4SSF?[\EH=EIT+)_UQ\BBL](/SOLY


TTM2 [K

[
!5=%:E:X1CP;O.T*1DB/U;.
M]S@SIV'BHYX^^*28--\J_W'1+\Y3TD9.U_#3Y575THM)^]

TYPP<OE#-.=J;;[5H6J


M[91M$B



T3J6))JTS 2:4D;(;0\]5LP-R\6
O9Q5/:724
ME%&*&?NQFY27YT3-SFS-4.W2JK^+JU#WN-M%62BGRP+H1.GJJRY5
VI]\YQY


M[9M+W#[!@)5R)[
P:([35Z*MN4

8V7043YKM2
M)&58[?$D
:@8-^G6^=VJ:!KU+U)10W[_O-L?+8,?B*L)!WFB#H7\S;)175



M5@LMZPP?('5T8WQY*QI/Q/M^&/Y
#_DDJGX?'71^V3GBSEGM@%H!Z5/$(A'(



?]J2$L?$
MY?WK5E)A&,XZR/1ZJ2W#?Q(;YQJ!S<8#V!]7IFPBY6KE,_GFJ;ZQ;OOLYVHL
M\]-5X&;^$1.VR7N2713ALZM[+F7_V_)IPN:
ONB;SO]767EU(4-^9RK*RY?
M)Z

?Y;1E=OYB%HCS-=L@*L$D  (RH[K!
M1:[(KE?24

8
&X%Y,-9KZ*Y!8FV6H(^
M%^QS;6_6&6F16V=F9_NO IF1D0E)U[R\F<63 ;0K=HR!Z<Y-I1$:QB3P9:!

M!F_I:WMRSU5%/7DRV!V'O=X!K.'P(G0_A?T


M

M04]XR^?4B$%(CS'N1=
95

VGK3-HZD[;.Y&75

E*==4LVOD^C?%!3.Z]Z?QL).G-B3P

F,;N'G9*E[7QG4\2$4TP3]61(;Y@$LQ812-I-Q


M



#-[ANY3^
?J7Z8[#=ZRL)DUD
MX-[[-
VG$)3ZQ5&5LN41_A-RL)XB6-./4 PH9N; NB-H5:#C V P2.!T 4

MXDM5

.UCDH4GY7-5#LGWR;#(3
M9B6);3):I4S.ND

GQG



MJ*DD:HU0JH((\42G\UQY=*20?C4Z8^',^O?K/TXD[;&R8R;A( #?(GYTDW


MH(HF2#!.QFGWAZ/A4L7/W [.[V]2::/$;I.'! $\ZHS&S9KA ZD )WL:%BV$

CO@FMZ@Q3I[@-KSZ^AG[;+:I.7=+S2%M:DZ;FM.F

S+!!C6I5CX$#'3*!_5-*S5F%**J PI8
G9E=,2_K@R4%_?HO8QKPG*;*XR
M7=/TM?D[-JVM%BZZZ%)?XZ1K[(XK'Z[N,G!-XD9B@)S9?@,NF@7=S1<;SDE_
MWH36DZ9/?I:0&A8X9TW8+2*%A=LC@6_Y*KK+]#+U



HB^\G&-G(DQ0G[/1!@Z:Z;MRMVO6 REB4=A?YSB?F4ZB\!O.+K\@#9.QJ


MB/


NS


M[#_J!DP_F




4\2)\J/@R4ELM1L];*TZJK?-P\\'PAPVPFH;LB. #(




Z?_<$$FS!


M$^/P_SK)C@'
^Q-LV&G>@_W0_739*_ZOYA]





MA&(L
ST*Y^3Y0/;_=ANJ7X71?T


6


??O7_YU!N]??OCRYLO^[@[<ZP/]< 96^B%8\KNGEW_SW_O'I?[E_5W_OWK

M-ZQ;X?8TA-O!ZXEPBZ(4%GN%A*$.
(T!HQZ0RR
MI08@1[37(@K!+'MVPNV!7)!/V1K/J8=?U1%);K=?*P7X,Q1I#V




MA

%(-@I
M$VE$3D:-N&


#/RI3NV&\7DJ9

MFA?L6)2]^3'0?+DW)V\TA[E#G#.
.)'@7DBLD/51:ZI
BB8M(YKG37X]1MZY

)480Y+&D$U'BVST'E&B88XP




M &9TAFGZ:^!:%[#IQF&CTQL
?O2= 
#!R5$&X'G&_71KZA]U:__7E7;M

M@T%10


'-!([_<
M?</*Z;&'=V^_WBW^:C_W#(+1RY?+9A6/ELY]&[LSNDI9_8W'_.R_#[]QZ_0
M&/M1\G+&CKW=4KU+SNR)+W6305S]O

V=CG7W^8PONJX7WSD-[Y].[[]N'O\%_6Z=[
MGUIB^^CSP=[5Y-3A5[9WM,5;&^'KWN''[ZWS]X?;=$M\WMBDK3^VX'E^.]@[
M_TH_'_U^F'O-3@ZY[<SM-[M:V*<E
8AG(1 G&FG&$8@1='8Y14N@A.)%-







M:SR]

N%8.&2=T8@Q9ARG


(L



M![8?D;.#&J=FM@=5  H&9(ESY#,F_K=[N7SU=PSZX3QX6MU6+X+:^%MU-+





=\ L+*A(P@#!G
C#54!.+!L##S5#(5
2Q)A(Z;8[U=AC?7!( X'_TR6P/ID





MLG4
RS/?)QXO+33;*[8P_/T8_ONE*;?Y';[G^SX70+TQ6$2J;% *#EFO+ I4



3R(C2R


MZ*-H?8+KGWN\=_2.M0[?G0



M=9J)1BOQIZ


KI(*UHJ
M
6?8$$NX)L;J%*CA45D-M$1D)J

MB4@8)K$.5@O5]8$;LKYSQ5KP[H'K.[3=+[D=T




M+ U$Z[% KG:$*L!]1.!.MZT4Q#-I!%+$

0-N!$.P,0ELPRP8N^3)V?7JY



# Z1%5F4B38&7J873RPU9[)1NV_'KJ@FL[#3O=AIIE,54T2%
M+ #KI9+ 3LHA(*N(J+"PY:C@L?9IL!T[H!J5\L&V(?;E

M0
)31RAN/0?V(AGK22I.\]07

:A
R&
2IX\B%()#GTJAD




.;[RN-,<(Q\7W32F:*XP
MW(-MD_5]04.P5FFDM6(X\1BU$C2T2W4IA*T2]88Z2TWS68*\[-%(07:O-
MLK[O#4LR&H4,PQCE;6R07+D-09


5P+[AE^X+V'#)M16*E):S0!-ZQ]8A+!P8D





M9#OO:U.?&B


%-7K_&VUZWV


'IY




1Y;00A6 J;
MM5O8G7C]J6RSK6Y^&M\YR:.6;9Z\[U^:-C.6&8#3 S

 '7M! B$/\6CXX-L
M$^5/3C;^&6MG9-


H4




KU H_)E#=S/X/CZ+.%VCD#NVZ&
M:4:Q[
L8Z!WHICGFFKR48*: Q;J/S#N:Z2A]
LP2 ?M L-+J_ -G!J*:U& X

MLESOGJ;SM;%LKR7H::53CYICL$)QCX8#K#0DE*#A4FBK(!%K0\3\!%P%P(
MI&''0=Q&ARSX#X@*8YT#4JJZ_!IZPRXTLP#NO14ESK$$VT]3K+B6WA+O+$[:


*CP/(22#PB(WEV3M0L+.







M)_5.S-]M&X/14(Q'PG;.1F'8?N_DR\%U9[YZP*EP[L5MC6YU
+J;_NBIX .C
+Q-L7BFC\1L%



MOKH-$?Y^Z
&)#Y@F'+


MF0]3+Z_6O*#'J?23([C+BYJCO)M_R^BK*E%&+'03J8ST0$ZFEE&UJ-UX(5V4



(!7/_\

ZFND-1[X6RV*#(4T!Y\T%.
(*2YQ98+F*:4M9+

)YEJ!
SAOKC
M.&D%ZH\+]6DC*
(
]O+G4*Q5)2Z?Q
M.D^SDR69B7I5N\Z(

9F

J,I0;)UR2%+O I, RVB1J4#4I4W[#E)_O[6-F
M!:9!H\2)!/K&,/DJ6N1@023L%'. 7W?(#YV13YB]@ N\
/M?GJE%W;K
=/\
MUM&IQD&SD0

IZQNGX!V)=&6)9WSG_/A
MU.X 1F;CI%^=(?O94:ZIX[.YO*YYVSU-?7TE==CN3NDUSI[D#3UX_^5)V4;^

MKSI:$Q.Q/])X ]\8C_.'?JD..@]&Z@NCL_HP -W125IW5@W_QVYU0/S#2.OS





7
7'E6[9'
_?W['_X0 6P?(HL_B+6


MP?9][D8078:3'PK6+
M2)
4D=)

+VJY)+;PF;IN 8




M?GJGR^R03'
2F :^DJ =5(T._

MX]NNNDSD4%X6J:E\U
R+P]


+

 )E[TUIEXA;7#U=&Q@T5'3'!8^ZTQ4)ZHB7F





M]1AIL-!ZEY;:I63M8



K-K



9)9
PA<% B3GK.@J=5_5T%X'T:@\?

V[
I#M


M:R:
%9H;;6TRE'CA

$Y'-I^23K ^
L($9C%G&F!NE(&%)6

4T8KBY%'J^@
 O+U':A +LN8,_I[!=@+PNPIT( F@KCJ<9(.WS

=#Z?@9--JE63J.NYA=?3)VEI?9N-ZR7VHP+I?);[&P C




3JVLX55]W5&]^U&%^C'SQ)F

M;$'[=#5\U2M]K%



W+E[:-C

7FHG/(/!9
-K5]J












MNJGD

*+B^?%O6F7AV=+R&+GK/*(











9$
MFGC0*JA(C(C\JOSHY9@W1H-^W?RY(D0[;0J-YN7GWWGE'DT

MA#V;2
:S!@HF/S-89J$P =FHB=)CFO5=7YM#X'A_1W@L@F;5/PQB[L81:\

-L]:U0V(NS)[2[L





?

MCA\RJ)4FRP Q!29MC-(XJ@WCPE+XU22ROY7G @/Z9SQKF&?_:SCIGT7;O\JH
M?\7!(


E3KP+8;%




0!(I$*N<@9TD<2:-C99;;(*%




B&.&J6=MRQ\*39I OYY6%L9_JX.JZ-









MTBN.N(H)N9 X4EIB(ZTTT;N5-4.:1A;.*YSW:CC/)DQR/^S(P-U1TF@8$8F9

8^LX0I

M9X#S=)

8Q3R:4%8 3K:/01\P!4=[7A.6;%SEMRSEL?

P

5GD8KKH




M1
T=.R[X73+\+K(*J.W1OQ.%?L0S53@&H'U1!#WP2)K7$ !2T&$)PDM[(F





?


M_IBSTJ/P1XW\

M

M/(A#YBP[*1Q2(X?





D2.A%I&R4LJ42$IEI(XRH$Z[DC&@7!2X;@18IC
M% 37B^#I3A?O]GG@*DKMD3 Q 8H=109CB;32BF62,QEGK))#\H?F$H7J3F





2%3I


M\@O#\B)3[P7+CX3EJ1R\E#P029&*N;LF

M?\'RDF%YD4GX@N5'PO)E-CX:'U2B%@F81


MPO\R&1]P?,CX?E*UAX;+H-)2&*1Y4[!WC;&.23
S2$I%S5$%8WN:Y+;.Q)


M5&\!ELX(A8B3


!)@ZW!


NL56\.K
J5%UG5@O@GS_@%YEY+X?
M'_7:7?O&4L^:J0U\[##.X

I22
\D+BI/

M?G[0;\V W@?FLFH-LI:!+^^=1)9JCW#B)D:AA*)F98V3IB9UZ4(N&^CO=#^%
M$9:S[* PPOR

 )KPFP61BB
ML&R']0LCS


S2%OND+.:

M%/*R*


\#^?

$

TGIDL):RR

 S! B

^ 7TL D

M85*V\.O5:BUY/O1Z\7*39:;+#=9;G+!-[GHKB%;1);8*+UXV XT?-YT.[P
MK7)%ERB-FO63B:M]-)ZD$E[-EUZ%IG*E +0Y^R)EE4R#'*D'9)$2-E#!RL
14@1CW+#F;!-(:8\0I\A8AA$)4=#<





EU_\]%V)5_N$U]N


MM#]B7^K)_2

M)? KC1/

M+C'(P;SZ* )%#W,F!@O 



Q(


M(!Y


!

C]/!^8-

 I_4/B:UB:9_)*9V\;
VSRX1'+L\W+L
M=.@\\'4=K!E&#)WA=CQ;)[Y-+4)U!EJT1R

MZ70\V]/-


Q */#


MV7BLNA_XQ-



HRJA.E5M,W*LP Q =DONWF_N;GU@(2


-2EQ'
XEI
P:?+Q1I(.J[EN8- W'^TCV]S\4VMT9$D
M?.Q8?H*$CS;!1R/#P07(,#1#)V;H1\3T78VX+GK!O W23'?C$#Y\HY
?3X2



Z1P/R] MW?

M)J:JA\3SL12[2YW09J'M

9(*'48)9'

M(M-Y+JKK&E$()HUE




M+B2:[1N:M2



M3*H;Q#



M-LX[:E^!;8DW^X

^DE/@LC S?
M#353 


MI'ZD
5!N3

MU7


Z($#H!

M&0OIR$)_3OTS7=?NJ=)]V

MI/PUHEG!LOY8H0-86$5^A'4%^R-\J%E:L+HXH&

4F@FQ



B+ZAH 'O :- KW]R9J7DH

MEF:ZH:?9U 6-T79!473_U&S[S=

5K_L0X/E[&VM4TV=633.PH7:O;_XHG@=




M!(@'0!N6O2ZE-$.=8;/&WU4XPYMP1B^K

G





C1J8JS2Y]5U'P7XO_TXTWQCZD03__!!T
MZG6-KP6U.*9^W(^+




MX
K ;'X2BKM/4R*(3.#%A)%4(+
MXWXTUP$<F\(6-P

+%M2*








)\J=Q


OV#/X.YQC-NJL;J+_M7=:S*D2K]O^)%7V@6

-'=02@S(A%N0CP]=N
M)ZM&Y'U,2+2

M.(2^\D27.A

H./
M6[GG4%I?+2=UDGHX[%-!JR'+


M=5=+PS+-N(]

M/9[?G9?I[]



XK)_1$

$XL(&4_+&W46O()P37))-TY@VPQ#C8J#%?;?
!U*
5&+_:L5M%PI'X?*X4

V]G9




+YM&F^Y ;.HZ=V;PK/KG!Y3Q[B62DL 8-G?JMZ+M9#
M-().(OFKGBXS4%AF(/6*VC,<)]]8#L,HDX/1A$2XKT(_C\P'&<GJ?5;]5.S%
MQXT$13',WQ\?5TWD'9]GUPP8+3I@WDTND$G;W$DLDKRA%]Q2I;80^&D*??W
M+S



YKJ!OW)]TKY33BZL+T#ZPF)FXSI60+R=7)[_R@FC\Z^W%)2@DY\K=_?79


UDF_ORCG1
FK@2CU






M1-I
72T[!4];@<AZF1_+M&#2$[^<8G


;N


8Q.K!9)G:T

F(9N7IKVAP@X7C3
QNGQ6/N&/T;I!^'2N?






MA&5Y+QYB%/WR9L[)/E$ Q(D
;$Z%$.\_&69Q7RDC]ZXTRV60O47N]H
B5:O-


5HERQF9)T



]I



MIH



0)[P06)(91
!G6?HDM7(=$


MM)%BN37&L:XUBX-^H3DL7^4I(UFXQFM369N8RHNKC-W\?MN]P\RT@L5)+LJ

3%O+DJ VB?2_2[\-1H^88
M3R&[2CN*AONEA4Q]0E#+/ +G(!Q4$0


M!

.90=3&WUY6=6)('QCQ
T:_$AI!I]_3_B
=

MYPNFGFU^7BE0ND^'.7M???@0QOFP3\?OXX13CC^T@!7K@794
=A2^RO;+R__


(FK535.@F8+L.T7QE(28FW;*(92P)ECD0?L\6




M9BPOLA@KEI2B=Y3$Q=8%[V&9)FL*WD


GJ@D;5MIV[9(_!X4J=8^WD?:MAN(WS8'+J3X





L?92Q7;F?ME7Y40=%J#8=

MC CCI3(

?*78]*
;)82KWAN\*X
6IH7KF?\
M L]PKO*9X4WB- *



'UL:@KVRCG6VT



MC
.B5[;;?


=P8.&G][6=6)(7U@Q
\8_4IH!)U^3_N/=)R_.9XB






M^I^Y\F]&LSY&RX9I!KB8*/S0=JP@ (UE_.8HSF%4RACN5$3)_W
6
/3@*H8F
M2CG@O0-:(!C'B=+E&3'*OTYO+]\K;^-W_# \]
?RV-PI[?/SWN]ZC!7Y$=PP

A([Q-7'J\M3@)^B-<E4K(LKC

9'VF< V/P2TFZ#$3&(\QS;XTIVSI\&==UGJ'%/Y1EF59XA7($[



(
M1?64V


[RJ?K





M&[IV#



MAP370U%B;^EX@!MP0RZA'5TV, BX57ZRPUGH=!)


MGX&$6 FQL_'0YV04Z3LX%
 ]3Q/:#Y7[7CH8'GQJF 1:;1S:^)9&$0[*$


M

MDF


)/H!!;1B%




W.E'-

MFHOH4P=\6/C/:L]]\K:E

M%(9;U+F58-&7




S$7 








MTC%O-[$M$6X\NIIB0QXLTTY[.MU2H1-#VE$+)!]7XP&E;_?/5-1;EDXC'+


OY! V(K[]96_[%





M+2Z';!1F&W1DI\L9C[.L
ME#@9]6CC(=CKV.GZFP)K&$_+'FL)&.
)U@

M5;=6




P@Y8#:U
M([MA'3#0

M%*)FUHHN_+^B5LRI1PJB0B:80+
U!!@V)E(_DRZ

08+?5[


MZD NGS^H3

:O:;]K-O++!=:HNJ)4(*2J7:F7\A+*AZZMB$QC%PTZ_
MFRJ?+4FQV3GBE1LHH
I^#2GY2V^B :9 4FYH=^8@-\M3/2NDQ*Y
TM([
Z;6


;H0AG[\;FXG
LB-@8UA^JY.\LR!@KZA2L6
MT CS.]:

U#4_[)_W@L[4R9E8Z9JZ(UQU6&OE^YW




M
^MLSG_W6WL+P?OXB.:3-1C
M0=4WX6=*63AW_15\@\.GB6J1#Z;4_7/Y$5&7R<<PO7!$15CK:%EH(1'CCQK









B%L-])8+Q\R''^A?ST9$UNO8S(]]FK6'NUO)QZ]A^VF9$MH9Y]TP:




M:[YT^)'

?#(


6_PS.'8C0TVY#)(=*4
-#)9O
$V'ILKR

T.6$[DN

M[!/E\I;%@'=!66=W***+$\5+A 4@=U5U5_5C1ITM92XL+8/MZG+O\!#Y43HS





M
70VK7V'#ZZVUYX<T
5/NB

M8B'-EINX



MR6D?*X]H1^


M1GB





^8;[YM]_'/5XO9-%=^










3'P7I= @[7%AAZ

MJGT7
5I07@9P9*DAJ93)3FL2INKE.]T$
B:'J3$7#I)Y

M);['^6KZ$5_
T^(#_KI8K?Z!ZY?E;?@T=X*3&2[CAY^48KXIB-$@*N&U
L)6_/BSIP


MKS=V]Q^6'B
M33;(R 
DYR^ BG6P
\ S^:***=J;Q\^X#H%QK_


&_F'^G=B^5G C(IR41AE/WS1
U91+@663T)5!\
MG0MY=EW
XTT08W*:VBE^;S$W4_2K)9Z%:?[YTQG.5TAF:EBI;X^P%)^#3I'T
MY


M)T%*;WD
P&0D2)G3HBQ0@F:16Y%S)J/;/^M\!]7XG*'#S$


M*-Q$A!2$S[H$J5R7_?FGCLCO']I?9N6O!FB]2R%8!

M
6+J&M3?AC



$1RE#
M5EZ0@8XA^

;\(L+&\
TUDMI
D9LN4.
M5$@&8E$&+-DYM#G02FXZK2D/P!F3G]1^33E4_JVY\.-B?K[Z L48ZU#0NRFT

M%?(







M9D7'



?*JS;J;

MS&JBF#3)1 \T/D8P
L%(]

MH@M1MH


MFK_+Z7U%W=$++)Y[B^31IA)J21=IR






Z9W7F620HMO87]59 J






M7UW$?[%HIK
L$%!'(%M8*W(&#CESH2@$+$IU.6W]
)RM4H[LV^)+ \6TJ[%]



-@7@KA:7J[&

FO6
MJZ?Z3D#'=/SV9#1KJ





MS.G18?;J/
ZFZ64I6$MK380JJ+CVP$-=36(A T 3GX9@171#[8XNY^JW1O@5






!M.-[Z
L^F[07RK2;+(5
P!;'*U YC1$'FDE1)=\4[PHD.GOEM;
M8]SU/L4W1ZF6.NQSVJ7Z6R_/!C0_?\)EFI)
)LJXP*2FHD,]9H(6_0T =R
'+QG5G<[5
MQ =39%(1!.K:!(2^^-H.A.).C%H$#*)[Z';( +Z&RQI'2AGU57[S_6Q7.?3

.DZQ)P^UL:8%9X6VJ62DB*+G+O9#H':]UO%-K*/-M-2!


KMX&S[5MLBU'1<AK!=8'RZEE((W0DH+VBAZPEH


M\YJP6Y3915'@ \6R\8DMQ;
=[&LQ'99\'EY9-V(FF)POCFDH*EE0K#:)4#Z!

M

9+D-%B1&6N7L
M:4


X;
MARQ#@WSO/^Z7Z2?
DYR3$B@T)%$M8]$28A$)DA2LF*BUMW(K?FYXP9B6EP.U

+3Y@BVU.Y5^\8
MTSK25[][2;73JB+IK=I@HA'Y0F96.@B\5K(W-LJ2D2?-&ZPJAYWF?EU5_K+\
MMKJH 'JK(WLD
^Z



1EY%UNR3X&:C1K34-B-%-I]C_
M&M.7UJ3+*
6DB*ZPJ*IZ:0$SGH!(I%C%!EY17WZ



M!V9?NJPW#
RW?UF?N'S/P38[



$5I$)%&C!RMJ(DC0


$Y*3)B85W6]@?1
MC






:SYID(CVM+-H)ITX43F\&O6-H
MW;=:ZVG(UDBCG;8O-T\02Y$]ERE1\%4[/F1-WV&2(#AC0GOA#G8=ANZ=(M
M7W



Y&.4 ^A41!XK#SJJBWERJ/S;BKK2QA
MB\P^.'&$49.'KGW7@


MW0$?^TY&Q)!

%N8SVK*
MIV*M)GQB53$.45,D5/?\16;TG=04B@M-O^%!J)/2[A;:,6551D6]_75Z=/H-
M*!?GRXDQEC/)H2D.$7CY+%ZIBE(PL UUPD5GMS@5:!CRJN
BG1[:?(T?*NS

M/W#V$?^^F*_?KR;.^Y30U][PA:RQ3+4
=T:(A7M
EGFM3NKJW@4\ID3+J/AW






M#E%W





SYO:DY.$
\_A-_*Q-T;!
MU;XIIZ7+M4TDMYH6*PJT0\@(3/A@HE&US?)1$Q0-?/-S_[;<K$B9T[8A$XE

MPK
EINEE_IM

]2*'E



(5


M]2BD.-460XM#K-L_O'.ZM_^QUI\P[K4K
_Q=F]'?A]!J8/MOJ]SXZW:#[+59
M4I_=@O8//J?=\(]#YB\'DS/]%







MY!OPCJ-WY .APN_\PKR9KU(O[]?S$CJQJBKS\3Z&F:UI#]^6+^D4+X*45X






MEV!^OGC7CSC'
EU/M.

M]$VCY=HEH7@!PYP&Y6


M 06%)\ISBGZ85)\M)DDD6WI2J=M0([)A^#5

MJ(T.%W/U'*?BF/,Q=+%N]W%W]M[T)=3_?ZHK25AIUC \EHXS=HH_'U'EW1
M4C$EO.E21N()7&


MM




:J8=1CJFW[ E6Q -4UIM5_UC4:/\\







M'H^_#:?Y(%^2D*]7?PK/7VHM%86RS_

0A#.4/BD



:=__& P]
MMOZ[
9GF%]92
3?-]D1RSD


M[V^U=P3TQ?#%L)JF




V)YXQ[3_?G(&-E9OY[!W[_4MS-?386TC!V:%Z7PY

X^O\;5^:S6


M%0   &)Y;F0M
C R
#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.Q]67






M/H&\$_UJR 64*G#^O3SM:6=

M$@)$HRW+DKFDLU&[Q;]S/%UT\7Z&?Y9)

MI+M.$9*U7DGP-% 3



M)N'R#4\+
9[:#9=_:2EJ%LZ67]^VXH\W??WOQA&]\2F\@
7?K\8?X.*R
MF?C)UX4



MPF38I

ES
M)%ULLD?TO;%M!_UW/YK#-\S2)B?1D4VHXBBHRXD -Q(H/101D:_#$VNWW
MGB#;CJ:[3;[)3JO5.X@C/YT.T5E9!!R:?#6&68-P+_P85]3K^_E H#GI7 PD

MT\AL)%$D=$ND9\13[DF(3BO+ W5N^T%&QP7J()0GR*[ZVMJDEJ[OV]%$4=]

&8

)-WT!QVA2XO\ KA%QN
M#0R]O+@<-5\!V@^=?1ZC*,Z'EV]'?CR@SG/F):Y@D)T 6U1EY4A
0:=J!9

M


)1]'  Y&2Q)4


M5



* ;&[$ 8B*


RA



540*98G7QI7((E

C\XG
M')L)G-GD4M(D$
.+_9J-(5X$03)SQF3C90QUTI_Z3KO?DH_(A(A*


M#+[
7H[:%_[RTQ0^7O1PC^)J,_+?:SO+#1O@S1.F

F$Z%=WG76!7F83I
0S_Y^MZ/X/KJAYYRN6&LB;1(5.EY
M0IO((3H=T!-%HXB;.FO+D2G8'V(NT*5^*NP7GC+_#+:W&
Y038!V%-B_%N
MB ]D0?:CTW6FU%%(C17D;J0TB0B4&6)T
D32@$B%202 F\1\%C[34Z+
71;G
M0S'F$#U48






MS5H0JY@@


MIHF41I/@;226L0C9JIC#?F'8.U_U*.H='Z+7O1J*W$^2%9RK%\N9LPH*+T'I



B



M



X
M'


&'P_$;;T;Z9&






MPY*MQ[J:#+.MBZN_!O._8)1R

MG1?T[O_ZDV70D312P4+?Y/P*=0'Y6S





=!
M

4^@@MN='



MS@=)M:YR+G(@SA^66'WHK4+JVG6XKYOQQP\PN2A&P!0Q(\;A;$%9U)HM#;
MTAQ2&N(84@&




M@? &
D

Z1S@O8[N

MC!C:B[!O)T

MMO2GDRV
Z9P6N
WB7MZM;1&?A='P8UO/$=W^J+@*49





H ?BHM'T_06
MRO86F'X'H])-[$/SP7_YQW!V?MZ
$HJMW/_87KW=*70K/%4HO9+#;6


MR;

M9\
35)EC_NTD++*ZK,_Q),G55M;2%6YQ!YP5G^7U*B/OG18C-&$0PC[L?E









)


M_C3 !8T&EPTQC..:%B

_M31XQ:S
M: 6R/$IK=A?U6+7R'([Q(V/T3A'\Y^'LO

MY*V?E+IIR^\_X


_6:F=K(W@%O5WT]EZ

M756VOAOT).]-*G2^0+B ]OM6:
)J-%]-*/5HT85UA?/-I.UE(++$0JZN3@

4
MS4I5J:IS
<#6K?.A40DXB-!4D&<8)H*
M$X*#V@O+W2A/E3<]ZZ?O+O<%:;/TBLK=O/EX-O7C4ASG8CB=MI?S LT\@W1$
M&9/+_;9,+$=!6!^CQBU59&_NLHGW?-=)D*&7'O



8C_M[_O*$R)!%2E7R.O9!;2UANX^(47_4@CI
M::EM(HB
3A!O4$J0/)
IIITE9(%W6?!

5\GEVYII?M\?_O&S&WT8R
MB






M=





M41$+S! E9*;


O6]4W$


MJW+!_BY@/ZPM4$5S%2JZ;N);H5O%:O? 5[6FSQT 'R;8T*]:[^1

M@=-Y)4N.$\&5



6(]


MST



1&ZV9




MZ)2B1UY)7

ME-3MK)6CC%(M796*SH^K0F%%2O0F_1YK5[;;WE:NHA=6S.7TZWSVIIG]/YB5















@*I

W0#K-*.
& BN B&K:?@'[9 ;7_M2;ELK2W$*-;18N=4+].
MF[ST -[I%U9![A69EUJB8&V):1(/7&&&L)\M#3YY+


MZ'H+?SM'E^\]IO:/O\-T=M7XF0V
+**%0'2PBDBE) G9.^*=C\JSE(RITY2[

R&C?

M

P1+7GB
Z%F]IK=.O$@^1
M6L_*^P

*\5TLS

M


M\;_F?C3


HSM 2N&L
MRY*PQ'RY3TM)H#$2X#18AG-$LTKW$H_.DCM



^JW/[\
\WI
MZ+<W8?888%UT%(:/?K2VD-@8E(F1$9N+/6%*?%^75AX\A2Q 1_!W=H+:]?3
56735.?IN
M1

MYL3]8CM'H




MN+:669WUP5K\]OR3TN

3)LWC; /A<M?S(H<LDR9)2%'ZWCGBHJ$D4QP[Y2DK5:4I[NVP'J*1U\:
M7.^#VI_X*URX6)E4N^5#).@98GLEQ@_^$"%(%HA*PS$Y'3.OT%;\=U.O3H
M4P''V%-^_?HKC./YA9_\LUTT=8C:%,=59HN&E^ ,D3)TAR5.5A$*.I4=;L#

E1UI@UG(EJ
MF\!KXGB9.!;GC'

E






M%C4(D\FRANUJS^*






^




M$.F)C;92 *7VF@#%IFYARVUUP7G&V\^D3VSFT2WS,Y.30ZNDR)NP^6OBL8

PXN[R+
9F/BY=
M




)A7!J 0V
M^4%_


M
YZLOOW53X?3OZ\@?8!X/A[^:PY3U J\FL'%=. X#[;

M!OR/\



M[&]QU$P!+;_99 [??MB

M2F((DK@D+7'*4 A9






ME)3$%\-/PP3C= VI9S);[S1A7*A20$X1QT


M*9

@Q



M
PRT8#GS-O-?E:1&SXBG*A$=!$/!A+A?:Y/^1O\-V_&WXY[9LJ5':Z_ZJ%'K
M;CDQS_).L(O8K!?HT?+DT&4!2Z15C(3



4@N@GC$=G
F3H2?R5*KRV(UUU2C3




M



M37R<_6,X.W\^G\Z:YB\_!)'\Q)'+Q?U\'_I@_\RT/@?K[PAO+13E#X8TN82


JXR2/5!6

A)9!#([1[Q#'YA2[GFR7@KZ(O1

M/

M./&7Y\/H%\LMI\X$8TV)T&MT
5PDSAA+8N0J:R-=L+T5\-Z)XF0LX_YDW?.A


_WP\2U273F1+'BVV=


MW*W/Z5]J^QRA)C0\;6FU)[665H$U+AO&DQ96E.I.@ZU/[*&-Z^J1);NUEN&
M*4P^73N12ZP+%


_+J7*FEE\=R;'Z+ %L_-W.KH_61.M*@B Z-SA,
M22AUL!&[VB5^X9WX'KX.P8]T^&V):JC6BJL5N7*S)H(EA[7/L!JGI3O1/8P
MA^.]ZK&IJ82CLB3JD'/)%;9M\)QI0P)+EE %DALIH^%5DB6/S(X[#KP?AAR'


&
MR6#%KXUG=CQ)@
_7+EM


M5



M.7=







 3
@&I
M5BY]$2FL)X&Y1+(+@-\9XWRH

?W%Y_#--%XCW.!72





M20A T4

M[/!_VBH!@Z!*FV*1B !$*$LQFR!QZ$P'&[0%$&:?4/_!'-@3W_=.C!IJZ#$A
M?QO





MU%



UY M.I8F
'4_NT

M12-#&0VFH'.
]D)8LB
J]C0DV4?^38K6SQ=OR[*/\VTJ;$9ELE'

M]]]$%F(4SG
N=9L638^0'-]5'E!3CPK5]Q%S@Q*\M1L#/?#3FTG^;_BU?1+
M'?'J,NZVMH(2.0BHK3YY8EK:Q$)M-*DQ9A2A*/+26CA [9+XL;0JF@10X]7



MW\BM;ZS^06\;



M'2&X''A4K&1775;C& A5*_K'X
AIE8DW*56V)\Y7IAVDL6:78!WA$F-P%$+P



*[(


M




I
MF@F!LP+).=K;T=HF;N06/!=



MJ'$MKB?/744IR#$CR]KHFN69&8G&




5=RJ2_3KYXZ]I=13G(YFY$: $



MG WGKKW+#6V!]_MTDE8(%1I
7&KF5:[]OUP&'UMUYIB
7YY)K?%VU$]L(9

M6K=43O-.[COO/(&[&'1RKA;JQ35_IA):Y*,R)9::S$$U+I9(924ZT?QK!#
4Y\GVPY37H/KZ<Z0[^XW


H
M=&#FXS^2LR-2SPN1'3N;2+[9?I




M:B*_32C7VU^2R2^4)87T$#_9TF2F+)*Q$ZOPB,I/L;;5Y:_P^RFY6J/#I8[
MG]E$OD\C7Y-T$%&JPIVFF:^S#/0Y!ZDBU]FX?Z1I)\:0U^9WW6])%=RU5-W




  HHYL_'..Y?KJ
MMW'!42KD901C&
H:(.JR(F\0/8L8
SH'7*Q71SUXSM^]]?*I
(B\&T3ZW!IH


L1K) GCG38 OS@7OF$A@LY&Y(.*YU?H?M5/=8;3C1
\$<8_KL.%H=(?QN%=FS?3;E3\]E7
B'@6=A)%)


MM'A;_ISC\O+N!RS3&;Y)Z?KS]14L



M PU3YYA9##8S+B

M37:

W'B@(#7?71SHD#%+A!? UZ'T.\!$8N'*.=$/
(H?


'?_GAON_MQ
M.K]+P0BQ:\(&:]VM$B2^:6.Y\*VJ;H8Y-KW
X(+X\^;933X#3_E^L9R?IZ
V%B])9Y5UB#EQMXD=N/VA#V[<412@=
M?8(FYM!^,^.20VUU.!0G\#A_#TF''^M\1
U'

G)F%!0%LDBUD0\XP4)
M+18F'2I51% :FWAP3V Z^VWO3@P;:.+!GO2%F@K![8+N);A;4^B.TU@VVZ
M[,:1'HHX.EM*N3H1LT\[:4$
I-Y%2

UR!VR7








0OG


LUI2P2(AJDL )3T7K3I&K@-T/'WFR$8\#A\

LZBU91I=K=!1PT8Q28M%=^/0$JE$M4_=XB


M[.I;9?%XLK3$?\';I8QK\

M1LP-DHH?COX'F(_G'[[


MX2S13_ 11X8G9;D#(KC


M

6G-$^
MN*JUO:RT43-#A'&H2D$F$;%Z9L@@H&&V)
6C\5:6)NF/6_ \;VX


Z$]\HX5YP)30+.G@)U&6P8

G@LN


:]%



M1B 4+%D@@U(;1Z446)!%
:ZE=-E*B+')IG%




M/F?5Y%;U6)K?L8.W5OP^XFU2A'V^1'-;KM=8I7DLS*&H+25L9-X%SCPX*05'
MFU63;+J'
(Z_J_=5S*






3=PC980OMY([3DE5&F*!:*6]9UB<SSVM$0
MP9F0BN&^28O9)S!=!7ZR[O%JG =Y^


!
.Y^
G,A]X*W$V*'L)O
MY'IL!FC0NEPL,D_N3VU1G)CW6K.<K%$^V()MROL?F14=+(3CD6(?F;<GP_=0
M\BNICR3DXU

A6&T]30'#A#U5HOA?_W[FFQ^



M).I@;55



TS!LDCYS'J'G6
M0HHF!^'W05R&M@\6:X


M-9OA7)[V#Q1U\UJ3-X=O1LF@O'/


M]A'RL7I!=


Y^





^E
J


M#U6PJ0_LTU9M.(Q)CRLZ'4UQ#;S@K1/W!O_-N/[\


WLZ6U;3RO^#J&FFM

_?YG.

#ER7P(XA1=\@&GL-





?OF*?8*IN3VXH]Z='L1X@9:VT

*Z=8
MCEK9D P8=5[^_:91O)+]:!QH%8#YE-7VPQ:K;?F??]'4I WL_?CCI\7\SHX;
M22.!8S$LETP.-I(_$F4R+&AAC;/*TBQN1NRA1_

-K#EX'O+.Y0_[$9)[*^Y0N,R3C<!B=.[:(-W
M,,Z_3GZ$+V.:/

=L? Q3.[
MO'XXP!?#\;-FSH8I
4E@<5



MVR\F?[
8%NMB&*_$\.YZEC[1
][-QNFNMJ!RIL8L6V:MK$4A2F;+4D:%9X6H

M]+$8:[




#(K)F0QM8B:88%:VBU


\-M
AW5SI12J7-4D]5T$(
M5^-80FV38P)M)@I84L4GES7XT*1XZWT09U '^I@TF ZDC@8U7&^QK$J6=D'3
MLBCT0SBG*0!]N'JVZ+F';-MKWIM4]&<)2O)VPO*
H#B9=MMAROD%$77M@KB;AB3O&ZB=!A3TYX@#09U&B.R
M!U?V/8H\EJ);]!II,39;P'-N-*.Y[)CVSM?;<L]H3Y))K^P*;UL\NZPB\^<
MN_OHMP%GW^-\

?* T/T00
0 ;+47A1
8N%
)U=8J'-16IL
MJ(4-J'35D2O5!I(6PU6IA_ONENN )%'9SW/EME(@]-*V7ID3@LX1)=%0*EE

FC

(


:_
MU

F4\@(9V



33)







5Y\


M6WW^

%B(F!AW)DNK
[(.$S)A%+?!C(53U/R]O QO<Z-%G-C( X-6(VPG_0?MAW_



. \
M





$BQV4L<_3

MT')HTQ#A#!I!M5+T/B(=4



M]N*L!'W0

M(]-)D/5M4ZD'ZD7[B$*UN5T\XAA?Y]1)YE0_K@T8:W9\V[:(K *YL[1J8&):


HBR^T*+.

MCLGBE#$B2Z_;M.XX)RD\HZEW3.X?;;ZV)NZSFL7?=^\U42P/$7Z!?XX]F_
MZDWX?;
R0Y*1T=3K=0*_B6P0)8D,];7J@#1?'




MC&Y)Y.=XZ54/+79+(2.W+I$N:0W#VF:.=!F59#H8 \H'HW27NI%G-)WW&?[K
M7#[/N=R



J:F
M?5\;#.HTR?\]N+*O]78L13\7$ON$*58K.5L@0RM+379F0F:=EAJ]+I8W[@]U

M=TI*$2SM/2XWV::?1'6&[G-SQ4];::U!%MT:N!6H2
-!503C62NF;4@
BI L


M5\1;';V/0(&.VCL&U3_363D6HY7
%=!DR#IRV
S!:M[\SLM5_  R;A!0L@EI

M=+Z7



MC]$Q+UUBW  ZXRUY1+K3\G'8^Y\].XXE^Z'[&W2%?+
$PM5=GLT-^#^F;])_

1)!5F2JJU\:SLF;7I0F'DB(*7080BN[77: 3PE8=#


M8#$HS[
.6D3S-7'4Z&!3VE_%CO87B]_W2-OTY^Q[\7?_R%5U_QGR2%3_-1

1WP0SIKX\-9WZ]+X&WX+RQF/X3

MT-/RGY
*:F5F/P;^ US!).&'3XB+U9D##Q8*#Y(Y57L-22T90)412AN5E 8R









C7]
M.$YP]1-^Q:OIESJD_W<ZP=4^!93I
V.9F


6Y



.3K2QE$0WI6,4NIA=$QD
9YQ\GX_^[7-9^P D)?U%3
MR:.*PW-:(=



VK_W
]&\_S


M4A399\Y5-V

MY_'5=7WB!TS7LV5 [L]_IZMK&L
O9%G4LJ#7BV5(P]OR
\PFX\G'[VCO[DL3
MYQK!:I9+X$S[VNA9.L%\REFEE&7A3;JP##6 OI9G3QRK0+/@C
DU4B0*DIV6


K!66B2?US']4/OR
MU%&3%&_BR



MAN$YQ*#N !-=.;F/$HI+8DO1.J3@B+.VT*XL
MC/,V[7MRVUN61^,@W'/YYM]=/ERY?'6]2'<NW[3@RN6C 9R,G@-!/BUS6\A]
M_3K"%E\%+14\EKS%8IW2%MOX3*(%/%P4@\$_DRN,[+0!-%'9GQ!IB7/+%C,
MS6
U!9%A49$H3<HZ@JA.S#E*\=E?9^S#
MWC;7&?MH_ORO




!AJL&._G]__B8G5+%N/-8EO\< /S
M*:8BW*%P%QM&?W8.EBJR+*$4,LB.8Q-'($UY519$PM-+B@^V?--?_:]D$'
M'Y
(Y(B#J#^\


M)H.*OI)(WTM



M$M3SG1?.@982;F##[T.Z15@9.PM62Q16
\S5ILB$S(



M@FY2X_K'&FD0<!Q;&<+?$T
MY

MOYLO%O

4^#994GO 3)7KU(0)

,@D(T$?(3<)9JU4-




NVFV:&EVSN])H!.6B]QI].0UVRU8(0/-Z%D+2.@0;;([@
MO8YHG(@J=E/1=W/;+G'U)\(2?_SA?U!+ P04     !1@F%2=$@L@EGO @!\
M*P0 %    &)Y;F0M
C R
#$R




KE0H



M^B\#;TOX/QAD

4GR)K?3%HG7:H$_]O:
MGQL25.VJJA

M4

U)3MA^E7=E=J-)52P?)5



V#6Y*
&=32*:E5)BR:?M-0A




M2:M9$XL&8V:!=&FWQ
?;?!8U5Y0!#ET=0M#ND00QOSZ!^\%&$LH_4%I+(4S
M?;DAW
I#$0%<BR(23N#_%A0Q@-B3][[9?AUL39C]_@1
M!9E4EF#\@B=MM,I'&?3%B:=EA=Y+BW. ;@@:-I:B=#5BI@642F]LK1CP5N
M?M0AO+E.%W/Z Q(59'8XM7J_7@[DM8Q9';*#N90;)=SQ(!?+*3)&0*5Q.OB(


MNRL83D9@VAT#8V!8532&Y*#!8G6$:4

MI9:

Z5S/I4)H5+8FF^D+:F$SZ:YIR4V2[S

+
MEL8TX0*O$FE]XHM:3M0*@+J9-)I0XJE@DQM#--D
$[^MZKW#Q]^0X2)V(OR

MS 5*!
 YXQ[KD_H@^K@ZS5()P4DI/%BUJ2F'.HH+T$BB?+X JC(Y(F3J$
M9E,R623]WJC#C:(6E\D V2QAE,_9]/& RR_/^^,QE3^2L)E+02:0@=,FL2E=
M,EJL7B(3B/J,,)#!99J /F2BR4 =0CIJ\OAN


MZ7Q:FW&2
8
EA9GA@
0

M82
8
MC.*$*UNRDDF'N ZA'
C)





6SF
WJML70L)6)14&+A&4XN=4K16]D$./J6V.9)$U.,TJ-A'
M=!(G0PK!I3Z;L[GEF1PJ$1@EC7OCLIR'
I7E
^WQ:+J8
ML42CIW.J'+A&2THA'5H@E)@AGC&8B2D<2;A4+KBXE0N5_+!XI(XXZ!EI
=3

)$O^4J$8+^GM@HTRVK1!M88+21
@
M4239D#-G

MO'8/4Q!(J.%I^E^U+[]]E

MQIA+$16\.V21NPH%KA#WFI)R2U)EE 5-&L:'9FYCOF[_2*% /ZH*1A1V@Y
M6^80\;(Y6?%@1PJ3A8-J$?IX=&B,Y1 2=+NXW-U(
&85U2DM1 49IE:;]%

MJA@GY3%?3*XT\])!'Q9C4;(M:BTC26U$D#XS;KT_Z4GX];9+ I47(8=274

AZ6IJ%$BG!A^J3
[)9182QN\M(Z0:.]$E/!9X*!DB L
M4BCK2,0$W++A&!:;\B9U 63/)8K:XK8*=\'JDDA[H17I(-V4D[S
-JGSF)
M^20!LF1Q:RF.DXHSG$%*RG

E@26)EBYVS



QP#$Z )0UQ1=@]5Y)G92$
M(N)@#B592
WS3A O9111E3405% 6L]R8)-&



M7)F&-@F?$DQ[H(2%
EXW%
\&
!K5IE71 (\)PI3V\[@MA1?X=!@(22U%FC)!




&8Y:W\S(4]0

M1(E7
@5)5BI8

MCQIS1#.9(96.GBK#Z-)EXQ3*O0^.L$)2H
RYF
9<R9GQLO92.%[I<&X.8C1 2F7(5%%N.!*
M*.

MB8
.LY$!O#F+@\&+M4/\?CJ







M
X4+01H(






MD) 7IF
JN2U($I%2$K!:K/*X$([HQ#G

MQ^1*6:!9?4I/UO0U$T%#-\
-#26M(XC*;HA8VZP'-E;O]PK^* B(/0:)





7%'K!AP%P09P57%I$\&GRD%<02]06X&B'F1LG(I1



@
M/);  #J8@I2$URKG2R$&*D=?MJQ7^/'F&3NKC7EDI




&(RFK9D4TI&3_AM#E8A


MM8LQ97F%$C GQC"AP9O.#-$$*43\2!(D0CO#BH0Z2X,^[@^E
SAXH^#!Y

(&5SQS@/*XE

M1$C)8WJU-5&P0&+.J

MP[H$;(EH- 5S
[QD6)02+(4.J3L1N5:+2RH$4HRN%E#NO&PD- #CE0)MSD-
M0KW4XPOI*7&M@K(YP)SV/2R&D

D;*

(\4@QAB4
MNIC:J9/X]#:516PNGW *N6, L&. RB)QV0 IQ GRKS!218^ 'Z6!&:9XW@8

M9# &8UF@?8K -!/;C#;$^K($R.XB :LR@
'HD6$XRVH$_67$F#Y+$(*^R[
M;+[\H!N




M$6M$B(F%
$Y+^U*SZ5;L[&H6Z%O12
*OP2'8':[3$KKL;CBHP?+6H12%AU


O(@S(Y3!HK?[Y,
MLQ9)+E


*&Z/E0TY7
M/B.3ZPI)@;#9@I/*^$@##@O4*''V)

MQA6



9BBPM52F40)PK)0
ME3R


%)%RL

M(LGF2([_%S@HS(



M/TG])/63_*^:I


MR@U1H3PA1Y%YH?RY4.Z3R#*44+Y8.Y8A\8Q(U*A5;3U/$C&A+!'*K3B/2R.4
MAXI$S5I%;RJ';BKS9(&OW90FF2IRM6\GJKR7&% )*I5(I9'

&Y

MM/G7NMOU2[XL$B'G!-H\]6M=:*9(M/Q1D:CS[E_K^OR72-1&X-NRK3?MIU.M
MO-ST+CJ*) ;7$O07^&\[_!-PTWR#:]']0IY*;?DU8I6U=.22$CJ\P(.D%6
/\<H:7B%[ZAS7VB6LWS]_BV+/=U4'$K
%;TN6BAZ


VDS?+-B






/@R^!_XH


M1J\=TW/
G\





I[-3AT]SI&S].

M;KG^U0WFQHT;)T5WU)UEBL)_K8T?;NP1C1?2BW\:&OP*#7^!G]OJFBMN;ODG


]<^IEC3OS#)^5;UM+

MHGW[_SB$K(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=ZJ(=Z


6^^?N7;I$Q<Z


_6Q8SR.*49MG=%YU0_35






M0_0Y.^:&Z
A5S;7L#='AX3?U/']BR**3YK]11U[9
N3JZ3F8I?/(;\7[-C53


MPU^2$8#=8)M\_ &V^


NNXRL/W?'TW#9MMG1;


M6+=N1:L9+[=]77Y/XN




MFD5O[!H'7ET^+81





;QGT
MT
Y'WWQZXN1M@P82P]ZY_]$NKYSO.6Q Z$+7(;


M@I-M1FS\8E
B\(*OZ5V:&Z)Q?6=]O.O@Z;
/#=H^;D1Q;/#1#X9/[D

M

6+A



M9_XV=$APP\%\%^)L:D?R;' 


M]WT'S35LQU\?_



ML3=$I;WQ#:L/K3PQ8F1LR\%SL[M_.'V+'EL[#-]_27_R8'LUMG%;
WY\S;IN

J476]=OK#TAN@#Z4'C

2.;YQ^;M$;=*=3FTO]^K6?/5BQ


=)-5O
72
M?







[V#Y_KIG
MTY[/-VUMYIEH[S:4/SMOQB'+T+\?W=DJT_1
X[_=+]^Q[L/%T8-=#IU]N:93


M \G$]
L



M


Q$S

M]Q7TS'4.GK=Z\DYL^_;8*XI3
Z]VVO+D2\_O.(.]^$B[;+

_WC7X?3.

&+$CK&^!9OM
WU*
M28V\._/JH6_F!$_C5S=^FS]]W9Z<9^W_WBYX2O:STJ'U\JGKAMF;;[BZ_O<







MVZ'1

[;)KTUT?ZR77M[]




M?+]



M]U/N\3[OR

X$*R9R*PF
MPE^=N-QZUNWJF 9=JO0^8(JDU13Q=@J41\8@G1



W IO0[:OM_0H
MJM)W\T?690UHK^X-EHJ^IJ&YYOU];_BBUU9SP*=U&ZW/JP%.*!==42'9+:II

MX%


M+\VYSWRMP^^*DP'S4JWKC1G% 7




6HIZSQV*!$%\L]4%J(F46X



M

?
MJLG#HX








+W0O5./
;^V



$C0N:;J <W]K(ZH
MFR]@M;D3ZS\NK-%BY_RV5^FBY.G*^@5:M
%B@H?_REUT(TOJ5L'FXS*=V]G^
M#'* :](#TN)PPX&1.I%DY5S
C+P6EF[SHBE'5XTKC!C@M_(J$QL9&!_HSSN1



I<


6/GP1(8)-8#$]KL$6V27/O+?&TD27G]UC!*+I


_
M;1

G2D_:E.2
M=ZZ/R(XJ=2UMVH.(Z[:0?:!
XT9:]9C:L\KIPY6Y*WX[QY% +%%\?9F
BA^.




M72\'([U=JCK&(MYS@V:W?)X1


M04@?P#JKCT\FTTI*I!0++TV51;OY)+J2C)/^W-WK+




*/3QJ/

+SP
M0:19A!E$0%Q X(I&.O _Y\XKE)F51[

M?%9GU+!O=7B+
UQ1_Z3[CHU(69^DN'XQ]EH?WXD[&Z7_

M 2?J2%_!)&)HFU3-=$NF.8Y+HH+MOV].F[](?0)'@BOK45P&0EFBK;(A%_MR





)CB\-OY/DFOOW


5\CI#/


M2Z@ *'NS6CIZ]%_ #2?E
V%Q@_@PQXP]B

M*)^+?3K34M&PO@Q;UW$N;'].-[Z( *]-.=#2+5*4!8J\) 3F*XWF^X!82I&/




M:@.!K6B*9.*[VE5N

P%:PKK(!CLN[NPLUB$&

NBE&WW=M[

HVK)
MZ?%+SHP3NJO7 R]CAB
NNI$=*71<WO?[?[R+R+;-XWO]X4[OTZDGY%,/14L\5N\%<5+'P@Q?NG

M$85.[F@

ILBC. 6O



'P17
KPEF81MZ1J#ALXOI$UNSS


MKB##S 
7'V/?4D= #N;V2863R







2
MU]Z9[9XAYE$M\$P;YY N





M+J]B_2SN+
WG[
DYG/+D$J\?
M)
5O:6)7:+E%ESY 52H[Q#XTQ/F_=FRU/E

M)7
EP1[#FL#24
$:;MZM5^:1/\3!7G;/+LW'Y]QP883[5 1YO/*-I]E-G_4#
MM:80^1Q\K:D&22V-08YIGL[O=;_KE3E



K'

35D_?*)C<\DNV5REV@[RBCPC9M-6DA:




Q
M2*FOP1F2



M&EU+(^L4/@\@](3#-D.LL8*BG^6?.^E__R[;Q/=W@K#T#IMCIXC1\3'/
M3RH0+9#


MXW/ #0OA]I4@34.;T9@Q^]HG@IHC@?G@8QB$KH/7C
Q^-;56)5;=#3MLMNV_

M



M+=!+B9V&
A;RLF;IYC7$0[R?HK/
K3
2HM-F?3(U]WP31&
-:N]VR PF%K#;



MV\I^)@X_.5&4Q'1/6BG1J.%I'X&.9[&(MII6VC E$.^'TI+8.M5*F;@P#T

\<2)25]^BX&@DA?:/

MQD&GTN/_SO-G&G\XU&Z8 QU%WMGP


MIVRUF!REJK:??\JCLF95.CH:#.BO(^


MJ&/5=#3'@%%; 6O











MMA6^;42@


MBFZ/=W\TA=SYU$:A:&6ZNP9D%V]1:!HN[6@UC7%5&/ Q:NE?-(5^Q5=%=?
MU'+ZKUN@&R(



*
M
*:TPS@Z-'5-
MQ;V*9V3*7KJ[Y6%]0?@8V=QJ*]HJERRZS0B!T)V5-IUR<0EK_M.&4$C+)%1P
MROW^ZD 16?,Z:F]]I_,/F)\8_^[[S.^6W$8?/599?J($*Y_TF!S_J:ZVCE 



C3AQYV1N5



&.=P,V7



M2EVHPOO
7^^^IDCD:ZU'.'C

8BS4^;ST[98XF$PJ4

MPN-B@JUI'S].MD[

OARI5%!]@U- %=[2*4^EVDF925][!0U@=
M*2.U0





M ]-'(9H(+R


MGM71^;0OXCY

OI\





MK3_5E:M:HQOM^E

U^F)XN)/@X-*0RVO 0

I!.;*C@I

8=A59%QB;4^6
MBOVB

NK0_1 M20
M?AS8Y%?UU(:E*V %I3M1!Z:N#J&AB:F/4[&%-Y\+Q

_P4YYT).:_F=9
%ZV2?O#Z.)+*8;$CW;FVF(T6!J^_GM


:TGQVGR)E^8E 6+$



M&K[N&3A.Z=WFW/WS8



+N N#\G5%#5=V-SI^'UQ48?M?)QY.;TG)KS1-RF_@G%]6V?;+






MF1F=*1Q
GWQ\H*ANN;TW_[D_1IJ:151V!FJ'-AQGQ;5FNOEB2ZG8AMKJ[4^)
M) S*$)AS7KZ




MX!1P?4/P7I
!H84!
V[

MGX@EU@FB(7N0P2)[X(
RZBG/!XJ]I8U

*@XW
\^0Z.Z!

*_6KKTL!'3Y8&^-Z!Q[.





*Z!X#M:V[H^$O/H9I#F2
MC'


MXT8-0





V2=4)7J?

X%]
L)L<GMQK.RZB6P,ENN)#)+76<U\L[S#(Q$(Z];#I8$9Y
MMT(P_@TX&&\\;['$9W 5 CQ65[VJ+'SO/P&S'$=HXC$:%JI=!24P#W8!98'

8\$I1%JEM ?^F;I
=+&UN$H.NG


M]8YQFY#^P












M9BR91N_B[9$E;I3W A@9_X.\]PQJ*]O61=F[@TT[8AP(!@XF-=D8D1'L8]-@
MHMJ 0)#@TA"$P&4'O-B8CV60$B&L3U!@)+$ B0QN09P$!H%D$,& 4(D
3#$Y=CT6Y,)
MTP_@%B32$)'?%M:M
G[_
DO
^%64ND4.:&[@HO8S;\2[OIK[\4\5=#P&16C



M@\5YIG*GBK7)6P+JL('BOK:I95F.5_KIE)_5MO)!'J4G'GSDN)W[\?L7 T


_;HQ/
=OTLO4?QS2*


'GZK)%[<X\'*5!WW\.[B**%;*V222D8R
M5U1V.-=G3U+G

IK[E7_\\

M?/Y^+-\\UT#N2KI=__R'8J )9LL+Y[5Q*VNOIS]87! 3M12Y[S!+U0;NU=:\
MG!!;0P
OAE*/WLQUR&IG^PIT8Q?606G8 R@\8MMI.$DXQ

M^]=^EX$EJ'U'J0MS.+&C$.)$UV-=

DZ%-.-F286-





MK5_ONPG8BC/]:R\
SOF
HVR&'C=1IT-W6G#WE@+
16UAH6 88=X)Z;GMA\V$


M3G])9\/C/







OOT2;S)C\^_[?ZPJ/:H U
MJZ21]?H?_$%. =0MF$FFAW7L'$AWA;QW_5T39KA7Y SYB9T*=;=_-#H'.^Z!

][^/%!A-


^]Q'[)=0^/.8#.8(BL
 GR BSP1=@A*)A??3D76-



M01KBE+XFJ69(VK*7)J5JU K5)\!

Z<^$

M(N&(?K+RO




16AEE
M[



#CX+@SO[T4:M
M\6A#)MYNG_6:C.;:O92JO\!

M)SER

MF/D
L84C'% ]P7$R?LY_Y%9BB2 DZ$BNN^['JO( E_0@LIBEV'(A.-Q?UW6)



RMZ'X5?3^70W-X$EQ
DE
N/[^Y
Q-&@E




R_99TJLQ!SA*1



5ST!

M K!C.H2F@M1

!M2FKEG)P35+'J-KHVL3W3LHHAK
PT#@X*







,TH1 ^;<4!DI(B8-QGK\=^\VT^

MLAFHZ

ZPR,U=U[4L2L56D! J$HX



^6H%L./)+V&:1NL=B
\C




S6WHYDFUR
MQ-OU_B@#8($ K('?VT'L&3_P.VLPKI78@.T
OPP(+]VJ\H^\93#'OCX^
.2S

M[V
<D$IU.XLK!%?]VQ;OVGS?[2D_C8LE




H--X



MZI


@S]V
MQ!8JJJ+_

MI:V]K:5:YX]M@)L@\
S
3(



]TG]K^P%-F2/
M[UJF,]$F=SDGE@_/%=;)OV2)]VDHM]?@KI'TTZHJ#@5ZM.4*CD5TO7Z7+!2

3\VHVC*1EZM[+AS-AT)J15T5;==
4JBDQ




'D4FAZCVST_5 R3@P
MZU8958)9!\(K$

--U65)N
I.NQ3(4XA;VDP$R.T
M$=PU*ZTV&?L
-.#.$Q&%IA3:



GYD0J(NO1J]\K(U0[8J\Y






+ZM:T+'.JL:)!_3
&

M:]7P!/-0

\-=BE;TR]T:;6(4













-




M)K9?&D*)D]^7-ANY%&)L? AFA\8.6WCQ)GC*_Z:PQ/Q^(D3 EAH*9GVZ;ZGB


U41UZSM
K]S7!S$:VY!ARK4Y/'RG4?+
KT<^C E!;V(KEQED\!4V*!+INQ<5-B_T*W^O
*9[2M]6N2U

M0

_1[J,B_6Y^@]#K:#/C[ZJ
MW'2^OKRMPC#G7GDO4<'<ML1G&OC2; L;RG(26:=56I[2V2O



\XSSI\4E 

^-:92@?VB5W*.X0M\AQ#J
M30U0?,21BBY0S


2@PU.QEF;EB
M6A%;9DNCM2I-\NN3GCA9+&!\#3Z[=63(%YOE$FNET^_?%Z=F__-_\7^EW+9(


#:F




P;
)A@)Z_]SY7(O

M(
8D;OXHCM0=+SWI'=
3=!+]@K.P;WK
5\R8COVNH?






MFN_FED&AQ_

M7+#D@9?

MB-*ZS7A(ZL JB993#IKLS4*-1VZ-(1'5+D4@


MS^K2^CWS\(


?[W+]DF5[M-'YXNF&YE\R7&<H


M8ETQ


MWRR-?3


MLI3@*A]XWU7]WBUVHS9(+8M.59

MX$R07Z-\1:!%N=T-OIGYT(O%??MV(&=XM-M0.#8RMQ'B$7BLLDBQ4];Q4T

MALO8^CFX1$NBF'%()$L!R0]H0#EH_MKL]*\
T7]^8N4M+_X^UED?-=,U88


MUI6_P:RP_TNAU+_:Q+W=O^Q^3@-NC(SV? =];SA @?!H 73VLD3B]MKB([R=


M66FNE!^[8=O
POU4:)&/^Y4'@TQXAL76S.KQ-L(./?3



MU)G&I()M=-$AI0B


K:

MJAZ@8FWO2JBA$'JT.B0Z#^MZ

 Z#V!

W#Y4K_^61<]=H<#3ABI!V':

MG%B7%.0B^;=3H8++UC

$XMR)-;\P/J


Q'7I7!M)-- [ ZOA:R\52
YX&.-OCY_\J+E]N

K;+)-.V9?-&8;6=@\C


M-!)@RTNF5LG8B
:1:6$;NS*C@C;#/0HWS0




:DLZ2N7R;&9_2RZGO:[O3
0

M;]ZA%


&!/W






MT&_W'


[NB+]=RDYM0[4N&W?;%YKHBNC&94





R



]1)*K*HS?
MXF*U\*:QKWZ+O?7U-$.K:992T\ =0D \JGT;;2#X*))NXR(;XHJYQ8P3=#5[
M7I]M.PI6UB(^92
0B
I-UN?:VC70[S_(3&A.+S*X4*+[ANMQAA*Q.VU 7S6G
M.T



L?SS55:58+D@AR$XC(BK[OD




\S%X/3D(G

WMP#@7\H?R+*=*TAQP+3:YFDC88MR(6




M!_SD45I V#-+-(N)032MXT-FFV0KS18#M
?-8DA:L3!91JC1H7Z/RI.28PY4
M:[9I0KKU#0B7_
'!+W&$=ON6TWU7\6V-V-*Z\&.:2
J@GY:X#?5%96#VP-3T



MV0.ZN

M%OA
_N,P*VO<9)G_:MI]^)9.<

M+0=)QHR



MGZ






ML+

E_S
NYN:Z7UO8F

MC4DOX-*L$^

SD_:85[-/.M?U/J[F1_8^?G-F
M0*48M#@Z
R3-!X13;9DT'7)W04S7LX]_Y7__ L&8N(\MO,!-^;A!WI]K(=G
M)\5-@?DS
GF-.!RU5

SO[ASZ@EF_.3/G%WY99R
4$U)C




M;=1.XBJ#RC#8&6Q08^_Y7(7#Y ::VQ6ZVHY;S%XP9$7_ 8V&L0GG
QU0/7
ME-]0XV/L!_N8PJ[




'H[D5O1[VQ+
.
N+6


.
M%$SUK\$MKQ1^]1H2EQ^/4T&OR2MO\K!5!23IK
7010HD1ZF-L?;I2X_W+S06

MMY9DM];(2@7*!
5*.U+C%%!A+N+^RIJ7QPGSFWB% HS$GL=;#L]G')PY$;!]


2O)R6B@N8M:IW4WI^Z)T-M(68OH3ORU&^BE#C

M:/

M4YVQ6KA:H(.M?H0-\!TS[
=[.1H.3T_XV-J'$]DAQT;')UVB^BK/7+J(]W
MBR1T.8

M9D
BL/86#;Z)2]0X?





M198[#+!.^7 4%:H9NM2&B03QA43O[\@'X'


MSYNC\9F*

]9$Z?KO5=


M/OCE/^KR*TY$X3D9(JRM=S4VV#E9
$[MZ89(



M2'GKUMONH1B+[.MV8KVP&3DE@2W+%Q[5 X?N.:?!FVNKVTSOV8=%V_1F7LV1
M#1E[*/QI

'2D((3@:7$@)K3.8RDD:-'V9<CI
M3D+6A?81@W(9I1A6)I7D=GA/*(29LG&:$6+P2RCF[+0?'NX94
QK&*U#D-OW






5C__=[.=]VO&_#

QWP 4&XRZ-._







SNS?RU-TDX%+=A7!J[!'MT/H@4&1[/_ N


98[R(C]ZZ%4+%-%A1[+45.X4(#\WP$ [ZX




MU:_SC=%YO95U-B+Q$3D]N&I!VYONL\ '%6$6L9:K!.TK&-Q
2+1;3=O4EZ&L
M
#=R2V45+F
CR]D7-'6S-6*)Y@^CQ=-D'N\ FW2:H57:A0%S8GMINZ?_M7=V
MU1OD.,E4?#T+BU$E)30I#N



MJ?NA]+LNDG'YFTD4!73=#J@^K I8ZY?;O(N8T/4
M\[;3JFO*.QS/T1]9N]?
M*\89IN2:J\





.(_XJRA?:R^V FD_FJ21JU5&S.E]
M MN5YM;Y\J0QY7O&WCF;7E^W'%(D9AY2/Z^6%JCMIVO137O*PF;IJ9?7.C4
M2_7E'=J8*HMU7.-FLI:?(W\;\.LOZU'-!L$KJJ&';JC%]M.*R@_=D05#NW/
M@%QS0_)L% 9NA$!8@8V:!&



M
TNE\6Y\@$+6NI

!
MES9Z9OB @^#@GB]S?$!/C/=J^8&UHD$K
?.?[9=_5Y @[1(BG#?:ZSQJ@)J#


6
M:A/OG;?9$MU*BIBS:S]TI2\/Y





)+EE;-?JIY^=GW877.0ASL75[WHU&$)]H2S3PL)73SBCB OY

*OLX?.O418ZC/.:X)S)GK@L^SULU94
M_JICXCG+P3:]PM9SQ)8#\

Q%;NR_&W1Q5_9KI&V$ ^_;H




M
5F-9XJ=#E
6U\0OSU.
AW?!F2JNY=1FXSH^H#S.)ATLWM**B5W%U[GM@.]B
M?1

-8$Z?-/.1Q8\I[X
M4G
Y'Y#^R\!AX![\






MWAD3Z]YV;#)36BX!?)D-O9AM]8Z$*3&NW@(I*LSQ]
39BXN=!449.26?N]K7
M7-?P(1WCAKY17:;;U):ATO31EL6.Y/
+IDJ;8)HKJ6H2;1)=&ST./?G@P023
MK&(
#-A!A5^[0/


3** B*R++I(?VZ&+O1HI3 C.*WO


M \2Z+?YY/NT@-/_F?:3ZG^?3#FK ? 3
I7U98.?\DEG?&T*U?VX_/CSJ=RL+


MP+YV.I/;7J
]$U 3$QCF:
8$Y8 X%2_;BB$%
4UUYQ=[/JSQ 5&)\0&^5\)F

GP?4U3$*_Y5

MZZW9@U0'$6M7Z1PX-]3H
Y



M.YFK%PL[84Z(KE^QL(W GWMZW.\KT9V[ZO\^WDDYRB[ %S2A\;:#/I0G0K^F




IT*!M/IC+W
M]22.O$^94ABHXB/]^\A+K1)Q3/.XU];0TG*5FWFDE+%-.Y




K;0T/







Y3]2Q:=YT

M%.
]A'UL[OWMXGD9!OSN#BS(!D_%EH*TS29**
#193[ \NX1(B6.EO-I2^TY


MX93N8];:C?UW'M@PX^[KHV36#Q_5WD7!Y 3Z*%XK!2*OU2K&U++Z!!L$K3=D
M2X_]%S!IG?8DF5))L 

H(R/?/AV BN(


A*2U#!7/-J_WUA^ZN4C^ZH%5
M-?/[8JB.BLN@

M(I)L('$AD[PEK0$]J6AMK(8%8N!IO&+'-==#KT7%:;:MB[S/GA(A6$KBTT)I
M:%]!IJ5=$

126#P(LSXM 2GZ44KMV7VR:K^UBASGO(M=J,\]=\J
M\QN^\ JN<# B9%KVOU?FWZ!T)\B(%1W]C) ,F7VPGSW]F$+O_F'T,X,ESJ3C
M5NUR!LQC3QCK!_\AWT *F#J.T. UV85&F-TU%V*)#0;<6. #


U$#]&Q#PYVQQ5V/




*9SR$-=QPVK%L
7DF
0.3)



L71?8)4OU3WLT3HL\3ZEQB-/

MR(!?!2M-CZ

PY#\%DO
M^PY$8Q=C8J!VX

MH'8^?*Q:_@R$,;N:6R%L9%Z(H8[O(2(YH3WY;2LT_#I .?!W/;&-#C:\HQ



M;FY^&.G)TF7
Z




9E]2UOW8K_88JR(*

BYBS3Z:+@=^C^R

MW#7)AN;IA=FUL%!U^]9P.IIELM-\IV*E@.99]X_I\Q3Z:.QXK'1JSXIZS/(P





VN'\8:1]R0S-8\G_W=!\!


*
'QZS;WVGF7NH5IUFS*#Q6D
(4:@VY#:%RQ+F YKV

R+13269-
BGTEO



0.GJI3[^-.9AOU7SN



M4]

^35&:(9O;\C':'C
M&#NHLT18(8W^V-'6MHW?/TS1X
Q8HNY:B



MA_.)BC5=_7ZA806OCLR^7^EEH-']2.1+'K;:0K#0-UM5[5TC:0=5+ZVYF'










&H

/_^%7)48,';1 ML=KEBC(0)B*Q=XS)53=#^
MF'YWU!+EU3AXD5:^V).:HK4'SM1@=)=* 2;PNZS:0ZW1UPI).];#Q.*)Q-




MR_@TQ&I3G+; )-S=R







XO+A'78XWG_8

V*=O7(TT*]/VYXF:?+KM)K8$N$[


]@+I&&!N5/ C*2W@E\)8#38I

MY!B@'DH690^EW[+EA$RO[$1WQCBA[WE.BKAY58W/G_#S4*
-']%*]32]JLAD





D]2A&VS?=-0GUDEQ#[F\2YU3N\@NOL8
G9V:EJ,^W4_
LH6GF



< ^63QY9^W:G<
MO6/_X4&%E:K5((6+A9+?79]M+_9@SHV6.FTNN+=-Z!0F[EB@F0M;18(/;.%
M'B!%/VN'C^DL]#H=A&%A R&ELKV4HE 1T912H]-$=US6JY**\/#7@^ANYT
MSJ([&SX

P[A;.O]1G524I933F0E\+)*\P:LSM_A<P^/
MH3QN2DJZIV=












PH5139.8.*






MC/8CT[R::J=Z_#+;='-R[5QGA[7L+O:*XT
@)^ 3JO0Y6=5ILJKRJ
:8Z=



.IQ
M*HO45.?<H;::E+4Z_6QUC1DKIK'W,&\)SM)['/W)M;N5O95^R]0;[2:G$ T
MSS@&G $_C=/)O=
.^YLM\O\MY\)[8I/K@VVW
2'G

KAAVS=5J$Z2+=T4#!

C:@Y6]HF7!;_W]!/S?++G_+J0S]K#





)=:#[ZV\M&-OH1J=QB .F1HHD/]'1*?V[@:U/:B;\(EN*UU?@IZ@H;7)

Y[!RG'@5H(%RPRCM4^EEBZV9O'3C:DA?) 7PN3T
M1

NB]%*C7@Z



5Z245
F

]YWFJ-R^
45C3)L*=W[74['2JN/\4

M+\6)LE?-QX -?VUC]0_MTO8? ]1EU8ZF0@7&

;[2@?M
+V&#U8N(#*_,<3(M%@:BU!9LM.DH
M!=#L#0_&$D]\0YSB+HYHG
2XX]N''3 GQT*(V(=2N\%3-?V2;KZ6.)L9Q/
M'4#I0%JT9;2IYG#?.;P7)QHT$7D\OFGNE5OO_LC;?YT+Y9HF-PRG7'O5??M






3)S1:
M%8WJ0ID][G?EK30@B+-^OC9R3RI6WW%A:CKS9KD'4HI-$_VKP/BGDXU9[@_G

T6N[&EC7 +& '8

MYC1W@+K

FD.NJ9


MJ;4:*3CHA+1$$XVDG&*)RBZ]TT*FO@Q@5.A?LHW;+#1L=%5SC/269ORE
M7B2)HB%[8]..;YVU4$OVTWNA/[\FZ_6NN9W;1#$65HK\94.T=D_9%U-%=\Y@
M]M'^;?FON^#_2**





M*YIL53BNDYY(1RGNR$


M8P6\?J-3&=HCRP3G@+W);\T8E]N/ :ED:AG5^
6JAYV;(0HW$2'6J]U *^V=


#_I18F6:<S!G-VV:@S0&Z6@[=W:B0V&^E(E[F=B2K1[5.KS1GN



M!Y?O\1'+MF=/)$_+8R!AOH&X=Y$GZ%UAN#22XI^+
AE@YZXI&A)O!65V\5




MC)ASB9TUYOE;)+]V;UWRV70RFQ^!JZW/JY&V#C3H1RE\JYNCJWUC=!0RD B3

G6


M66F+%:RK?G[[+JIYJ3


MAC%]9^$W;2#9N %3OP3Q:200K;Y1)31GJ]K5K/N^I::-'7UTV?V*@S(BJL'.




U+4=K!8BLF]Q



4DJH

U^%8.



M[*Y&AJ-3T@ZO&[PV#M2I*NO&PISR9TJ*-AC5UP87[0O@2IG1
)5UL I

SJ=$H9$C@B?@)\L5L ?Y0#GR]P?I3C1-5F

':,ZPI#Z C%3.+PW)U,@6B5AHR)O
MC&G,D<TSE94@TUGE'D\/=BC^\6[SM?*;7UE(ZQ<6MF8D\/;.0'17R01,@X
MG%S-^Y##MZR?7U/_/XEBH8':KQQX+W#?A=
*V+2QQZ^
BU2$#)%-H7B+W)[
MA4[B-B$J\&-RY:U?7'*Y_D4Q7ADO

MM)%&9C=O*YY^S=9IVZIC97-R*1A=R
M;FW



6Z7;&[&
'XG]XL1

M3T '*-*7 WPL


Q//'RK@&8T^=
H





M]J@]T]GC] TZ



MG)B6U9W&]* W5BK9ZMIG=5?*
\/7K$ ];1D8[8:H

M!KJP=S%TQ-)C

98A/6(#Z-J:T&N9%$;%9BVAYIB#$U9HK=
MCNV*2K3-(=73HK98ERH-894^YAEYW+O\9=K


MREO)KZ.L5





M\NU%)SGU.'N]*FZL=NB/ LLYJ@R5UTB$5ZEXH-NI
WNAI3=]V#L\L2Y^_'80

&F-6+FG@0T]3:?+A XT

Z?\?B[Q0*SWVYJW52#O'-.;

-FIM$YF
M8*MZ#?!%FC37VYDDKEKBLO:=3$1X'B)]W%G^K$NXP\%NAEFAB=9B_T/
!J



M@&\FXLW2EB-;N1($B=4E#

QGUQ

M5W





XUW4B$



M@))?2/QN[P[%]90/Y8I(P&]XT6- Y-AT*F\



6!.)EN;'6O*0


MOV




&3NG5-?8/
+N!1'URY@O(R3I7U::R3]CB];IN@.R5S

D2
MQ9IQW

/+ J






-J
 KFW6Q@.S6?)GHU'Y:+W]4O'5A
[\2^*?ONG
M0\^_@IRRVT!?8-]N0^'C#:E1WQ]@?:2:8U\.F$2OM7U=I.!^-K?JW(N26TWM

%+5J3B)KF:QMH;D-Y.;9D3G
MIGN2:CX5V,;(D+4]]LRL@:'8_'9!O5I9*./9X
QE67Z'Z[?*EEPLRKOB:=
/?E%*(T<6V4UF:]&R#7I,]S+R,E5/Q\,#^!
MR/5HS/@PV[[OG8W=#MA\+5/3=V4$7%^,WK<8G1=W*E7:NER]@ZGY .#JZ6







ZFV_WXX]\XY)N0


M?V$H6GJ2_5N\E3/JM;1 ]T6E^FBOY9G;=0:V5GWWE
6TM(9$9;14[]].B&N9







8J;I+PE;CVG



G=8O:J


MY)1@


-(XXBS-JS[]W)]G8ERLDV:54^]G\KZHZ7%R

MN$NV!8*B^)L]]7 6.=-PKBF/F5ZZSLKN_/EQ*6V%5R4VT07Q1'+1=2]74TJ1

N?NR9_SGZ/Y4A KYY!X6PXAEC_B_CW)_,'&[[X?A1!U 

M8F?75KFJK:57MC





336@3

/&IHW
M-AJV-07&6NR)_LCZ1NIOO6

M0?ZPZ2SR^A48.]' ALV36WCWN=?)6'?73MTJ./0;J?!XP\F)A+V.NBF83K1&



+




M 8U$9'@B3

M'H?AF$


9[
MR-M7J*-!*]N$
PHJ WO40.=7IUOO=*L8

LT_!FBTA
^?+9$!


MX[H;[8RYP%L
;A9*A
#+!A*\FBHN1V892-[(O$#HE8F3A#T $^R+.M0YGD
MC0Q?V..'L9;CC'VPO?:]D(3LJ2+]:0/BXZR-:#&-7JUQP!D=7Y #.B_O%7\
MY=MF+$H0Z#ZELV(\BES5RTE9J)88KW   VGO03FH]#;DC.)
NY-%R.7Y.



MP1V

$'T"2$$*(8$ B=+?)22:)+,8F&8.01*8V$09Y10#(2.0N1




M.4_E7:E+=Z/O8AU==VRP']!Q6X0?.OXX\ AB_U*61VU%6UEL@=N8I#I@VLAM
M P/#*7]GOOHI)X#@E5'#'*2]!1H.Y1#QG/H=:HAMD
'C&OZ*__M?B_P?^.%I
M6/R+9K&7(H%4E*(6P'.#E-Z55H/-/*)F=CC2HC-?O+.MH B7MW9\3O_9F4R?







ML%SP

MMM&1%SM*VONEK21TK9NX4]

MH$*W*4=Z@!YQ:8_RH*UB0*5QQ/PB;-,0C$LM6#LL0)QQU[\@0'J#0Q1!E:8
MO\X;0Q%6ICI;C^.WB2[D&0XQI7:M3D\2NSFZT\P@GNG?6#@E7CPO-PO/MQ&

AE



M@=.EF_

M;!L_




3L]%
A4U
MF6)OI&7:I%43CD0ZS)CW[NP40KT3

FIP6I01@:'$:.OA/XQM&
M/:O#*D(;-#RJ(E-%GYXIMM

MC+%


M#U56

M&M0D!9@1P_GYG'K+@)#%='*]?






M H6.U_DC
3]ZCE9^.C
O[#7=?LA?OB:KUUA%;O4^YY%3.H !;ZZ32$L;O77F


)JFISI^A?DX$H@MHKCPZZ6


MU

M%[ZY2
U(@5;&





=3BPW=TWS81?]';BZT==CD21F4W, Z/.0_O
M(B#Q6R%7)F!XPOL.PJJA5D];D@&9-3;A.'86F/UNS X'ZX$.WYJG!2!5)Q

M9XQV .C
8_

.
M7\^'N(MQCG#N:0Y2[[40INN]R[L##$$\)14=IF09Z_^JSKTYANUG(A3@Z-
M

][*=UR
[OY1R!=J2X5F7++R6?E6Y'Z
M-]_IWX@QM1?YX2&



QS('R5Z[%#22[CU3;RK_2O?







 &Q5?=)40%IK$%K9IM

M55N]2*04:9GF-T$Y.2FF



_=)J-U:T?


M &J)H9%-VI.: D)1TJ38UL
/_0XA^55.W\
0 FI[^?



MK%::\2X9E1V&*?0W:ISS2*WNM=TO/.?AC6?/$7SMVJ59D2(0VAU4V4B+D8U/

M]/2J]D3-3P4'?V/S@L+G$-$B\346;CMV8R!CF'35+I*6N3UP3RXOA_+)WL:1





RLW4R.RB:#6_2A:=L AWXBE



ML1^:F)CSB''8D_^T&M&)V


;7#;1!%9[KEHMC^( @$KX

M

PZ-JHG5L

MK=D_?8%


6B]P5.&6-N_DEK;M&) 329LZW#YVI
^7

7RI
9O7)5JGP6
MVO&S



M!^6I-4LO
RO/;\'[.FO;A(#/)'[TC
@05CGRU#I%N1$TPG)6F@VUUIVG(U#K
MQG6MQ=83LPCJ


Q'MR[(







MG%53($UN;B.XO'Y3Q*^!%_CF6T\0!\%O'I9AJW88N]P\EI:6=ME7_9=)\^N1


MV/W0XH-
#Y87O4RZ+CWO#%_3S8JH)^RTG4TOJ++M6E

Y@



WRA

M8-GA^&VQKR3Q8K@5TW1Z;TS:U40NWJ/:,FI\GM: 3Y4K4FZ).2F1P;OZ
M*JI7_FL$.%.UR^&GJWW5[V(9RR#(3LZA(YPR(&J3IUZ4.\F2$@A.#N42?D\#
M#K&AIW)6YD=W[DB]P:DN\GPWJF/1HQVG@A!*X36M26'8R-B0 T/L0)][IY&9







M=3Y*
MS/!S)YQ]V_K-=
WMH66&@H+3:S&QI24E)P^5;&9B$-976KFQ8#ZL
MK[$J-R'N$_C^KW\S

@.*



MK38]V:2/?\6QMGJW6*%T/ )I6*IDM&GHG=@*)X3'.UZZQ5#5TMT=17
PEI



]'KCQ%&!

6:A-O@P




SZ'%*MNV%<+EJ8<!
M$G_QCWP\W9[UA=P](^PFHX8VFNCS3GU[HC$3O$&3#F(ZYH

U]1=
MSGE\8^1_.DT@5E@YCBV!CSX-2PI/V\^UC%P.M
Z7B\;K2-%

M9SZLLVUS)\NLTPF'U*]C)O1




;S


M1/J12FKNCIWT4(W+Q0WGF#]0
6)6QN0#K\IE[N*+*WW0X4'?7.&[&Q;HC*9T



$-$Q2ETEH.TTE)J63?TB2A%!7!-8IYI:G^*N1D(%T=C+EU_1H_/4)W
M=X=;K8%KX[208_5 D



.9:3TPDNK=:3@
)=73T0IK1/GS[%R('-S

==5)<-WO76OVQ:\G<W






2[@6B^EK&2ZT!:MNLIGP:






:DQT.NA?6^[*M*


MJ#+MTNYND#0I!79_8DVTO!D3I.PEWJW$D(&QR# 2/%VS:48D\_S^1M\FDZ



MA




DH12SA3_CYQ$\7

_!F^[-6NXW!HE+H$UP7?N4VUGG;A?4HUP*M
MB:E8)B U\T4*7NBS0KNJVDB





MB6A@N59/PDPA;)H*'L8'Z@XQ

MGI6?::5 ;='



MHUWIEQRFM[PZ*E#_'O/HT*1;#:= ?CAW
GB]/2Y#BLU]-6C#S)&^913Q.+
M7X+EB8P+T(YYXMAX\L25%DN$1'#R1WOWM N*3OS+1/K.
W!ZHIG/*9?[+T6


MFW9)_O^O? ^H.&M.?   %+__YQ$ VAGT*-T'^P7]H.%GD'6%^N_@@I1)$]]-
M;%K1$+?Z@77IQ2
I9?!+?W% OW9[G[\%3ZX2))U++IJ!



 

MA(RJI(0


MOAGTVM^Y6CO1'[2(\  ?4?!Y?GQT[2/8]I])R:O4M73@JK6':JGJ7ZRWM


T.



+Y('EJ2C!^EZ
M9
B





MF+K5?1&GNI?!9K

M
I2!3VU/:*
XV6!+AK @XESM:Y#:CE8GT



MQK6XS)?W'R/JG+=^

MZZE6_0+&I&(WVO4JG=).V5=#ZEWWT\S@Y65;9B@!A 




M5?A?%-/'& GOL1C

M68N[&\=\OS]



5CJ

M+9!PG2ESM;#MG.=J\).'&UM03IG+M8BL/NA*K-9
I$V@(A6\XG6=*QHI$OIP





5YXBE[^H&6MEJGIG'.0^'- 0P5

MV_('];#BD_GZZK9$FZ[;* 4US[9V/*P)IY8J8O_'-+'E28OD9:&66\H4?DPQ

MLZ'$4;=D$1V'S5]2W]%J0.3:FAO'




MA35#&@MN@9P**RS1LYT^HBJBANS6JC8Q1Y.NR0?E6_

MAGAV\75V_K9B=
(5D:XV.N//.8-D! XXQ'$=*8*UAC+LG.E@N/;417&=+YXP!/<Q_B



M50U)=2Y-O;S9?#LB+$\$FZ(:JQON=G@?D#M9_5+KT?)VJ-9VY*#B6 HZ?Q^0


H5A$&X!T-N:XQ27[[W.

4@5GOI834H+CT%+'''+
M



ME8P.KSWR#GAK;.*PL?TG%G?Q


M.T()M_+\S

H8EWHI(4
 &L6LB!8Q<VQ\$6!MV54X_617

]/%5HV.K-4&
49I@ 7G\] O=

MOK^MZSA)]S'4ORNG0Q1GWUB!)Z^GBGZ;AVD 8U'Q&

]7;6R&AC6?WLE7[


J.EOB6

MHQO3U8-UN%2QRSE



)






B:S@N66;'*62T;T.YBW-W3T\O?4
M&VWW 0;
A
M-,M8)4_TZ8GU8YWM,,6N.LMBZ820F_FSEL@Q/V45L5_^(
9Q5W?[?2U137X




M#9]CW*R@0(OQC#SUM1G4VBS:ZVK^;=T;-RQ3Z=





Z

*PK/8 3?S*6.KEVRN3CE

M
Q6


V

 1THO:/D64F9+)G&/B%8FA/T
M
@-
]:4SO8Q5-OZIAY:8__-H5
90RV9KF(OGI1+IC
CLQIN)#94L_/EV-K+$
M7%T.&&H^+]/=TVX:I*Y_:L4XS1.%21:R+)W_S-*5QA@-;0U-59W6#VO'!;R&

]-\C)?YY[Z4!Y/C

MB?/D:.&3%8+BOM[:_UG)9C(NLTD([G7N \@^7G*\F%MNJ+
!&SY\X5UC37



@%1)J.WF=
]H1':7]=?D(2'(U*KCTF-8R_*K6(B@L;A;KZKN
M#0M/TX7@^Q\ @$AQ@A=C+1$*'=-\1RP^!NY7T4G




MM[/2$9Y)94N.#Y60)1SB8A$;?[?B%-XO* AL=FY-MEG;RUAM@&AUNJ5ON=7P

MYMOC \X0?1:7Y$S=K7=7%#I,LM4*ZSHTXRBNUFYS$IR'J2]M*/ICRMHR?EO
M3?V]+6$=8;=]=%6!P68N&/

M&A&97
H1'




_

6
3O5!1P-

M[(?MU^-5.U&5I3@[
6HHVSK#O3'O


MSA@ZCPB;P;J8%J A99GVH
/M%YX?51


VJ^3$NV+]W 9
R




QE:5;V4J8T%EQ*$G[I4



M^$-#%BF;ES[6L$PPGN_E

.#V
67;=IOJIYNH55XLD#_]BM^VUVKZJP0X9




;N!3(2\6 P;!9

MAHL(FQ\-FH ]Q0D[3?F#QSPP+5H/.JV([C%P(QZZNHKGU7T8)'5;4M&A:
.S
M6+SN3W6[C0


._OO$X=YV1'A







1'RO/I&^NZ877T_M#UQ%VQ
M)[T6AZD1



\-1VU;76ZZT_ 9_U









%:.^I1U
3X\O=[]?JBQ:-*I(^I693





;:[WVMP/C^'ME
';^#


M9AIRMXB6X;8PD(%N9:&IAF[:O'7FE6[+_%3CSPS/^/



5+TMLLAC8W


M \K^0^P$HZ?5K1






&^1&W@Z=?U!7+6A;H1/9%R]_\0
M(CK1CSO%QH40]MD+B5H6)<DA3B=1S^LLV7<J-XCFM]/PB[A#'Q\ PZ%0%/+

Y'@^+)P
+%[EA3O35L9D7T$L

M

6UE



6?!CXB#0[

X(QJ*'K;5

MS=]9!AP+BDCH'.X6-L&::7BF&



$P\?H\

H
M.P^LT!F_
^7L,C4F.*7#J!USX%X? +:F9
MIUVL2CDR* 4R QRL[9J4^;J3(2NAASM*





M]:S?KYV GWCE+4J_A+H


NRN?S$V5:'BJ.N7ZT:)_E/.!\
MJD
@2\GU2_2J[
8XHMGS&]^

M

BFEQ3P

@%J=/K(:U\+[)_ZQ


M$R[:F_![WCA0%5]_B'5-2]?;EWJ8MM- R5M-BD&E-]S9EFR#F%J^)ZPB:J

M:N$')ONTF7Q97/!L
L718KY*R82G9L\Y_PR8'FHJW:YLW#%*0W708TFO!MZ-

R=


M-S6#C)9UA
I#P$

Q
6T5U2%P?KA 3FG'TB4*G;'FM9/4TEF
M4YS;O1I
LTERG\.TP4%$:88

2CJ  3;@TNHTP1[*H(&D?79K%@





M$F


V%+ ;1*/:%6U57
8?-#P<]DO=:75YU)XYW:+?$
MU<!O$^PJ&X]UN=RD*RGXRL0EJ_A+5U9K-S3)C9E;7NFK?0UQ'! B:;Z
J@J

X_5(Y[#ZJY8





MVQVF






MF63R
5C56&.+ 





C.S=_GQ=;?)L3)33VF6.7#


:X

HR6#-US(.MNC:=IUC5

M68G1&S2TX.C5ZHHD'DKT*

MW+O^!(R0]PI5C@M=K5:Z
(4Y-HE2R/Q[3_ G?3R?NP8VO FWA-PC
DT4)ZL\

#C8WE[0XN=\OMT#4[
MP8;TR:V]O:W)=&QZ8CI6EJ-4HJQ4+(
S'J8/Q^G@\%9AV!13:114V!C0UT%+
M9=JWS@5INHPWU)6'DC-@6'8HHKI.+$'/IZJDA('VZJFKG$ Y+Z:OC+A8I7';
MK\^6O**WF1X&:@8JZP=RYH3LJ[9V%[.=:=):XE3$M '.J &9I1D1

MW8?74:3U$+=NEG(AD



MEI'F4^QM//SUPQO@#@
#YSFM

M_-E%#.':+


M2L'

V





UD3H



1S6*
M.5I/&N0-BUZK@S_1)_H-L



M*@ ]\6E'S=]39[5+ BP3K1NB'C[O@0E=LR+OQF$(F;BNEK:5IG&([;31],4
MYYJ)+//D\NJ]MABPA[LHS@FETJ3KE)P1I3##(_




FL?@X_%F




M*QOSO#=R



M\Y9I;P_TTINP3_)E167=\V0L^H/3G@
S W;M#E-W!!!VX_;N2R6K=C2B8X*V

M\'%KO:FDB:#+('MWV05#GI(RS.(]]!D?*Y@=5QJW_4 DH_2?4IV/73I\[.RY
MFP=%^F[1G))]G4$UPB;(M.%M7L
&F


TOMR]*(V3!(O&2[$/

M(1=N:QFA0+6EV
0M]9XKG]7FK_#^_TQ=%SIB_83[#M
%3^S:#+4#]M(6
MY^
^7=/;3YJDLQ4W<=K<-)6)I


7H3L92&[+X.3FL
TY?$!

9GGCFWD95-Y8:P8F=?:FQO

MYMW


MTO:;6P\;\

*95N



MR2R?@5_'GCQMK4A1*EQ[@'&H[I-5Y]M78QL].

MX;D(07?1J^FLQ4[I


_)Z-[LVOK@=Q]T@'^?]/'8U$U5L/2V0IASFQH.BJ16%\B9TMN%<&6

(]

M33
MAV[;XDP1KW(F5\4S$'C1U=N^Q4/5I(!1;=




#Z504.=#-G(M^[JK1
M!MCY1=+9J#
@LQ2


L%!HWH]

I
MFS7E]C1GQ]VEHI.7AM !B\6^4_;QH-,5\?5^)K&RIHV2_3[MA@*Z4](7J_

M;\-O9#TEI8P7@_I__2?V_KK(8Y3Z%MSS,/JN12,SFGZCA7@S4-&_0K[JR+J
M1RS;'F_=GFVK*BJ2QY^YVK*CPA2=;'R2HM;


A\$.)&2+D \RJAD\.W/Q9N/L

]3ZY!FE=OV0N@@ /Q
MFY:SDU/#@]#ZD)Q]LG%
)K0K^)YIC75GW]AM9F[.&W^B01M6=+'SG4HO


SW


8D\@0

PU6'MN#['G!%UA;R-[&;H7]S[/D?4!-2%8.EL

MF!IWS0'.=378?!




M*0;;6%&+M

MY]_\%TZ_CH\PB_:



#F



4[EKVG/7K2]&KZ %_QD


-TF2DN7;0)LM'LJ6EX+D:
M]/%I^4]7*V:R+Y

4ZGA%WDXSR6LV:2'
M.7O32N9-%3:;
C9E 

M2\Q)[#L]/R?$\=C_[C2!
V'[(T? C/E]:L55?6%O.X&#[ #J&EZ8E-CL&ICN


M$RO1WM-;MY_^]*-XB^2#CDXI 0Z8KMQL0JLI9)RP:?9:^:Q6-;OFBQ3(D:
ME&543-9K,%'RTBFTT HVK&NZ):HY;BTCRK'(]7WKY!QN
@)P2W]T/(NA_L


!]H/^LJ6!1I=?BT]LU??



#=-859)6NJ%^R1EA^3OSBBHN\;=1K='NC\?T_

9XZJ]^\T3D4[%P3&=S&CBBC VP/1$%M$ILCM/884E
\(.QZ1@
M22[G[R;

[Y;V);_5N[%6..@)^^&/:_XV[

U+]2XA:H1_I![!%E&C3VQI&[I%L2WF%7@VMV0ZV8^QY
Q'=F/4$?5

M



+Q?R9;\



V31Z1/





M


\]W:M3.6J_F(F]&<H0E7KWUJB$$*/R+F:R41V:?KPQ^_^'1(]EG-5'YKZ



MABN$GUJ7-GGM!7$ L1!7\[&NYJZQG
$AE$X?U-B5KTVLZ&XZ[.[MMCK91JY/


M

+YC]6T_YHYQ:^

M?\
T%NJ2^]$9CW1(C

*U:ZC-I;CJIF^!-



!?7KFJKJI$6-W'1VS[EH=:*1,?GX
M8'B%I2[D1JQCE%0O ?WMGA?()4AEAB1%B4IH/ H].V  M:&.9^S<?#NY)<&



QBRT!!3Y

C*C7AJW[9;*I:EK4
T(B6X!M6
M 3GMR5WN$A#G2JMX3/O7PVU4NG5V_VD+\,+$IH^!


M1R8UE'EED?K!J
69




M+B.CU4%YWWY2BUKAO=)K24Y5
-_1&.R6P1[PUJ1HP:!::U(FOJ?$@=Q.QB&O
HNMZ5%
M!S(ZM8,Z5&!SB<37:7F'*'+WE#%!1NON.]/*CQS_A(P_Q\ :?_W<&<*]=9[

JM:QS
MSOQQL'V2!%]T;D_P=H)+64$VZ[2%G*'O=7Y]D-N4[UX3/3MHLHRK4^UD7P




<W!H6=5:
MC/;F-5W+06TGY@I2QE(=<D1E/W\EF[;U**;XP&J5TAT;PF[6#US338[__O-7
MQUK5_2X:3A,Q(I6];**@T[F9T(N5U)+F:63:I@ *1/AUU8=[]=P8=O$45&^

M=8*AD?5\!*Q/LG:%: Y(.F_Q$)M6\I%#PA:N^*S
K!7='_-ZERH3=I_JHK?I
M1
F0<[N?
ME(A^



4ISZ8
J


-GI0
M=SOT

/D $..28CBMO+)7OE);_\N_Y%U[[T


+[4XDY@@W
M67$6^?#)W F!M'/^5(GP #%Y9@_K]L1SM['A(78*-O6UZ$LL?9(M&7$+X9W









/\NG%'.2)[20_@U&?G%4R)D$WU=ZRPY44%LQ@

4I67MOG%DI0Z:;M1


M9[(!X

]B87I^7*.'OGMZ[X;/?LMQG'=O["QOF%786WK0X&O$&JYO?3RWO//HC[F
M:5'OM6'\V&*B3.,P,W1I&:G

PP 6WY31K)NW$*\BB%=/J




MDKZ%UW(FZF)D'%EZSI4
!P.'2@- /=ADR.3UJKDV2


N8S6E?GX\=%-P)K7-X18UE
47SS!F
MTS(BKI
ODX5JPW@$Z9Z[;Y<?[Z8$@3L_?!!$V_(R<E$A
B6



MI_:FM?N)
1):)G\XQ[4FNIQ]9W65J?YR+Y$Z;S^S-K+[ !MS8Z 4W1MPY
8R



_!JJ^/CX2VYGOE&V*T@DU-$%J.Z$ZM@Z7!0;2Z
M_0PJD0(BJN1=I^)<JX<LQR4G*L2&:!;O C_^<6VS)UW@67GV&/9K=0+9^\0


MG_\4O_SN
VI+9<R</VLFEH6V-T@0R]

MX'HDJXL=&HFQ7Z?/XHA]-1AS*K=5=4TU_9:VC(K(!6-KOU[;Y9ZFE2H,V '
M1'@*.@KAV/&_0




#

1?B. O;09RHF9F*?Z13V2J/)LV(42]N)


M'2RMDR &+

MN0-HP*

2

ML99ZC8P1S)^5H



M.TBR5???^O!I+VV:J^3KN)YA2567PQPL;Y4
#B55-G
EN1[KOMT]+Q2$K
^)






&Y0#H\1


M;8Z:F%O+#);Y
<CXCTQ59
@*H&S3G$9=1



'.TUYA%


U:[?CXUOM
M)O'G6:8O;!JR.BKBQ!84W.M);A





M)'355Z*42
_+-
='@%/RY7I 44R'9D!2@L% 4CDZ\5I)=H$QJ;1AF?#I\;
M1K+IMZ9N5@B'31V3!L J?V=ZQ\YN@8E6?)6#3 L1\=$!A@@_CT3J@YA$.\
MCU5;KH





V9)

#R^N'Z(Q7X0\AJ

MH)+=OF1V'??





W!PC9L.MF(*#5DN[6$VRM
N2&6'TY!QWM)Q_1M4 :+MX







 U@T@(





M##4ZX8YAKG92H_\J@N&@9C

MI80SLQTM




-7&])Z+2.OI



MUL&+ X62@
!

MMA-].Z8*1T'&0--=8D







5PP@/76JIH CAIWT&GISC2%=!3[


M.;)HUZ?




5FKM^FP.HZ

W]=H&.K



:<)P


MD]M
YA7

MZ


R!4<7C_=AM#7;Y8)OH.[='[B)P$$?6X,[7#Z
ME[\[*H?OBP2E-*,'7R\@')./0H+3<\=C EIJ8!4Z:KUYSFC[;=NS.-)U102
MR_
333G0/J SM2?@N$\=++%PA04_9@2'.0[2\OA+MM$SL^XYOX/L7S38+A.:


MSC/0)H9:*EACQC$
_\)=[.IZU-NFAZ8:G'7:\FEYH.<K5O+WS]BLT




MFH :Z=L@\OUOI\H\M7XJAR(FAU&D-P/KT'C-
L]-Q)M
E38KIW[%))M4AN&8











=+M;QT$#/J3:/
M9B=RM3PLT)UU XFX:BD+Y.5+\74QU_Q39JF=5QQO_2N\WR/%3'-=@-NC\-M[

-4LK2
MCA]]$F;

UEIFH





19^53]T9\U)Y
M9S

M)2\O)ST\/-R;Z^OO[PO (5)2

M54Z0U; @T)17)3#G:

M\W-G&)V=

V9::L+=V7X=\4KM
MOJ^6[]^-';I


2I#.\H



3
C
]_&ZV#;@&;F+2WKID:!;&LAR]3(78\Q$,OP%W#OQE(
M08;Z$UFLTK2T%S*_5^E=N B/WWTTO!NJ@L#OJL\_



MOX6=DWGW5VGW#39

M7/5M!R

M?HRF[

SO8]9L%
MR2'+K9FSXP0Q 5H&^Y%?UY5V5&1LAD9NF?-40ARHSH0H#K[ZHN04=O0:&-H
MJ??ISUQM(0U% S
AL



M68@352_+0X3D_^2DQU()UP;/^_3ZU GWOB*9*=8!%3MP]U#4NU3'D]?/'V3X



BMS1:J+F+.+=7#:[
5%4.S&IQ]_R=]?




BT.3@N
M$^(40QVT( *R.B**#

EV)JB&3/@KI%

_]JIX5.
&)JM


M

_8O7FXE(J=)^H6_$N
MZ7_F:A (L+K?1W1&=@T
 0IRN?.*-EJZC&2\%M[LN !YURZ
'M
;:YM
O!M\
OIKO8(1UYC\CY\!90)C07]?&P4**

M

Z([:XV7FINSAYYGZ
MAF)'





MSSPNJO-:$\ZUF

W?(78:\9=HMS+_-LY%W(^^FFKUN&D

NWAS2CU<.Y-+_0 3<DCY%&P[?L]Y
7$;;
M\B1L&NF-VN:&





5-?;V'P;6


F6?^
(S#Y[









F^%?OBOV_DM6G@U[A%@H8QU

?PN2FD*[8PK*
MET^C?K?(VWQS(+OR1]



7ZJN7U9T[.'0_5^:@PS5-
M*UZ/QTA9]%C]V]=!!PL)^XW3M/GF
Q=#1[)R5B195=ZQN5HT(M;\IR5UV_PR

MQ-_^GX#=_M
\@+_0$0_6/RW)=KUJ8KVU4D[BC)QI0OF@@#DFR 
G8)!?Y
V\


M







,=; ?<E$_?H!G]BC^887S;Z[2ZO:74RHF0/G=8NCD4+:FT]RY.IL
V1(I
'A[JQI#I/3UT
M



8IZYRYJ

M%/9!E1)M


MJYET= UHFQ3[Q?!X
^LI=6W_TF'BIGSR1ESD0J*JU\



M6OM1-$Y_3&7.8TF.[J\=OI6#9X?;'S)2LEV=)RH;]BMTVU@4^NHCY+W@)E

M3GI!S*6V9?&3^1U0!P[S.SPJR:(


M;^T1$BB
Q9(


M!1$P-C9&-%SGO3!CB '][C%&))S+0G\^%Q WK(^.!NC@.R(LWYA]37=Z%Q







*XN42P F/2X^#JZ7J#UEWSB6<4P/



M+S30@JP5IDJMR/^^F.89(E!LA8U$^EKFF.&]4\9:U_1)SU(K]^9-V@R@
P L
M







..)/ 9B@15_ O-]YTJF!QOX62'NN4#7SF\DJ5'&S#




C&B[]&G[

SSWVO0Q.X-



&E$5*%:2SZF BC8([@O:MCYG5'T(:U:\D
M(J!5%


M/Z;G3N=+RQ2^

<+]FX+8T33N_&O&

E
M\3




M%43*RZ*OIKW^@'W]PS_ROR-@X25YSQ7-L&6%$=4A660I$.]3B2YK*^^_=A^5
MAA.*EU#AX)HL+IO=I3)&QM5DS:84O


@#J]#[)+Z [U3,P;=9(!&1E6_<_9&O=P%
GI1VN4@+48

4PBCQ:HH8+#5 O#(

MJH\\F-(&\KP\.K JVQX1
+AED2%6PEFI)IX:O(.:R2J(D+8;AZIIC8LAPY0E






:779)24#
=DE*YXD1$AE&(?9




5WD$;YM_11:*0Q55 +?THTAN_OW$

J
N[6HHZ9\&6$56^S!#/ME.C[#S(?J&YYW%&




M:

MO@[[^I:RWDN!G$JOQ9VJ;;^)D'P3S^S59]T$;\=K=@LTDC/N/#U$RVHW1\

M

BM[JBQH


M)L6

MXV[O@NZU@$5:$

M7


M)ZLR7C3HP27P.HZBD..O(N5MM*UDI!^*0'$T ]^QD;1*Z&Z,26%YZ1
C]I


E5$6V'





U+XZOC,!<*&DP-S4&Y<NS$IYM9G3VY$!6Y








-UX+Q875U/59B!





M5=0LU:F9;BI4
YI7P8J1R6TW3









M-'C$E5M(E#&+5;)WTUV-
D%9#1;GZBXM=-

MKZ6$7?I9YK.R4I/8)&W*$FI+V;47.=+ID5ARZAA+'&]-+$_?W1;^GZ3A;-:
MM*.8^94+K +WN%'MNIC7UV:4$HI:%@8,YKNQ!4]KCC8XJZ]'%?7./7CD%2V

M\_)*U_.IZ#
N?[KW7RP[


MO4@^E8BYO-T//XA]24QRI]T?8089NNYW!V8'U4'U-FUWGTU&.9X?39SV/_
MI\EQ &8\ST

WR[EJB+ZNF
UE4R\6L<G=SCT%8(GAC<N[@)]H+:
M4TE@^=W(?KD03.:'[_D_SU*S?@ [Y\U_E[\6F]O:$T6+DTV;##S4).L*;A!
!B.[J.KHP$F6CCW7(!]I*)KL%.&\Z

M7J-5^Y'*)^@RLF!]K










M;]2\-LMWBQX@D+KA\]W.'196HC^Y*FTSD$6OK)'8+#.7_P4KHW7-@ADJ?JA
M$X:N3/:8_7SZZ]#GU?+C(,P4HU68\Z/&4EQ [6%C)^\M:_*S'?LZ' .;=P9





3W
M+6A%?%N=[6N8@Z'P;

M
(K)%[7($\U4*J#5<2U]XCCPVKII\W85PMB0

65+^2XDW/8@2/)V5F?
MZ;E4@Y*K%QFM?CDI8O+QR;8L+0DE?2D8H;21FSCK:+U






MT?+ZUA/%3IGDG3J




MN
0 !;*=3_7'K1B;U[NJZ80*T7[N

WX_5\
UCS0[OQC/TC(M




]X#MEN[NW)]

?OA=G-F[THO



M1!).;;5;S56AC
S7UL-QUW1L
3BC?B(\8]@D2)-GT9NEK80

(VR=X

MB)2


MD/A77PRY
]?WOM?%OZS)!BCRXY^_I[Y?C.)27_3;I8#0I?A@&Y*P RN_U_^U

M9L(1(^.59QS78X+8]*[(NXI;\L_*-2M]2JIFQ-3T7:[XKGNYJ^S!G+
?JYKZ





VNQ-WN*

MWQO+
*D6_7D_MK=1^



M/&)18@XN;LDL.
;KQR
0\)VV09]7(\ZM#L](R/C[*










M@VT  N B'^J?U:L,#QE[G)58:JLJU9?+05T&C 

M D*(#S&.*H&QTJY1;[0(IX$
XRF?RN2LKJWY:+F05Q^K(S$&%:'[H[QI$D@'

;T]LC0/9<<






MO&


YA*3O&5C=*G5@9IC
MG#3AADR?%



M1[
N73(B54F^VRC2_F )K@3P!
B^-K/

NY-.07B

SB6PK+ CJ/J60FWA@
BZK



6J?



MT]M]TR=B;I+!='+9 K^V)#JOWZT*/9%3ZKPS!XL11$W#F3W[WH^3ZJ?VE@&

MX\84PN# -


? ZGVB^]GS@\6B$SIGQDB9)$UX$+6^N3GEXVL\%WSG<
M3)R;T;
& Q/



*B
G*AF2GY$V[D6:'O7\-JB84H[/FTLLA1ZL/RKH\K
M:N





2:E! ?6C

M(?$%$1




Q]U,SW0;2N,MH:P=O<(&(H.5DZG
MK6Z1]Q3#CR,;FCU*AL# #?Y;YBY70FW(DHGM=B.FP*F.@Z:5N+5RR..$XF_

MR

GG
C;MYF@_=9JAN
K R?2BNAPI
;^'JICX:Z]:($[&HY%FGI@X%-Q960%<;4^
[5(


?\
MZ/+PCYX3]S]Q(
9*P\.SOSV(V;_L^V.E_M9Z4W:@W.]5R52=[S[S%\
'-:01
MQE?OUA6#N8^T%L=YV08_^IB %R-;?

U[!@_2:J:1:


+OTC*NYR[7SIT

BV88G$D
SNAS\ALI]*TV%VO8


M5R/OWY^VPW%






MT*
.Q.BR9Z!-A /=S


M=9OCY9!FYEB=M*G$0V/PP]^7FY80_:)G!-T1Q 

E\PWNM2T;RD9?A#


AL+9+CJ:2&9\X



M*
(6*B IPL!NPY\L3EGA+-
:BHL?90W
WD&K4!
]$I^A5
U.F8F4@Q3N!?.7
MM?F4X-+T!_WEG3:2WJ$?5%*B))UQIJ]L6
G.'5-Y)(Q]KI[DNM[;E$E#)Z/8


MO9]9QZ(R4\TX8QDC(@TC_M'!@7Q&]JX:7W=EEAZDFS]+O&==/&L(-'A0/3(
M=]ML&5SW)@FW!)P8*YQ]2I@%5

J\C


(Z%#&Q?
]N)T
MI)FHD-BIB)S3-6^^G2 \6'4!:29<_[V^%)!',*+?6G:M:L*R2IB+DIAL82]=
MV5VFN_LU@PE8Z*.(@RVJ6A .:2: C]Q<#UD[=)73/G=
9=55KI%ROK3G'UA


G3V7Z(Z5
MMI^EG'FY'0GBNC7VIY.7=(P+
Y8&$V

E89L&M5846
MB15%\^S)Q)Y$$#06X5\OB'[^J/H/_^AE*?/


MQVH%S6!/5ZWH8=1A]0&NFY/94/SI0+IY4!85%BV*TE

M-OFHLUOLR YX?
,!KQL$NRU0/3[28[3U:=,7
MGM'^2$OUG3?FY8X[M0W^C'<TF(Z'&VN)@_G^4Z<C*TP9V;.^=SC+9*5@H


MV'=1V-)VI0 !HE0O%%\UEQXF6


M_O?[#'19(]*/*LQN)$:
.;3
T

Q3O-+


FZJ

*6\8S'Y


M4TT

  S^20MG/T'+U4D$*
MO:T7KN(OV:.['76C?KWK^@_72?@L:RK/BYR#!6
?4%@^JGQ1^*Q60]E''?:




.\@@_.$FIU!MCH/CW8.&XA_?E]UN\=7@VW'6:AY4SQKC










5UC
6&16T$6.*SFUP__Y^J+'HK .J)KS#J&M@T;[Z[9YG;Q7]5_S/C3

6)A G&
\J$=3
MRP=BE+@JQXEG?;ND96'
 N\Z\Q4,GC<:7\
MTI5I !J-Z%.W5(

MMG#K+\U^



M6QBM9);&-SC4QY4FEELCKQ(Y(U9


0

;%NG0%#5]=

]7#@6V4[(O6@4-=U-UTEOF2;@SS



QU_[5 9+6[FP01:UL



Y=V8R.21F
M*

MM.D$FAL%]4@4_^6AG


EET#\6R;#7M.Y92?'8B];?/G
MJ:0'/5[SZ0;:9\X
6^]O*(G[VG2+)=56ES26$Y1^J

MHO!AE_N[]
@CK7:.5=\C8EX8W1H]$T!!/
+F%/H[FK4/%IKF+GM;CP4(AA5F



Y
MYDR 

EQR^81D
M?[

M9*GA52N7X 3HQI:!

MG8!A5KBR0_:^B8F


7IWT]'2*0.J=NF:F0K%D7&FA


MNUE.-Q0*;V=HRFQ0V_NQN0_&ED)EQS7DPDIJWO^R6ZR+W\BJ8\I&SMF_=IG3
MIM\M;$W!XR0GZ^3HU)?]M()36050[

M#*UP*/6:S3#[0C9WS+


4_S\S[CVVK($Q5($[W/^X^W

28W:0MLPB&D1VWD&-01-'







M)K#&\0*61O;_'WEO'M94EO4+Q[++61 5F:$I0&0699YTL0$B9$R8Q3 F$
MR#R$H:H$448-$#!(: IQ! 02

[4 :!%=ZQN
M:4DU

=R E=W9EO?0FB2]+A5P








M;B5:? QC




MZ$EH9)@H#
_6V_3(#1F1K;!P?6CY5KML306: $HQ .;WL8;H%GFN5$8GGU8X


M#CI#7[^M;V=5T^I6S++%BSYEZ=Q^Y_OYK;1E7-+G*7ZDX@!0Q;LW'DS;Y'VK
M%QSZ)Y!/54[-[;)//UDU3-'6GV\



MIG]AUPD D.O:B-?._V3PS=.\@A/?G:O(8*FFBBQM&CCXD'@*DH;C;''8L8

M







MW@W^E?4^:-PL4^

M;O-0?66\:K%.ONTO7U62EC^^^8FDTOAL_W^4=\(R/B-SP$_!1$_Q[\XL/!
G$A5'Y'CG;;)[ I J-G3(_
0A /9GU)G8G+]'

6A
V=4@RGO/\4)!&S$]T?6.)=BN
M24$3)$)2?O70./S$Q@@?L@*Q8


LGQ=K*IYWLF9.@AUG%1R
4XNGU3T






MAI



[S
MC'*9%8 *B?)@+)M@#XM



#
_XX9.E;F'WQP7R!$ ?QIP

[*Z^

M'%/P8:U$+J6@7Y3UX-6\[
F$'RLJ@2NO'\D(6 @XE',A9T:W O(!IO^^ 6C
M5,^KI)BHIUB*LDV/8E%VS4!/QW641#WV-OUG@8B+OQ'(Z/^F*S%XOKX0#/;



M@

V&78OQJ6
MQARD]%/

GHU


I+
F/H&IFD(*DN^ 5?;UU^]/G4J*..&AXI/WXVQ
M_:GT\[Z!/4

JLRQ

5Y(*YT-S)$\$'%[N/\#7&B:CZX(N
M4=(Y/$.VZA:M+7%#GIY;9R7BIF+L6H*=TT*_2C2U-<*#C8&S/54%/[:X1MH4
M2Z:8J,B7]$ROF)R44#F5@1^OL2VQO/(E*44H%I&S[;!14SE<_ U^QFV<*7C
L!V^3
M&4FY%A!(!ZJ+$R^GC<V[G/R3^B6DOD]IT]4G@V3TH(+(@Y=+V3=N/M7RFL*8
M?32S;-Q-;A8VKW0G$M=YHZJ6*\AG:$USTE?5=:'\H*(']L'PO#S$=V2*)-J
MH3CKO




M9@?O9C8$E\(J6V;-=?4L.TG;@9*4?HYW(3L$8M\Y*R4CKHJ(2X45V!3?60 -
Q.OU12G$O%H:




!WU^R@64 FRN9U;'

1HA%&DDE

ML


MF_XO]6!?OQ5YNM_(S-GCVSR^=K?@



MTH_Q$7


MB*!U[


M@SG#4

MR[.3A.6_FV,,O$T;A$.(I2\_;TC\WL+&3S+J\(P*LE7RW6<UOD@N'H!N+^!





BG#;)-3[87 00LR:9I8[735CJ]!LFM::# @BZ05Z:




YU0-?3R'

MK85!4U&2=30Q44:7X^?77_8S]


7]^:[+^^-



OB7BULP]*J8LOR-H8#5%S7QLYWF9^JAHL
.QHE

M2E::W&NZ)3ONPZ!W6V:KTQ)/=$=7T+M

335=B-QB?GIB?NW8

M

!]?)24%.683&8?WC\PT-\&B\C



M^UB
K
%P/(XC

0'85@)0I[1Y+OILT^-S+#A5Q

\RH6=J






MC=L.J20N'716C
8(+;[  @[A)')#QM






M\V_?WFV:LSM59F]P\=70]T34XAS012BNQX.E8H+N);*G3$6.51\@$#RYJ#



MWN\3*_':7L?HR4!NRL3W*I8

QRE7:=/62^EMD7^9W 7?*

MWO/KK2;[.SYU&8N.!X#4F^PM1/+4'3;R %#+*)[22H^://=_75-9Z0U.D:+






70(Q/2




MSI4'^_H;I



_ZR-'=.C






MLZ9=HB^?/*H[H7:ZGRV5I#;H5[CJN*:;)5LLDCOC0RH)YM[26RW& Y G.&
MDU[A+TK6 Z9(N/

M2(*;

MJJTF(7%&D[G:

ML
&+'N


M3U%(FE!.M:/8_ND+TR!!ZMFRXP


AG5C)4MH)_7


H1$J[*?
=S0V+-N7C;=CP'5K4AT3OR
MWNX'P#_*?P

M.=SE




M.1[220WC6[0 ?%1:75G3@$5F=*A/*DEQJ4AFD&&))I@:@P(F
22@BT!^@CCW
M(]T?J9^N*?VGSRNV[Z(PZH%E08F391V




JA_%&8N\];\
MH[$&


P]DVO)8[LQW2?_


&-Y;XJ
26%]MW1
;//


MA(LRBY@




6N==-.&)XR93!P1T7



@0O?)I?C7\_Z)%&^KTPT'36 ]=
M\[K9R]^KW!N83^IR60-WRUILXD/0%P@5] 7ZAPDAAW$BD'[I'\=HZQ@/'B




IXX'.'RDC^Z@-B(;H\I[U2MHC
\U

MT== 92^?
]W382*0@-4N!YH41#CJ?:TAU_=S (655-7Z0;1E1V%4L7[SM
5'
_Y4X 7#6/6(B2GXFV)31EL58,?C*JS9T(=NY
MMF+0NZ3[,O[IA.(),H:E5')_[]8- Z_#F&'OF+TZ^4UM)?L<]FK* *(W-GL


M4S]'6#&WV.(DBX!C^T+3%S=.F87+J

M)A7]LYHU?3P)$3 %2]/2UTV=3JBKSJ=GD;K?&63MMPKQSSC^86E6T'7D%G8
MPLQ^;@L7='?F4[0U&'\QZ1,X 55]V559NM_F^QUL=9,ACR4 /;!3_HW*D9+

M0__J

B#I-M[
M02#%B)MOOY0@R[=O!&H1

M&C_=JC)G30 YN-4)3Y5LOO*G\YOH-%VND8J60IU_D]3AS&7^W1K.\^Z_\+!_









M?D6P=)^*8%:


MI4K&
G4?!H*?D/%.(!LD&W?)WBWX+*AFU29!QB*1DV5YOPP%!
MO\ 4N%#0T
MJDBBI









\8WCA;.F
MH,4#@,33AS$S<W+X+9!6!^?K:H;TLAE%@W).<%U:2U(CN$8Z\'
YJPPW%(5




((8YS!%$-;4:H&@R!A#K48$

@0Q*F@ 4A8@S(3!(29 J2
 82
;O<*:6 379Z0)]*C:!*KM$E(S/SM;<
_2G:VAR8S




R(V\.I$



J[

M79!FOY


MN&E:46H5=J*0:!/9
S8#'7$?* 
\NG/W@E%+3X2*:@;HE@90I68OB\!\47%3
M\Z@K-]7YU\:#SPRQBS
A_#5KCG_;KI@FW1;Q=.F0CDG:J*_L&3E'V\ZUG)ZY
MT^7+978X


OV
M*)_#@CE

X]-Z_
Q*
M4'RGXD1








F/^=_^?HTS3Z9$2'!HEGQ0\.[4K&M)F$7=VJ



Y12

B L


M_U=VG(P]Q_LK.\[3



R



M!*294OP

4?
M;B^*X7_=


KMAU= O%F&A^^_*=&_
1C[5ML(





XF(Q?^_50J

TJS-\J3Z1'#UZSZV415RIBNW!@H4=3FHF$HU)70D<RU* /C/<'#Q]-
MS[X\H-Y4E]^NVA%: N+TE4,.CJQWNG8=8V_M&5_5A/R+#]W#O(958D!@?


/ART[70


MM=@LA+7Z);LT\I\.:,[7)_ EE9&_OCV9G0LH;SF8G/)Q^[IRZ?3:^LSCMP
M\UDLV5EGG(-;8*F#*]7@C(S5Y]95N)74O_SJWO^IL*V(A$+SF?E($Y/X-3@\

MMO6'=8I*HF



?$$O(8VB7TU\
9G





MD.]LO# LP-F?A)'UM@.XXJJQAB[2GK./3]2M 
])6U$4RF34DTFMFO9&]Y
M.2+BI)F)K]CGO_*^&6OGDD)-D^M#\CG%&55W&:N%F5^2H++(X&*M;DW?(3ZF
90_*U-??.7R3*$X

M;FQR+YZ@?2Y$X/5;/EZ9H+US=NK*-1^]%L*UKW\S1S?1PH+(CERT*_:CU(HU

5BTDVXC44MM]I0#H

KS*Q)
M/W]0;^2M?Q%AS(580Q3F
W-5!%G/'7'J#\I7; #*


M

+


M8WE7K/%4(=Y


MR4R:ATT+8&XR97G#
Z&O!SUR@162Y

M[++..4VGU% !9P[X2J8?9__]+86CW\_H
UMUX3[3U:.I8DN212+R-'EM![TK

5&JQ]

2MM./M![:+'*QIX 1*CEE
M]WL]'T%CDC\$?;_=U!+EH[\KQMY'Z!D.(O^ZIQ;9\&Y-3O+6R]B&S7DI](-6

M9%I/[


FT#VD;I?L-(E8WNLK5\Z

MRJHUK8
K7F]G.$2\=TC&MUT#9 )J&7W_\3N4KS0YVAL[MVK(6]!A*4_.%= 5

MD:SM


-JL:8'WB*ZNN1NE:-

3*!@ K([IY$1.188_IYI952)OH(9ZEW+I%OK^EYKA
MP8ISUTKQQ.18:6K3'2YDQ9-LH;)VI98)!
6OPD4_A%F@_5N+#=0PBTI/HU8C
M&S0^6)U?'VKP[/9FQ
6K99Q?/7AAU ];^:
]_


RY)MSEC3N:-=



M1(.^4W$P
&&)'=^8GOIIB*U87H:+')(_664EI5/)@^J?.
$G_QHUK2S1:+(6



M


MM)15;

]LF)7


;6TBSH^ROLK:_NBO'K!TXG





IAZ(.(\[:1IC;H.O''(?TX;=*



M*''/F3U2+O!@R_)+
2BRLB1.:#KVS/?0C/ D4_W'OY_0N&2BTL;'BM#8Z0
M8
W






$1H[]M)45+HK=J
A
MPG)7K%R)0;/?^AL^S$)E5RP$P7M




M7OW!YZ2BWT_ERJX8I6-

MCX
5%^'Y\JW!J+IBKV)14H/&.=EY7GHS0WF89]O _VSZAH:*[C/8+;N@D3G
M@XZVXQENI?FE5RUU5[^8V?L^B.:KL^5K^@1^C)(OAMN.:C&7BO7+JKUKR
K


MA$(

9D_Z6(+IW\:&#\

3AWAVY':EXF\+[]-5+;R4_KOF+[/U]+







M55^T*\82GW'\5N3R

$_5*%
-D .@OO+


%


M \[^Z!#


$U





M]-GS[)Q_7N2^*2QZ6USR[OV'RJKJFMJZS_5?6MO:.SJ[OG7W# []&AX9'1O'

M_^[L_][&8O]3._L?&_L_]X4']G-R@





 QA6'44:3U3Q




;*?#]


IN.N;/K276&4]#$W]#+G2?Y7MH U
M5\:+\N=: 46UDD\FE<]T?_5TXCX_9UPU)+6D^QI].BA)ZJHQWZ&=I*G*^A.






MI\((_PXS:4IQ

D'

':UJ#@E]Z\@X5@A$MG9UJO!]RDO:?XMYE)1RV$5=H+

!I%5)5]!/&_1K
92B2Z7/:\7I3-T8
LI9L!QK/!80&BRIS
MA_G



GI6HM!Y;4-7$G#0(B
M \/5&$+
R^2

MK



H5D/1


^335\;HC\813
F2?%
M_
4;
]G
=OT^E
I5K6YJ$



-VGL#:A_I/VN?D2\T\G;H8_[6I4P;BNG;WAL3


HOUD7.

\[T

J!&(*=_%R[V9'18W^FS(8-IN#PR:+CK;CI\'L25O6Z'/=2

M+*]*'Y)5C%D^_?L(QR^G5VZH






880,BK)\8@''HS8J9
MB6\\*[<B/L*Z?=ZYE5=]6:6%+/8'KL^&/C_5POE;EYWRPE]+U7U/7#44@

0&A6M6^


4+3Z: +R@$CLZP_?92


X&:D9)D118^XYWA]..]MN)L9DC
M7QI%O@V8#K=OJ3Q:/!MZ%0B*J1
^
_H5W=+^1;[B':LS7V;XH\/TZ$5:LM].

WB04J9=GF:]_\$% WZM!R\@
G_)%


M+-&R=[2F@5!3F-5 ^5SRF[J\I0R79
\








M]WN0N%Q
_Z4H#$U=FR&ZU (CV\-X(N!SN&9



8_][A+0=X[/Z'Y;2^U1^Q_\X-=DEL0ND:N,V8#S
MSASK(L+2S4Z/DN.DO&5!?&JQ:_B\8N]&_T+[YHCS7

ML@.(KF
#/$S6(!L@5\&\ JY04:
U0GLE;4PK?4%E9'^QFTZWO$[OW7\NEE26





6XQE]/1@$EE Z)(!-9_1A)I

M3/

F$D
P=D-KE4#1R-XJO;K*LJAJ=)G)UNS\V_?J(+
/EX
M(7

G1_*HZRLZX)6=\M9$@S/YMXOUW9LT_6



9''\5-
KHJ!SH&[I2)JT$EWLK-ME@\GZZ(G6;*'8$RL8LHWV

M6V#+/@7$4V#-KV\F8#.





04?/Z/-H97YGN%

KB[!ELZ)=*2XYN8\JBE[8'I4P1NA

ND&VO23*RZ.F8A&QY/Y1=W

0/2#J=I(#K0268'ZWVK^\)M*?*%)1<HS[2Y\!T?
MGU1<^:;J+?_C&-O#9Z#(;MB\!M$7%+3L660^&=B\.G#]2-*U6;*MM)I]U:=






UFWH'(Q#

M0@PQRD:[)






:0@\P)

)^@HK?TG:BKPPU@A
RT7MK'/T%SJ^0?
DS

M'DW34DO?1H.*5 ?:JK;





MAIJ]






^.A
M=1
JT^IB-0<=L\$?9RU_:YM5WOFWC9%F_7R33D;

M^CJ1]V9Z_SY!T/Q9X8

MB-*LKMHL[3IH*D5%S#\6&W?GOQA]]2=O4X0.2^@7
V^6!C^0


%J5/79@]#08[AYD-FRW 5.!('$1X DS8



2M-
FG*=Z$U'

PHG\1
M4B^[B\3-\B@U/X1-0AR7W!HRN!;U:!L4/([A4$-%YMMK;A?3&(Q^0_9;;V
MAO2?Y36JK\W80&/-



P!&(\G^;K5,]64CI
MT60$G
3YWF?4S(B99G)_T 7NFV-?YC
2K@81T]#\NBYE*O Y/C:#='0;^QQV
M&S911]!NQ4WDM&-JL23[@HBGSK]J%-^Y^3JR9*OJ7I5M!




!/H*AQ!


SLQ:U#]4/Y3&1#@L]



96P[

M.#R
ACY70YZ.\R!

A+W7S.5 EM_-0N7:GH^




M:(%+
/P]B7JU

PPJ7@VZ180-^D+09#K1?
M-&ATOE(FG')7!\$)3 \()G^/L_UU=Z?QR1D2&]#:[)+[R&O7$V^^)0LKU:.-

\11AIR$?LTL?T='D3P
%ZEUL^5

-8N(B+972N=QK4W(8$
MST3SV]
-% CF&E-RK2A.6T2+Z$?[
@.4X0^W/ =?2 4_Y'E:G\T=V7!]_=M





*[Z.
MZD/K?8N48M:;F47











0EX;_I?U8V^/</X18_&G


M
F:!QH3N%I%'56

?K8L991S\ER;D[G[JBE-%Y=M?SHM7W% C7


MP7.F+9?Y]H9A6K$BR ZN/QHM^8V$J$UFIA6)W)9)K6\DA+


U!ON%UQ&LS










@ZR 18_4=M
AL$_

MKJ


M.1H



G?-DZU

M8HW *G=(B#ET\LPA

MX9;]DU2?KQ]




^Q@S*9IOZ#MG7T<VX#& +:D:N7TWU?^Z^KG+;XCA;)GZYLY
M@F.J']0Q1+=8_%$4T.9@2=Q1=#\67J;(NU
L^H.;SGF#E= 0:L/;._F_%YV3


![?R7PXFPV W=93VNT76M

R2T6?Q/BEG3*(FA1J?95WY#

M)\$9Q;\LS_=U^.[ZK8-?+I8$\[QX;]JH?CQ/Z_J/JQR;NQ-)4E( 8
P&Q@19
M_!*47I8
7;B9

S/4U)






$J
MT$4(^VZ=*W)'!XQ-
E_G_CG/TQOY:FA^:9%SN!9@EJ@_'HH-21;MZWSX!6




NB\W#3;1X.









-?'E6_

MS!M0^;6#.4W'*0&3DC(K0V/5!Y^




M8_IG*SS4$ 1EA\Z-&L/4\))
?8IT*K,UFL[QXLKHQT^*O1;XS_@MM;TJ\)
M?3=[6?V#UC_

]T(3I;@

@M=CB4WY-.G_!O-
VP(D+


M;7J\*@8MQ&R!!N:? _Y_8E. +?L)R5E5#
F8?B)B=#;@NT


)+

MZ(%)9@.B*!UTFSNK0X9Q Y&6OVH\Y726]9
NGC7=E5Z7_33KX*F+XI7UYXX)

M0_7^88\HV9H0DF44HFR1I;*
-DM^FG8A)MF;&&7/F!'9=T*(J50(331(9.R2
M4-:
98PAQ0PST3C
XCG^+Y_/\_)YX?/QPCGG/M_O];V^UW6?^[[A:RMBSZ81


G?FW

FQL67#W$$YSIW^



M0H%@VLHXIV5S^O


M?7 )[PLXB#
D7O%ST#:;W&O\#!L-)NP):3=79@LB+('9 Z!*N.I ('/H(O'[
MFH(^ZLV$722UW.E$J]J.E0#'!HTLU)]T0&.Z JSQ^\U 7WDG)P+P_SK02FN7

$4V:*WBV%[_8X5XO
F5(H_





M







N*4)^0+Z5


M8/$-08SV;XJ68

!CNC15S@ABV3V(V8(!5G3S.0U



M:+5$PRSM'\=KRH.TZM56B540;


M([F)H=#QH8-6W^^BWBP:1]N\4NT]M'R&E3K#K70G;^SO@V!++KMJ
8?8XT @
MB\(V'\6A]&(NC(5L(N/_B340BRP?YX[^'9UZC;)MRR;.Z:ED7!^)%W+HQ@F3

=Q*  .Y[0?2WW0S<S&LD\_IG/;8Z:U<^,Y2*?Z3*0J?_BPCZZPR=]_/


_\9XT


MCIN/=
$.PO[Z;\]B5NM=VX(







C/*PO7S+BN.@O5O%SU#@GXS
WP&N
#C=.7;

YWA9
*
=7I0D1S['R_U
+
NN3+#C304


RK

^UP;68<CNY



M$I2@27@

T'@F[9_

:O7&Q[1-XS!MK
AR5SAYI
^I9LZMVD94+NZ=
MUC[614/M'BF1






M
_*N/F,K&]\Z([)E]L_@,U9:G7GW;J#MU[T#/E5)SB3
K8')RK*#RK%-'Y


M9D 'R5I@W7KB)]*I\0QUSF$PST$STSSO2&;]RLF
S&'?.]XA0]%#TCL;A7











RGQVR\2@V


M)A]9XT!G
?/LF3HKK7 Q(-M!5O


MECV00.1I!QJ*ZO%OL$DT:4Y9\+$V&F\W-L@6J[H^/]E6D;#M[0
;GR(0S_
M+3;PK_6AKZ1/
$U-FL!-31X:.







M/5AP9-E(:3'14_LX

6
M8

\<;552C);JB_W8?-[E2]BN<YGMF_K']^[JA+W-1T'K2
M70(YADJA1S)#5FBX3BT)IP7KFL;HZ9M$9Y_Y9TW]D@$U-LDIQ5C_XEIW-IKW
MRD*9/PS;89A.UFBYC/P)X!SM2NL/S%UN-;1#W]=I2E5Q+[\24YE&:XKTJT


MS3TQ[V&K7W=)]MK&]YHYVDEAI50L6'2M.[?-GJO

)D

[\MS?%5)!#76Q8UR-;\\6D61?0Y*

M&N[]DW]PB6SXM_WMHL/E 3

M%7S1'[.D9!@

@


=0C](N#;H=V=5 1^\W6'G<2) < 'Y4V;
M M.\ F@
T/O\:(7V.G-3Y936P(#U'U83KE356)HL
U=%ZTMWR/R7*ZW67Y'U

RP'I3E?Y Z[)L[@]=\._F=B6]QP+ZX5TF:3Y_/2'






^
0@%X!Q\Q9G#X\
M_*)@Q?&49O4X6MSS3I3U@EU1Y:HQH]WB]GZ%!Y'U-$0;08(;-C.(F*:=?_[
M


9691_Y
O

M0608!OSCT3_ X:V#C32@IS@L';V,/C;'UX52'2N+RHG09]L!*C.Y.-K)^2
M9_-*&'JDWO[)#53C.[G7L+K0[3

+=:/^HO(_!F;-
);R
M


M





?









M)-NLQC7#@WT\+8@D%58S\=^GVE$/YC]Z:.;K$IM4E'33^?C\7T:MUX1//+!1


M7.8

EEU

_^AU-!UY6
M+5N/*XG[KV8(/E


M6S
9G%9 DBFSM55$-]7T]LK
EVO7Y18A;^'
T_ET0]S$V.S%1%I]&ERZASKQ

.W0@!LZF:\#5/VO*4OA@0M!
M[#J.

!4






IM.N1AQ





M^JND3\^7N)189FYX^'EGU%&_QHI9*L*XBK5;$$
'_B\XKW/L#[R]R.[B('8O
<D*-?\%3Y!M;U9
MA5D[O.K[

Z8X#]XT=GMI?#6A-[G&+'FI]\V

M&:;'E\0SH

&WX'5BBSIK;;Q


1SQNY3W









SO6Y /


@TG59
'I?*)SNR2JA
MWDBFEG&O/O@45S2+\G7=T






M!
A<')8WZ%V:;ZC<^2D<R+$#=.)ZS



,;89J<_[Y;'Q:(:GP[D,)D:(V7!9F
IG5N0\1*:

^$
_6==E@PGEQC1YZ\TH(6





IS3)Y_T

MQ@H







-91'C8DQ]XI!$BK_#
MI0=OFM^SA./7X+(^#LUR+(M
=)GOI]3*W#&V24;BH8^QPQ5=BY
&-5F[S4\3
M^M$I


^9F)66K

ZOSWHN7G5D)BQSSSY
M0N*.C&
B'$*T%8I


GL.GO55




M'


#%[AZE*




WBC!

M5N;.[^SS#2*:'8Q


OGRW&T%055AP1.5E*@H/&!R 1  6S@R$;[&BD3:


*
M0;SM^50JBE;T7/ 7!3#QN(7_.='5]NV15?;#J]97$CZ4%F].=9%8MJ*H5
M'NM:4?@#K_'N0 @!H9T_?L\L49C%9U5[S';
B0@Y^_TZZ7@!_44Q9VZ
3*H.


=MG)7':-HM3]=BR^%G?

X?%;0NY7:=*:Y1HI)(UXSS'FOM@&*L1





74W'KC1!

M26'MHI[PL4

M5SO\Z

M/
&GM/.C&GJDY'N



J6
 VB*Q
'Y(6E&


8U]D%\KM]EA

M?R$[DDM*
_HX '

Z85Q5X8=]MW.6L$Y\!^@U9M:3RQI+%

M7*U:8TFIX \DW:0Z-0$J97-S[2Q7N[7&TB%2[E:2Y9'R8[P/TC::F
](
/08@.L&1P2Q%!'Y^[0,%QIT9RU 4G[V+C
5[





MSQ

5=L;





=N#C9A@X\6*?&;9A/.#+\4:

70)(;Y^*]#S9:7T*NOD)RQ8M\A;44#4(7 GL:J:IS&XFUGQM66
98

(ODE&G(@NLDJACZD)

BZ?+)5@=JSHY+^=_D6/KC



\Y(V$*DFHX'6D#/U;*/ IF:]$
M-7\JAM(1]#OZ^9/9^J&)KB$1V1M:]V[H-L5)'WC%?EC;E5@?
URNYP2K3
M0XB*29WJR/)H](7).OAN9&AL87MZ78MRI@OOPR]G07(G+2Y1^S=D$YC(A!@H

M

]1O]S]VVU/AU&_FZUMZ3[9;KDJ9C))4
7:JQ/G0 ).

M

M])_0X4@)0^C





H&(](]I/CAUI.E(@GLPL
J_TX59[TEDD
MT;-6S LPI
11U6A5ZLTQ.S?EIWY\XYTY'9MM0OM2+I]R#=?1BOF4YSR@.9
M5J*(#N %KD%PO4MZ
S@%?+P9RK=EHC?)]\YJXM2[ROQ-7MFG
6HR%/*B[+&5
E7R@9 )
O[6)^+#Z?


=%!N/;.]P


;

M^NRR$:W5OTM[D]CS


MU(S_#]5RM*D7@4 \




$YJ6L
8/ S

M3)?@54!%Y]\1[#M\?YAH(V1UI2

(]+




66 FN]*RC-2)+OBZ:CS+7'-
BW!'*O0C



]
MNWMI^B9);C+MIUC:1^VHWI

M22X#$]_6]J6^236;]&GAK_\@:BZ:M.ZWMZ S_9%]_1=5O'0?)(OIA5-80_9!




M

M#!R9=+MH0'T^%*_(B.4I!GSRA)64+P7GITX!AV(F^[=N2)^U8_LFJO4D2GT7




M0-:GH-@H_
6F\N



0='SQIS$Y!7)




M9K__75[#D]?R7*)XDVF# '

M))NUE;VXT
*!Z4%W]
CJCM0L
[%(@U)L?Z^ARYBIW['1
MSC!C^/8T(M]6#J;;Y[
Z9JJO'=YV^LUAF@&SP*SA2%#T0+ T-IX?V@NX!JO

9M\ZT?V[=)X761/5.?YLH-6
MS+G1ZH-\6+'D2818^?(I3LJ%)%4+$OG.G2S8/@RQF^+-$?G2JT.+N:FJQT




VG$IH8P

OH1-W5:G



M]2S!N:3+M72V$Q?\0R_7&Y@CKR;417R^_SB[Z)F]TL
%4(1IXFL6^/4)2#




MD7]H=@_ZA&I(?*]K\%K-36ZJYG.



OXPX#^6!VW9<GM(*788_%/;8I:FONRR&&I<22X?\;^=2

+FE).[BQD6O3/+P
MS5]E7
/W-P)6+ZT]B5YA%D$S@((?
A-&=($ 2I9W6S#)^R!V3-!BB5*G_JWV
MPB9\MHU[_N@M;85WL?)ER[KW#EUYU/NTT;S5O?Y/^9D%26HAR-I'.TD';Q
M[-N/U/N??V0$LL.A/
O(WF$/G0*$-9K$)';^*Q:3:%/UU7(D_F!3-F=;':


J

I0)@)9_JWA
M:ZO#B=!8CZUJQU.3@HJJXJ;R)[F7I9EPV8@UBB9G.$-/E] /M 2B 02.Y^

UPUK




MU1FP3



=76[Y)I6[?KI@E*!3='G4)/4[X;&EY





Z
MMP/?\;



-DKJ'

#D%Q-G'\

W]IWK-'-'9O2-ZX$;J&!O2:UE9Z5NXRH%H!#IR.



M-Z_\2FS]$B


X2GZ%_=!F9(: .3T]
_0P8X9GZF?BQVAL6\6
HVRQ6^ *M/?
M75W
M]ZT-MX=@


[^']TQP\

MP]ORP$E0L?K8&10#53'3!:D\@*
OT1R'NNM33ZPK8?F(#?KN:7
S4[S1*%]6



Q.?NZ7Q4GK CNW-9CLF;T/*A?CN?5 CDA!I9( :@MPM+ZL@A_.6'%O


M7_#VH

N(%^D+7_625QTH3&6E#=0[

M<]UD@8E@**TM+GA=I?+(':$IS%YX=U D;7C.INB%XM\GWZ[A54K8G\0%GCM
MGL? Z];A;,7(W*/0?J*.CX9(.4-:Z





#T+/TLR@^^V

M4*6
RBH;:@3

N\


M=0O^THT#366AI;02C!]L88-L
:&C?BQ^'


M^-G-Q]\GE5EIP3
A_-[1ZR8'';K




MI$Q^-4O5


MI[D^=&87^U2GZ3/OR^-5F\[XLY]
MM WP\LDK*[
9_S.@ '2453^Y[9^FYG$

M$AVB



E-QQ'








Z



-M[ME
MGH$W=C1/?)BL2$!

M3$Z0HE6?!K


6)NTVOCW;E['TQ
1
M(Q7!(DJ7G
;EDFE)Q*B4JPAAG(1R#_:*PJ+UU.7&-KG+]S-TSM$$[-BR#SQ5



@7W78:3]=($W-
M^Z#?I%0ZC?.?+D%5_W2/)57!1&0?]&0:_&O&D_YA:A^T
0BF_%#ZI\M#J'^Z
M!_QOK#E%4 RA^R4'+W8_F_7_[E_B_W?[G_R_U?[O]R_Y?[O]S_Y?XO]W^Y

@D_\)P.5T
MKTHU


Z)G)+/A^

W1[''[[I5F++W7$-\5'+$;+W






;0/NEODL@]Z


NH5DQ2'4GO
M^C#UU(\[]WX]Y]V5H+IT.W#! 53\REBT.P%C0B' BBLZI3#3;N$ J*XB2

M\=9#Z];)F_
JM2
B\C+9]LAS@FHH'('9N@-E-]EL:!B\4Q(Y328/YVIN%4KY


DGR3:F.F)R5UCZMX'%6:C[M^B+#\J(L-H

XD?@\']Y?


M_NO1Y/_/Z3L:J[@V^X@(ZS-4/1*Q531L41HT)&UX_#'RYFTD[]IT-CH+)D0U
M)D;U\@$%[E?D=N]/;3O5_]):2Y;


J:PT:EM6;Z$%=



M


M:28




:L
MGEUFB3M^8 5MW*CY4[RLC:YQEE7]]L1C4$^D7*[5QELAQ(,0(9.L*/1\+/$
ME.10'/K8O'SM@\=FIZ6SKK.__FWGA\CEQ_R


UV[U*0



MYT8JYM24.:7



M ^-YG_&-?.]XR^\WRC?


KQ

:3$'0?!DDA.U-&Y
G/RV0-LZMPK30:8''X;M3#'



MI-!O,(X;=/JQ]Y24
[.Y3=$7-9]6U1O@I.^O
Y_Y6-

M8[@AS'' WE0H3V4V(=V 




@INP%4N1-ER







-:[=[:%%#M$LI4;2



M[-R6/PYZ8GT._QH^4'N\O;#MDHB3\PLSK7VY#J8?[ ?#Z*\;UC30UXU)F8CR



T^?SL
M$-Q $7#;[63+Q=T]B

 @A-

M8L^C

9V3?U8@@C:SC
QQ0') 7-) 0^ P0NC0
M$\O1-[L^0





MBK;MWYL;UCCK'-MUC3]M*BE9H)S8HB7

M
%"Q+2F-P_+SC]/LJ,67!!*VS6]T-Z\:Q/_M?KE][=(+&HX@S@#W)G2Q?





M!9O;:2OQ
L1-A


'O









'G2

OKG2\!<_L=<WOJ\'G-$^9OIKMXILC1KOL=XI]--?1KBSV._M
MBI)'
).=X%LP6:!L'A

M.XQ1(5^CPMOO6V)V;FZ)_ZI=6RH89HF)\0]4*7I4.$Q1R\BB!XV-OOGT?_3*

M^@8/W[^_T[W5Q#KWW'QQ+ASA1.&EGG(A(:A#\3!7O%AK_=\D0%BNGQI*6D



MJ*WCX9V-;750HK[^'[T8A B2



^Z[?5.$EF@(:5^
M@0:ZNK0FOC4[MFZ3^!-5ZN4$





MVICDW4U
==?W$U

MTFY420O&:8O6HA;T@ET[C4^J


M6BB1LD
)2%5




!Q-G-_&7+HF[*
KJ



MJ

#9#K4AM[$HIO4C


U&\


4@(; ;
M(8/*W(6#3-S:H3*'VY.





:






7'U#8
1[WD2V](&(3;;-:].SS.TGZAZA./YR%S+)0;



;MYR;JJB;F7 _R
K_

MLR)LY4+UN(I



MWQ[FY[;D5@@SK.G_^_W4@+G^#:L$*MVK;/[VY1^3LVY/8LN47N'@DN5]E*[
M!BZ/3 N,JL;T:*#OHV'GG$/A2.




N=





M&2TXU0CX



S#;8NG0=J73




M?;5D#41Z448J/1*_Q K][KO-F;?1M+&\?-@(?3\O%MUAD
A!FEJ-6Y^[$UTP

7Y2YQ59J7
 ) =Y$\0TG 5W- DM2;NH9[/7Z
3%38D1

E^R(!.:&+
-\8WY.9*)@7(U]!L?XXVD\\
M.-].+A#]45QD=IR1Y7P)W_6N2X2XH-(@I4C)_1\Y$LW//P6I\YQ5+Y__5G=8

AGPXY;Q)R=?[?=4^SJ-
EB:D+9IT[H
O\%
<*RWR

M#P*]/
YEOG5=H$ZF1YPD)2H^C'1H%P6$**JFN9V)'#K^=
5:9;_Z1S\[\&_%

5!


MFS#WGXW7_8K&*2&_U[#9



J#U

!@(ZJ@O84[7O*V[=K7I. RU-SV4<6*XFU*:9

MZ$&/%U
LJ4L?2JI]4NSB!W/L1J:M:COMZM*RF ?:C!Z(E%&_T;-+@%WS__!E



MNW/3ZG^\!V9WBLJ


:FR
VO?NVBF-#P4+N&W\B!Q^1Y5Z.%Z;?OF3M*'




MY5N&G






F0C

M/H+%2



?)+

G7Q;$?
7R'DE.7GFDA.::<AH;?KZ9VB_/^QE;GH
ME)ST?IT&$H(X2CNW6_23K_0'4UUFMGZ&L13J?U\LV1&04F4@&]N#[)F @C)*


M[X6HSLA1A]BC?2L1&HCI!SW3D8:'_O$MH.T8YYU)$I7/@
JQ U2AIN:FYIQI



=NJV#R4@K= O[)'C^
MH!.]!09



6XM3NWPQ$S[:U(TO?'0EF6
#4PK-XB)UY3H-M





+EF0DLS8*3:=


R
M2(B0EZCM&J@:U:FSH]V'WQ!%)=HVF@@%Y_WMVA+.X#'5+G2M462R&B^189
+^_);X<$OYM^_P5P7)*SD.VM%Z;F ?T$'2)K_^X]A1VF8!I
MF[FU85P_0+ULM1JWP?O0K<\=LCNU:+-P?3EU0



^!Y'+-P



M_'8D$%GY0#^-A4$(9HOP20GT3:F[J[;14'=Y[+0RM\05DVRTL:7
R.%%1##T
MI(*9=&+8BU
T@Z1LCR\/SHY*Q-X_:




M(1)KU3979K\E'X0?-DY(NCLF^*PB[G:'0+PK=?'L
[&?)5O0%'LP(9H0RCKB






@6?:U

M?

T$

KKZ\VFI@VG(NZ:Y0


M#]2E-1V=9GL*@F+-%Z@UM@0



M]^564;&






LI6TV5CDDUR%G@'XFZVOWN:-
M)(.SUB/O
J^KPCQ?0^:=G/O)NJ2SU.Y9B6EO\.LCT^-U:XVV:9JO3]S4)B+#





M?4 ])F2Q


M
%5MKT'3;VHA\P
]

MQ).\*=;@:SH+%3ZYIM;G[(NA#Y[=DE)YW?50'TP%YPP8\NT=[5A()H_W23X
MVY\Z=T%JN:V2;W_)L_']++4WA+0]19++RFF&E-^8XU
N4E0S&YB!+[+L
W8


9NAI9[MIB)[H%?C]$V=/6_%)K0







?
M\*&ZKZQ,NWI((Z*CE<BZ
C
1@8(4QLF_C4+T[XO;'-E
MK!6
.]U980M#CR!]6IZKO62=P[.NN+













T*KP%'X
FCJ9A.F&
:\'


M(ALV:J^5PY8*6MG340O)2*(3PPM($E&/Q]R4&DIVG;-ATP$?AOVMURITWWYM



M]R(\(SVJ_H9F#H[[.(%#D!R)[%.%'!3'X0S8SRRRF&+%J;43@BIG@_ZSY+

F M$E?F[\$E/)[C97
:74?ONB/;KWQ0M-7PVMA[78
M RG$X3GKN

[.0$NU





MN(J/'Z]WHRKLE@PX  F5IXU#7U'T=U98OAUA?FZHV5Y+
F?
]0I)\NB.8#U
M[64R:'G.2G7'((G9RIU;P8@_T*U[H(WI02XO7&J,9+T.6+XF:I#VL8%[-_H


M?V_FWGN]

GXS[.=@'0W_#_/)G$ 3[@O%H;M
M '+;9'( 
NRTCBK/Q/7

MOT%6=&%]@: _
!M7'#U@4%)TPTJ5AI*NX*]JSS&DBQD-
3 QM96+L!DG)V)+



M)3S;=C!I&[3MZLS  (QJ0CCT0N


I$^XLMTSD'^LW$'DF44








MLKJ4HKWQ.+5+XF=S%L&Z



MKN]GE8WW6!Z5UGTA('DZRT#GA#UF=/&11;[^5Q
[F6=I(3O@1XR\ MV3WE[I
M
8OC%AMAMZ



-BK#;7XWG@Q2@YY9RG6N
MAG?D61UNL36.YRF++PKE\]DWUS[C51-P)BCC?I+#H0#B75SQN=6_[_(?\G_^
MM\#J2


M2'@T.^NJ[F LE;&;*B:[\A3Q;]K(_VHSQIST]XPB]OK7$E-+RV6587Y^N@S
M]8[Y4=K]/@AM][_UW*\X






+PI%ETD=N
@_BS_DXAVQV!


MSPF)^$'C[^Q4^ZT

M9.0H
EW##=EJ'MD6V7*':8KY&P^C17%C1R3S C0\I!X):+Q:2G78 )5E/#\[
#U_D 
;.LH^N4E[I\BY?A^^GW^:+X1O%
ME4417/!




2 -


JH

;!


&!<A\RYGL6[*;[[ NA.[-B4_.1ILS^(#J5#O
MR'53E M^#%OHP6[G2)GNN()!HRZUOM&EA!99M 8_[V6:=18-\V+'E6JK4B-



M!E=C?=/VIL38 7F1S\/4EE](7K7.B;9^GOKYF03+#[D:6\6S'K!;I'AFOE[Y



MFH4(!U94K9Y'NH0@^.#2@34CZZ(V4W;69WH/7.](% ?-Y?\%4SB AIT0Q=$J

MTHX]^-Z&PX]AF

H97\FF'?HKW)=@0IST1M4
M2PAPI2-SG0/8=[C^.!G

M6*Z!GG 9'82:MW2Y;F.S.8!7-PRHFK[V
B1F JB$[
@SMI/*WH]1_+F&_/]3
MR5-O0*ND4ZGE



/B?H@BZ/J[\SR



MG?R[!#0ZY_VMZ



(0U

MSP?]/_Y]#DA





M$R-(U_NWK;&\VBVU(\Z':U8UW+F^$@Z ]II^(\\)/!
:*(&M5S)&
TCWBDSN
MT
KIYB[H\A.FRV+:



M:MWKD0KA_J

5.0#




MI!5=GMHF5QRRACS)U%8;.7$C+/[P\).GI0MSG:Z&

M_B/? --P.5-O;+K'8IM




M&
$X;3'0*7KY?83W!K$=66P58]O_['SD8ZQW?*%7WAXAR9@A0M= 3015F9NS

O]DZE?(
MKH?GVU\^MNY!_2TS-;GR9V@/H?GKC6?HR22HT/@2)




MS\C'@LDG@NJ5V^O=VX5D6)FW8T7%\C0[L8$%%9=**L9V3/+F4Q'N[V?/B_EO









M$/RZU\5A%72XUL-%R
$#LY




M




M9$W(% 5_2._?5( 7OMI(^R1P/\ WKE@6?U:V-
^HPB







MX+K A?I%7S;_./+5%E9@PW^]!3I6U6P[3E=\7!T7TOF%'LT#W.GN%@$VP00?

0F;@CGER
MG^OO7UK/5&86+$P_
!;X465_

&MG6BFQ6=7#ACU0W^ANBS-


^4+V:1P][1WW1M\HA0V9
MPZ,&YLU,*4D3[/,O5CA-K 

M9WQ1!'OM?D*[KIC:V)$TS]77J;_/79DUG%L=FWNUR9W0O].V_5G)B-/YG:6-
MNNV[A2^ @D$H]-P?^-V-'BE-_6


CT^(B
M6V+.KZA^.ZV:W*/TUJ'RD
M1V

\2BIC)3*#7ATXWS2ZNW\]X@G

\Q:2;6.M3[NU#
M&6_)XF\?:)U++

\%!DRM#L3,:N=Y%U^$?RK
ME%)1'PFJ!Q/(/20[\IP*XH]M-XB\\XE4?P'$-5^T?XUR 4?/NW(/OT8*1M$



' _MN]'B8/EC_ !$U;+SK86^5%H3ZF L:,\4A
MT-6+#!ZX<CU=L6@<SDLW?@Y_1'1A=Y^VN\H-OL#KY[T&:C^S)^&4+?ZY.:0
M]

5F.8M?A++O$R4EK&6K#E-


C]O^4O:]@MJ)



/J%G)Y

M&5/V

PUK9EKXT?D2=JDEZD

/)X&NVI69KWSS(&Z5M 9YJVB




MD#PJ080JVJO*:@Z@OVAALQAY&M&5)=6O#0P+Q/Q%GL;($7VU%;%CTACMTZ
M\
+;(7[ZFHXWU/@_%

]RMQ@W
3VM*[MT(K2H?(=A_I_WX

@Z3&I3?HDM4WHJHNI=T84'[LM!R



)IG7E;ECF9RW$D-I)!X.7;7W)?;4W@11AP0F

MQW-N@;WK8&V)V]=X:G2FDR+UJ8.YK2C##F_'XO[373U$'?-J!-*#A.78)&YB


C*DS





MA.$0= OTQ/*Y

[D!7Y0!N3Q#IU](Y@&A

0)1 &G$*MV:
M0TJT3AVJK7+6\(7YB'+104$0F!EBG\[EV1=<.MG&3NE3?L/1H
J:\:R/W=*


&T4?\X5?'5D9
0Z16LU'#=RXS

M(C?3.?ZW/@5JR-&6&?#;=K@$]8147



MJ7



D+Z0$C\E,#,$M0:[G2KN.$
MQX69][!_AZB-QIEJBNH^E5?EA(2(E 6M7'4K3-;)3*MT!]\*[XS6)?^BV%:

TW#+8)@:.T&@W)SR
M0!CX[

M04NBGR;!
*?H.S-7%W.7+'5O#DBG&2KDH'O/[#;:NHK?.1%]/(-Z :BHN?NF

):]A*339YR.WI P^THB:4 2?C<U[^VCYR:2Z
MNOVBY9'P.R.VWRRAPPHDM+KM,JAS S(9]&CT3U_DT72E@LO%CMRX;)ZC*



$[\





Z+68PP1=L:@O,;=\L,=_ONKFZ388IA8;7^<W-
M/:S)<2=XGX[;,?SV3(198R;SXDRU#5%XJ_%Q YIN[HU/+;XYP8%/EDL-+OL
M%4H.



_@YN2$-D3JN
M'@/^OCLQS/ 56Y6458R#(D=\K)%N))O26
MPO/#NC

M:3/

M]H/KD!;;H5E

M#[?5/O*)U'
T-.^N6PV%0Y1\'JDO!N=\?W*WH$H+10P=M9!%O+\?OIFBC92&
MZT3Z()6_G%




M3-G2%S1F'CK(]VY'W
BY9TI%^^V@_J:0#@J
WQ(@-H:6-#96O:\;%QBROF\D


M4-6&3\VT)_R$1KM8M__5B$?AE]]M?-]$*5(P)/0+F

6%EHP






M)/
!?I-*[NC')#X[!#R%73^'GQ!;7@\)6FL74+V&IA-B]3#99G)*C[]0$?DO
MJT2JKF1*(+=J

M3$H!_C1.FAUO!T!P0:1:*M@.\]'
KCK+]#)5R4_?QOQ# 00;5'G33%!1@C2F


\:?:T)
MY3A7&0!/]T8




';)//0^RMP<%<M%9'KNB87H(W&-F%9D?P.6GW8(T
0AD]Q/


LCK)!*Z66_\/G?[C^X?J'

MN
O
N;GB:)VZMQG]N_5E5I_+ V[*RGLI2_8UE/?HP#HW\&Q0/V8O[
?PJ&OA
MMJWX\LI  



M?DK1#&R/RO9D+




AR!;6NG7



/*FH?D)24-62K7SF[8O^E+\A4VOPMZ!FF5!#P1Y
G\N
MZ_QIXHGX *;

M3WRW$6(O[AI\K:BKD

M]S62?:_7\:/]I4?.W/T


M


& 8[NNDU_;6KORLF4<'
!=VC#5.Q=S^*_RQMA!'R I


*$]6C *
/1@8%OUAW%YA^/J/KI=XZG1'FK*Z^H]W;

MJY3/LNVAPT4!S6]F^S^_4SRKEGW^E-.O&BMU#S[S6IRP^
(J3IQ
9H-X+7H
M'\H(#IG 







M2 

E7FNB..3;/GVQGD_[:=
3]&C?I7ZSXPKRO!XU
MA2O.*Y0@


(1*4-7OF-O6
M8HZ)?A9Z^W;]WN3;;.[A]?NUH*@_BQ^*[)-BJ. :L%!B$%F46DY@@Q);5R16





?])L:]Y:N0?48WLP'
MW;;T/PV[K3 ^
 MUN

P02.[[2YDXJ








MK^.\O C=][=80C9T71B2=HNS^.2;5/[!^RG)9L8$M


E


M@



MM.O?7'P2
0Z*H7







L6



LJ
MKG9Y3KDQ.J_/#5D75+7JM]'_E'(10&!M $












M=DR
-]BZK2-Z??[6?37L5ZZS0GG_E
MT^?7P KM2UL+L,39L$' F.(_/&?GI\CWL&)AG)D748S+Z^OLGD[(*(TFN:D


](5*]^MQFRHY/6)

/8;

MNGCM+

V'F:X






?-
]


_0



LA(0'XAL
G';@8MR/%T(E7+^YSH$0
M5JP)J.HVE!#DE'4VEY(JV4<_#0S@?!K:#=)K[7XX /H.9%=*9='NJ
5+J:5
M#AZ7WTE4;UJV(?OX$
*

_Q]37

M(#/KX%2/%FSZ:FON$-IS.F/DEAK/&&]W\X6O^XY+AQ#'SF6;]8@+T_?3S1G:
MMG%LT!XS)4JP;GXH'BGBM!9R0R/X^



#
M_W97]9/NJ([K0!T;)/VLJQS;_=/_XWG2_JAW

S_YQ[L

5M9)OOXZZKT(OS]E!
MT8I+







M!?C



M?=DN36?SEJ.E2I0#CR*(P8$U\2$N_M#V%(:


MZ3NI]+X
MHZD)'[EZ973^PV?2?PB!8$1PACO+FGYFP:R#N]&OPP\P6[Y0 DL)-KFT*.V
\.3Z0T%U6<(3FZ+BX!/P&,T.\?:Q1BP.

M22


XB!@&Y^*IT'99&!OV-U-C%F*-)3O4-
M/9


M!
!3R%M;GSY


NEB6_%A&Z






M8LV%TG_8+FC1Y@$%NC\LTI%JV;O(O!!]26I')X@3Z@R[!%6
LDIR'V;O;(3]


M\3J;[31*ZY2
W6[VX%VQ;[$G7C28

M9WGUGYY3@'JU)]B_I/_!53QOP9Q4WQH), YD@JFK3 KVI;,K.951=L[AND

M]IDG5.UP4F).9_X11P^'JX/D$O%2S&U.9L371;=A#4!E6'I52:1MO50V2+C[
;R0<3@KF2!@2(3R0 (@@!:&G$8_O@Z5



8VJ


MP)$1

MZ6 P_# 5
L!1J



-?&4J!S\BJ911=UEB169
MP9*)XVCR)\YW8X%K+,$)GUHI9F??)K2-=2.T)V&.YHOYU:N%3D^U2$U#TDC
M;W/?^U5($
D1*7]9DM#[F:N:P^P*='F7P%V8+RS

A(7)



T#!FM2)%92DO

MHC%M4 Z$[^.?.G;RQJYQ+'JT\D]V/_X)/S_KU2]KJI8=5%\Y77W'&(-)(=



H#0EPM8/=[MK4P
**-\2C
72C-57<.%']
[/1W_[TC
^B+?7*MN:%:
M8##.U8S38HE)EH^48C#.I(Y7BAZL^/9+'A'\JE; ^'MD4
OU=HALDK/\NK
M.\4KDTL$J\*4\



MW)\8892[V
F444S=\U6_[)?PRN'K#'&1/GQ(._V=W.^4P&&-^UX79\T%UK




M)0AKI]

MJ?7SYKL%_Y_GV/!+L_!K. 6#6-:)3IN)UH41_CR]I\JY!VIL%!OCRA%3;R6D



M-$%ION3)$AKQI/(3Q
D_\6A5N!6%A0X6PY0!R+[C+G5?.VAA#WF-9+_K6&?:
MJ)*:/83(4?WQ%HT,I,AN!*T&:P&

MGDNP=TDZ_?07Z=T7&!\]X)#/0 /6A[@ZJ!?_C)_B7LU;
)#\U! MNVPKT)A'




M 

!D2NO0Z

M3FX]X02;5-8%VX+5(+56ZH

MU*PBUG@IC$!3;H'0VC6PA3FNQDFK?V[ABL;.+&H;I*^;*]9IGK%UK=G3\K


-QK02P^0
MDKE&$#7UR\WASS52V#H%_M
AVPGY565%F@TB@=_KXDBHI!]@@SG6H84LV%[
M90\LGGC[*34(S]AUN8!^9&W8-C@D_YM(*GAK@4E)/][;F\8 )3C^$G!=#7$

H6Q*IK#$)V5
A0]

LB\)(4M&29(MLF89^Y(L(3LS@XA
9JCQ
M:A9G_

MC*[C+?F6:3J&#/

XT5H
M

MBJ5Z




K'0^?K5Y1J-XBX%/W4X#.2O[1)$U-!_;J'%14[I

I[] X\MA





6O69R(4NZ;D3L9'+6K
M3A-\:D1V2




FM-W:-9

7YW&.4RO=4N04KC79\Y\_W!5+G.T&^W
M!R%_LW]K7KY%^4P




_1_MXW(3
G164H]3+071PA0[L)
M-[^8^W'$+(_/A;56E/TA):.]LOX6\M_:1KYT2!3\#B')NA-B:VE9Z/Q*6YG
M 8)!37(EY-9WLW2I@L2@'\=- U[^YAG)_6/;7X]@?C6?T$\3#B;@NH@NR\PX
MTDGB[OK


U/A]*E
MOV415[






M7.T@VR?^#J


M1%5'^%/2HWT(==^1%]3KM=.RZ@L5E$-%L3DJ#ZO;YVA]]%=8;PB@7/T4[5%^
M &)B-$+U5AM^'L-*


W11[Z]CSV-AHP-;34^)/
M&G!R+XUF_

ICJ]
%6ATN= &&\ E\#/KTY.F3K8-B
M#X9!]^$U!Z .ZR &]W7J)02.DD[_@/2J4'I*TT=DSZG'_9G'JI@IJ)'GS&9D

MTT;D!-8]DU:/?-

]^L./-

M_L!T#IN;DNN6M.J3=K[@KC^]7I^QI/C(+'IY


F\&R.(3D/\&!P/R9L


MMM1[4W&Y/(@(%O\!4E
:!?-N80Y[29 )J)X\6MU0A\83YJUO2C!^_WRM843I
1#0@()99BFB?!D<
MIZI2!V=?G &JNW/QBJ_-EY1V'US;C4^O?3N75L6W!J/=]X^F.)%&DVIPP G

A'XDV]!$'Q-&
M




M[J7



MV


VDI=*@HY6M
MN'N?UGYXV8VKO[QSWH1OK+M
&


NU/ MW(=J3^92.7I85&9'0[=





MD;CE=M(&(DRM8BN&[O\_M$(F#_0F_^/RNCS#_,N@9!9%P97&5X]#2=NOK5
MML)CDQ@BP
[RPNB[GUUAM.4[QQP/ZVW]ZIKG(];3NO3BDE[7
SN)S0RYW

MR.@NN!!BE
$E2'K!&

?%O?[OI?6V)SF







M
5P 7KE6=ZPL]*&:DN1'W(9 ^VC[@N*WT:M9/U_8LNN3/0CFD:CS-/WO*$':






MP+J%(Y4%_0GT:CD==)Z_B]+NS6$\F^;.Q=LBJ&\N-O_[SLSFKRO?WUL+35
M;.





MTGYPSG8UP(XWJ'NNU2\O[I7!LVBC*FD+Q*RKF&;Y


UQ5G;JK]5&M=I)



MQH3X^




QQ

SB 4H+D-HAF3BJ):WRS:;OO
M

M?JW_Q2*TWR*S$UKB2?N

MJHE4^:XPH1TD

M!.22; A!/:/):)!G?


M.]+
K^F\?Q%)H-V@5%BMTM8N]2)BO@O'WWZ69LB8F4**AE(PO&YH?]=Y^C/X
M.;VP@.@;EE!$\?G[W3_Z38Q[Z67
O(6915.&
%:34$



H?/19B7L9IW7L



3D$7)$Y[/&^T*]:\EER(&*6)M;I]CG0QS6
MXVG



MT#SE/HFYFG[CEE@WAWUY\&-(YEB#'(5.R47.-3\RZG
@3@C&]AD$;7QL20
M;3X#N\UL_JH]?H






D:


MO022=KMV2G%
[=&M_GN4L'LB%B6VFRGD
AX'ME+VI_!PY
GO.KS!!%CLWS8W

M*RT#
N:MVJ;EHCR?:
Y9O'N4Q7KDPU?R6^

MY5^+J?.+DVD=6MMWJ62C%H(.





5@D

#56IN7PCBR4F

JQO






.^%I+R

F
B]0PZ C



2Z0
(^M?Q;RV_]YMHSHQAJ$BDW^D





M^^HJ13U)0FE6=?SHN4J*N\SZX@^@.P:],S @X+1W%/04\@NLB5=:^XK9HF
M=:QB&L.OV(_UC5MTRO'\-E&6_L M=?L(HO)R$J-KZ&9-_I7)2KFFAN;$-TW1

M%VI*Q9092O2AGY! (7JK7!JZL'2A8SB#QBC$M4QXBH/O3QJ@U4A']R7CKJ
M).YN[W-/U391.XLDD\(=0U%:)O)3/5 C&))M(A;/A$-U3/ KMY+OM/6.


#B-'XTI#P7'$I4F+M4.!2L/\J@J\YS?S9MI
N0$JCINX7'E<!&$E1W9)O4 Y)\FX'<
M$MJN%]N^WB?ZJ*3('HY'+)GEF1F@]H;9A.R$0#<C];# ^2^J=D_\/(70LC=
M$7L1.YTG]2Z]:
BJ^V-PK#^HJZ%=B4G
F?#W(W-)1B*Q/#!?V/S3SARH0'-3







M$'ETISOZ]O:L.AZVY0KN!3]%\]3A.!#Q7?]&


MH/]\-/14Y.+M!F0FA0S4D.4HSTGL3(A4OB*:$!3PQT9J(R)P/:GZ2CYT_H'*



MNV'WTD2L&

M&+6#O_])$'WTHD5 ZW@*P4V@IH\G'/[7-\Y.RPARBNE'GFAWS*P57G0+74IS


M02^MKYXY?#_1;VBWH0V7\


?ION1O.C\0DX
M<;0/C,W9?4-1[)5/X[([)&X



HV_JGFI! #U\CWZM_/J;RSF&GMTN8Y[[C2N(NZ



^NC QIW &JLI@DJ=^

KH
QD%M#!J =8PG600

MY;3_9#?;)BA'Z&E_T3
8_ 



%S#Y_O&E4=


M W])N8\6C G^Q8'EY:O-555!@)Q#'R[6H5V!5+T52PWYY7:


M[W
;@RVG\:J05@Q;PMC1FS?$07Q6&G=/0+(^8XG]R]72Z
Y3-'7J



]9].P[;

<1B]JJ$00K^N/'-$ZR[U937

MM#E!LR!:^-5#L+3_K#86D

H59W*I?OG

MAWJ_4]^@7(B[O/?F1BW)*G
EGWY%M%


M:6%P'/4(8(Z


K+8FU6S:]\YN





MVT@3UJ*DD^]FD1ZOJ%42

DRXF;)O79S/Q\F*#T.1WT=51'EYL^VF+73)%\@
M-^HWZ?P[#1=B3

MWX#4P8B9U.N_T





:,T?F;D
MP'5A$F44R Y;6E1O/RQ/'4STBXL#:6S\*[F#TR/!U=--\#''SNLQ*4ZP,P4S
M*\K@[8%4YSI!?6XV=__&.N]SX&NTYE]%YZ]*W2@)&1H\:?*V4.ON#M]9!4Y




M%6F:

B
6K[\%


MZASYZ/



MF*QG]5'&\)(*^07E
S8RQ$6?Z9)=4QU!SQP#/1H?^7#OKW1N9L-;[136N&

41R 

MR
!XV=#?(EMG3$TM1

MESQ-Z.\(2L6R'M8*M0)RW12

M&6 (

%_1?V*VQ
L.)Q7H1BAD+.Q_D6O*[N#H
M^19_6\)&T]:6Z!7:45V+]:\&%/:8H=SWB6'VPD2MG?1JA-W'KEVS 5P9X2
M\LN:

EQ3(^(1D:IX-%05\II47.<H:C]VBK43%G@ BH*QAX(!U0-0
MMSJK&TUO_



H
MDCN61ST[Y5?_%/&!&5SNS+BT$B^971 53[27T&%9G[J%HI/YO36S&]TSHRX

M2X
)J[+^
M B?\3DS-?<W*_EB(=P=D<)+T'J9/G6<

MOB751



!5XE0JJ28S96M^



M !21#V(" D]M4?B8A0Y#,DDJN[OY$PDAA'


5X-1Y'/

O2U(LWQ
JYDK[ZFG+YT?Q[S^5
ZCJ <I6Y'X;2

Q2K7+]2;!1_KW5V+NEAU]QH/]5KD2S(?X;78B-E2

6+6%J+
1#E



8@B44H&4*4)M*&B\92?&K


M]C]1H\OO]\%[K[^C'^5-(7BVO%D5A9(XBQA
@E $($@CY2A'J02(A
I1A@C%






%T[KCX:--\O
&;D]Y@ZM'WG)JE@
?5TM];JF/
M@M\MED6V*#/V=S)?B9DOD'+CJ0\2F88 ^B@%&
8!B!FG?ARQ0(9D]KAWI.=N
0*V\-
M<T!]S@+_4@0R7B



&<DCDI;9M;O
M<X_A73T/?+%W:TH'M[G9%&^51J_(HL_9QQ#$48X  K3!
 888#\)%(^9Q(P
M2B@4






80!&G
M@!091(X4

9T^BH+GSZ+_36MK

;




$QE3%&
16JUVC$7/35^

M%

M*.JMLN=M.1

D 0G2&$0\$FJ=CT4LK *D)F/9U+BX5O\7];44U7;B



MRHOG/XIL*5[GWQ8S* 7R$P(!#WRU;L0\! CYL?IG$H4LP0&B5@'RAR*F1O1K


VX
M&/IX;M!V[;

1VRIL9@M9*6N7P=4)J1T$

MR%SO]MUH







M.U8KB^7LL_93?Q
Z6FW& X$QI1@@0, DU@Q6[*/\2
\B!)(&9&B^.]YT[-

)Z7)VSO


&Q(UW%1(X=S==I[&
K5?7G_CL]MS]C&50Y]Q+@B

MQ/M:*SBH)W'*^J$;..])&;U]\W$KCS5O/G'ER


S?:J\GU(43V*+
ML6-*:1PIURW%!

78)D*GQLF[*6]:Z2;OK5+[ L(U

MGT]*2&667U0\4F]2$WFT8S[810BEH$0;6P]%/%4R0.@.(F'T&.N4R@#3N9

MKD

 ACD4 0L*@/L532X

MEZ;0$EZ+^K_O%FV?YZ9W[M9AXBQ($XJ#E.A \AA J-:#A
D(Q#&+!
$L2'EL
MF4IC+'QJO+5ITSS?*&F=2V..O1E=N4+4

J]V!<O+0:#.*77VO1RA1ORY;QEU]&<(ZT'NO692H+
M-/$+%9L9L_KQYGK\*TZ

O^Z2UM/+&D4]IC6U/ 3K0-GP
MW.MT$8ZZFJTU%ON%6BMHG41WP'/L<[#

O%J64W
M]:[+C

M@J49
5R&D&

M5LL


ML0!HT
6-@=AQ%SGF.!PL=BQNG5I[[P_YXJGJ.GJ^)7/(.0\0Q-E:



5VL%(#I9
[4*W?@N6
MOY


T^3Y?!X_AC88F
-4^?-GY(UCPB950..VWE/J-T7'GY_+[^





WYHW!?M(=^*8@C




-A.K(&3

MDD=S'H53Z30&=_:CHSI8;=V90P0\B0A3H#+E



MGZ?S+W7#SG9Q%. @8 $B57(V@(P(0%(_!2R281)*&:+ JK'!:5%3(^&-IEZK

S(QCFPCGFHUG^[I^]AM
$R]ZA0[EJFO+0*?D\;XFE+AFS[

M%2 2+ 20^KH
)@X 4CDB1A81Q8504^*6IJ]+;6M-IDDHVNED%2IX$UX[-A
MX')
6KM(M6HZ$$XC\:@L5GI8T;!776ZH/XI_-WV!$%?5[PV?7=75$=N[];
M+(ML46:L2MGZG

*F@OE+NIPP%VKA=?IV#SOFJ%O49CPX6K*8H\9U6V8EUP

IIO[
M]?*M4

! L#P:RZ





M #;2?G(_X.PVDL_BT;E_?/KN\;:-SUJPLUM\_NJ+HB)+Y9WK8/JV=P$
J7)J

N^)X9WGT-V#Z
M^\W[.\I5 F4#BXXLU3]65VV@::Y8@]


C\M2)[+A:MPK^1[[JBWXRD@8^1C #A


MB5N$'7^-ZJ;7:^W5TJ'1_\JK+?!:$S8%$ALKW )OL0'C=@!&VIEQ
1!V^S;]

%=


N?RC@,XS@$2:0KXT: NP+! 22%$4XQ5%




;)]GTW
;NK'


MOV@8WQS ^+H+1FNR
89F2
(Y+W14TC'&8)]XS&_L1SYJ.24*Y1?=DN]M.8]



)+U&X\T&62Y1M/(=:W@N/)Y[U,V/=60-N'59W(A-(P#@$/.2Z'1.4
M .




M7S.7ZD5'S+&O-60VQ
E@I
S6FS7P9;0V[&


MYIBRFH[J6EMOI=7U&GUKZG+1E



H3!FGVZ+.ZA$W;A%(^I?^Q1RXLFC

HHM2J29R1U:O.ZTM;.W3%#U\RE&1PSYW._TK?IUZ1C\2N5J[#]1FGO
MYT;M 4LL6

^VG&F&Z[P:.$)G!]D04Y2D. 9I&BA/+*(!H&, )/
MQSYD

M_TK]HB$!CZR6]WF1_;?@5]XB7P@O*\M54VHV-Y@6QJ-CQA878NZ8+S9P?ZGA


_\

M3.EG&XG4 F8VV7O!X'AV-Y%-UW&]X@&VC-TV#?]N$CQ^_LV708F+-_P87U
MY)H-EW*6($E82BB@DG

KR2:D2Z(TH*GZI81] &4A 
BL ^('TF*H!2QL(I4V7W\U-SK5CO+;R'
MF=GL[8^$XZG;*N8@M.VXS4-.VST)H\[9X];M3]@35_7\!NN&X#IOJA#W:O9G
M3Z+VN77=M0]B^5%JY[O:Q58_+_2'_[6H_WM-RV5!V'*F]%CM6P&&/GJH\T8




P

MARP]5Y
A
&.T@8%US&







WBUTK3==
M\ZV<Q9 C/PXH$F@2$@F&H8
=4^B+%:4(CJR0.6P6FYN*H=RZRW
6QA=QP

M0^S+'*=Q^'DL9G!K3T+V_+_6I7+BLUN\VO.,[W\T$Y;QM\M&@:L]K_I?O3

M[\O0JG22:X6GQG?;@4AL.V!)[^YJBY;/@
U)668RT\%G.FK$MO:NZW? C%*G
M-+*.^?CZT[N;J^

M&[T#/9\+_DMC@7*N7BP#X_SH&Q+K) ;SQ\O0V+*[.LC?LKS: ZELGT[.AO$P
M32F'X[S2/U1.A_$8#)WC82[XPOWE#V(Y\X4?)(2$%,_ I!+1!A.O


M@ )S@ *2 B@C&3 :IP):L5T/':9&BOK4IZC-L-PM[C
 9I3@&%;'S-%H[^D9
'C,U(\OZG.=*M<M+JJ^.M5H7N4U5TXJEVL#^);]:MR)@DG)(HA4 Y. E


?L$8
M\)RM]#9









]&^=!4X!K54


M1J77.Z5
S5W:UM#[6NMHN''4C6:WYS(81HZ=CMXC-G5R/R.-:Z?VO]I_ZU

8L32(
4AD*7578!T0J

)CF19%_TZU?F\*?A7C*YT]5[&HA

VOF?)ZC6QU=,PC

)-J!'B,%-1D3 C

M\C:&Z4I1ZR&\W@QA:YVW

7&=*0=CM''UFZ7P@G\



-@86WT3W8S'2



M=_K*GO.;W0N^FHN/\GJQS'@V7^G([^K8JJ+5]=*$;PNI#
P^.JYOV/\@TI
M%OKHJ#V5OQ7?EZ^447_.6!S#&'
(IB -
H D3$$: I]RF


IXV;:G+3R

-WS!!V5)!*=A?[_*G7]2]-0NHO^Q/_M//'66RGS6K
MG=SG+^SG1OPF2+DJJJWK=XO'U?)6/:99N$:!C$4<)R#$$00P#@(UJT,2(PX



M!OVZGQ0V[M?]G
,'#=@YE#)NP,Y)
M*P\=DY?V?=XO^E!5\4 U6V9ZG9-
RF2!'+UO26$A6JRAPB@$!' $*)8XI2%
&R*'TO!L4P!C7WE&011 +!R
M#8OO'@JB9_@$
\6XHXL!;^U:7%^1K#1;





M.MKY?D?1
W/O+L7$
3TVZGDZ5.]ZM;S/B^H88;!);0+#D([843FC^EI=ENZ[

9I@2&%/J R$I!- /
M



M/8ZT+




M$UUQ6JA!1D+@$\2! 4+DIA8'379)\:1:YU;R+H+!M[V\!N1H6NP'3


4
TIDP&$;=BKPY94R.K6E7O


W&^%3

M@[U3_*#*/C
 V]X7ZX':H








P6-8..AN./R.Y O-L:


 O8,]KO+%3/76N?\5L5:]1#_W9.[F9IS&1(U<)3
ML#0!,(Y20*4 A1S/TJ#A 54F.;Z[CQY:J2V5L[3VIFG]^[U<UC%X'@F+P,
M[;?*Y3UJZP59O+O/&RU_]Z@9VYF[QR_HN:1B]X*O='30F:3^JEGJ)AHEB7F<
M,DY!B

*7
9$(

[Z&9
M=/
JO:QM:75)C8+3P)OQF@
X1][LZF0T5[4(S@+EK@S!:=$O6('@+![=Q0?.

)LGX

P4A2:D( 4N16DHA/P($



F^KG!]R!!T)&8GEW7

MZ !


T^_B\^0(Y= &V?5REUY6V9


MUD9O%%T'W3O913/!9$@NZY0W*BV96+[/







GNJV@;/!$RE(JL4L(@S
M &

%3^PI[W&?JV_+DZ_MJ#I


M)R5

E;E4CNMOZ!LZO'GCE8^
MM=.L[3*JW1?V#A==%BNV7.ETI^L%;QK[;'S98YU]$\X(XS !$C
*8$IC0 *?


MP@F($Q]1CH2OG!\[JML7



M

(I
MX$0- /2)KF





M8

MXU'_VO=VN@6


?(IP301*C9



&M]]63X
M32WBU9


Y0WM2]'HYJG9#WT:9]Z&E@S


H00C'@;#R9+N$
M38U&UKKJU6!5[[A2UZ07GSW0A@?: \'GVM_KCYS].;
!)(

#R

P8(3R
@8_53








MOA#((4FZKRJC

MS-]\?\R*.F.11%C&/)0Z'U8 *'$*
(UT/406ADBB))3FF;&VTJ?&VYM-H+EN



M+)INK=U6Q;J&;


L6226VU.NE1V:I33VJJW+C]_^;UM%VS8 FV4X34\
M+Y[(H+D^;SX77[BQJF'
NMG2W@^UL5=M[Z5G[VMEKYLSHS$&9M!3;Y?ZCGMJ

MQ!$'OJ0D3$4A6]4H-E.[-2^UL[I%I/^]0\2]0-MC^=8.F8KEN=O9];K?^B




D5





8:XMCV0F

M-UL.831\7?V9$VTM?I7FD:IJ!K$7WG: D^9X+9,F@%VKLNF=:GPXF74#/ Q
M*:MF\I@+RJQ=*YI4PS__?U9%5O*,:3IMSG-CF$D. SP.


(TB 

MXD.R5;U-]%&Z_\V.BWJ
BQD]N47;
6





'YT
6P.:/742L:XQW@&-QH'(Q2
=A]B#





#L210T-_I<F<JU
MF87;TAWNFVU5[SK6Y]4CC!4KW?13UR#/RE+]W8(6C0?$X*OD F37NY+G:J.U

K4%AJ-DA[5



MOS67O%NH2:N6J#-&

M@(60XQA'C$-++]12@ZE]#M1
B1QFQ%6@F[JJ#J%T[L3VR8K31KQ07MPV?B^6



?)*7ZO -M^5KR]WO


MQJJ$!//%'#8 EI)? /FTM&6/8VJ'5U=C57/E%3#=-M LQ4Q'.%T(A25$Y/

Q[3(D=9




)1 87 J7YM
M
PFQ*F(8193&15)P_5J[O+87YAO;F_Q^
7^1RU75N/59/U]2\Z( 95TCF&[$
M!K]
 ]/NYFCL;8=SP^KV&R/]W5K[O _)NC=V/P_<4#'K^78\\[('WGC9'
M)]S[_^J9N$.?I^;QKI*!?ENOUDOYU^E\^K1^VO'T[[7-+ZE:F3;422I5&NOO
MO!3:-]=..&14F0
JDN:4H1S9!=I[SC^V[_Y6



*_3\PQ-G)O16S3=EQ;


W-N4&G$NP%&P)!M

AWL&D%0$:3<9C2.(<)4NQ9





)



MD[*.6YJDG*:%B@HHLU1 E



M_FVQ5')JPI;*3_.F@JJ
$ZRRE$*48/T'2U-(B8AAPA#*
L8Q=^CA$%*RL1G4









MC^(.6\6N?]R/2N
-
*6'C_QAJOWL*5OKY_3^CT7CP
0$IW&:))#%-(
HEA12
MJ?0302@I



'5C


O!G+_1[I_\F2].I\L/BB4[G




$


Q-F]U[^O.=


^#
M
W\/M4@A/PB]RSSH%V:H%3C\9 TVK^\WL-3N#W]L

%=$6*]5
0!B/($JY8@)3
MGD1.25).LX^-'KXN%UQ*40*SD.#3U[L;



_:C*IM*OWS
@RRA<9$@+E41N99S:1C
MX[!=F2LSA^X(ZT9E5IC;


O0
M



MZ=









2H8DB0O&%'(*(NF8


&UF#0S]#;K
[AE^V-I B8



M3S*!E2I2!?/4E&E$
8
LYPA217E


&PL[8
9%D\^#_:?ZAHX9J=A2?EJ36?:PGB*)R3E44Z)Z=ZK

MB0Q*(M(T0DC2U.G08SRJC8VB6KD!K077#-5(#OA6=#;*FTB-(?!)I)/ME[@
M:E']VF-;8!3KX;)[, J!1T3G 389[MI=A;]M'ZV/.X^6^;6^:@O3#=@\L0U2
M8 ,5V,$*&+ ;TF
:OV#[UR
0[OA-SC&H7?7/LBX)/3M(/7T-%U5IY5:FNW1
MPE26VW95MZRLYIQ$@N BP@A*E7.(!

M?





0G*
MBJK!+]

H[-M(/RCP










COR]KX_9OS\7
3]^V!YB5^3E0XJ7?XV#'KN-=Y)ZI


M6+ZOJSQ/*
H+09B$1&411)E
(45

MGH!J2B+646JS)N_=^0#X MR
9I+'(H(ISU*(T@1#G.889EK20J8J411YG+$'



I$Y=BFPF'1O=?9
K.ITY'AS9@&MY
MW!






MC]I*]T/GVNXFS]U[:7*3__)UV1P15
D-K:=#29$44L$TR9%VM2F'C# .22YE

RTWZ
!#UO3??H 

7ULR%\&).@^
M?
=TPVZ_7];[:-?=XI;KBV=^D\]U0-V=

:]FU18(
MHX0D93[-)1D4 B!86Q0D6M$AHX=3MSUFL1'*?CE

MT4_DAX6IY3Y17+$XRPM(

YI(Y!8%=FG!L1+@K+]@*
M? .
R.#W6FC'



MCES4JP;S.1\5+]-RL;Q]6
HJ
:S9C




MDR]ROI:?IW/Y:26?R@F6 F
-

6F$K(L6(JQIPPY&8H79AP;(2S


MFF5LS%()695$K:.'O.GD-*9V''(U4CT3AP]([L5END (6E/FY$3#EI+ITO6H

MTK'Q0R-AV[ZR[@&^J.HLMQ6LO&N&62V'8.$AK9G0CG?J: ^[
%HF&:%9R!

M66K#Z)LQC^)))&


WY_83(J_+Y;_4 O]]/XHI5K/
M/D^5G
B4%EQ& BHFS YT1B 6*(689G%4L)Q):I46XSSSV*AN(ROXHQ7V!JPK

M6D-0JPA^
TY5\6Q?[Y0)DBOOEM_E\F7*



;8DTZ%QL\ V
V)U\/2




1M
?*
D=@
M]%I'9CO;VU:-.=+Z8HV8XSL\TZ6WI9EK#_]NO2I7^NN@OZ:3(B=Q;$[1DY@6

_T
ML5O9_0:TL9X[L@9

M8^.82DXPK=^9%?UY4\6#+Q104J\!G0$FYU)-;;N$^JZ*(P&%Q[IG4OJHE.15




]M/&YDR0K

MB90V5#
%J8PR&



\C
M38-:+YO!A[4U#G4ZL@R.+O IG)M$




M0JR:63K//#IRV#FTY[N'^VT='




DLAPK1*(TR2$AVLJ@N!1Z7!;
M-(\'1_GXD_^;+0:#/1DR#K)\\_X6%@Z3^-;Z 'M)L] TTV]H;UGI=4?- 


MUQ-^7N3D[G<!/)'!4)IKF44^U_
95JXSIAD)&L


M(F@%I)







.
U91!*5%4Z$Y#C_V)AI_Y/^W
K:6D9*
M_[4*=VF*RK:_ 'Q1NI:4=5TI=_LI

''QN7M0(+:%#\L
Q;-W

MP R4UV'UH+@E;)Q5NS
KX_BNX5(OSDJ\EU]Q_JIKBM]5=;.KR
2V@07+\B2)
M\ASR3&%CED60D
Q4KXLES45*2.RT275FGK%15N/4;.2\LCG(
:YV1E0 M'KF



M
ND%UI[IY?;N_2=PNUHMIVR]HL;O6BW 5[KL)X'?&:&0S&


DY
^8\HPRJ/HR*SZD1T-/+8^*:6

UW.J5TI]NT=\-P'M
I




M9/W?3_.O2_E





MJ C*A&&(4OT'R[:2)E+-


_4M!$?;.5OHN[;1.-&!?![I40_Y4VN03$DJ7G)
2C?78/4




)?E;:HP%%'PMQN4M%T%D';F71!V+'_2YZF<4S





BL(K<S7V+CG__Q_







MV
7XL9YY;

M3!C= _JP0RU34-^W=Z&']9F'6H
C7WNPB3UB


M(


:*_@1F14W1D1V-'(]A

(
M


I2JP2)$V./C4
J\4 MGU




\FD.&BPAJ[Y%F::$B@9WBGTY/
S8N/UU3TZ/DT!E4[;R\




W?ZB2
MG+^L34G$._5-SN4?='97EV289 6C#+
$9D@(:!I901Q)6.)\Q0G*@TLS8Y











@S2'(E8)I)E.9F

;\UF@;










M#;5\;CE^ ;'N3/X+


MN%J&



+ZR



88X4R].$
B7)%?WN





FS-)916D3



X=3E^\SX]@C*=E F4V

M _3L6
@3'!)XT-.N'A]#Z4K=LH_
M<RYSFB::*Q&**428HX93!.D&(XSHLDD6


MP8I!U]EJOTE]YU]7VD#Z78N/NN%GMW3GTV0XSLYEVJZ[3](\60BB@LJ*FB
M&LD
4IRDQM+!4EL[-$)NK3\\A!@;C34Z_*=C_08?^.T8JV]0^]X%;?)A&_EO

MTSJ)O:S;YTP;60$WPCHD8=KCWDU\_:'YEB?
FW^KL'W?&[8.::R]8#Q0LFHP
MK-VR49TAZ\PYM1]MN

MXMHEQQ+F
HZ%1$@FR


('%G&/CA8_E:OIDPD/!NI(1S+20CN'8



M=(TP8R.K33G-PQJ:GM4NKEHH.TH;OZ^]^?\D7?FN!0A22_J^09E!5#('=(
MET'&O
)]^[R@\_(K?34%]DQ\ENE=



M[9 

N[/AB]'1CH?W0)X[(56WY\]UBZ62
M+Z?/)L#J\W0N/ZWD4SF1BG 1)05
)3*G2UCSFJ($HKQ(
$Z42NQB&2WG&QN5

M\?&






@EA7\
MWORWEZ 0.WCZ..4X,^.;'')T:W_NC./77ZT\FG^HJV2Q=+40)Z6CU)4^Q9?
MY.I.:1:3RQ=93CBF+




MW
DMY^NG=;7]\$$^+R6?5G+I.V^?%LO5]%]U@RJ8J2BC)JD7PE1EF@K0@&
MDTPQ0;*8IV:/P-X+Z%_DL7D4VV85SYMF%7+;K
*YCO0 BVY'AN-:RIY)]:#E
MR

X@P1GG*(US
4D
M'%\1HC),FT+]VI8FR3&/$H)36$29,/V1*,1YPF&B@*G68HSYG1<U#W=V%[6



)4KL$7AQNQ4KD-:ZF^^8&=@+=3






P<EM[F8_NRZ)N8,-
MJ, !*XU.L\=M=CJV -V %B+08 0JD(!!1B80(53P**:HUKWH-4[QZ'9L&5
MQZ'SF5V?D4GG:1KP1RG6,WFG3LM:55MLQ#+ST<8X63_5O[NG;9W CBPS$2&
M] -

M1(==3



X

M\#\=SHN.0;




M?VB9/LTW$;&WQB^O*IILW589E%$8

MA+%]O(SX0











E_^U_

M!
;O8.LU7.*NG3A^G^??](AT5I]B3T3
A8H$A1(G%*)4Z6\F8?KIBH@DF(@H

X@T$;8Q.GR7CNY (27Q[XP_*

M4B$BS$F1QH63[WINIK&]U%M!024I



!CD7&(L$Y%(4D

&?/K@:2LR6*E
,BN2X0<()S8/-<8YA!CHG?
MJ8F+U*DQ_5;IJD;7N?A-WWQUOT%P]$]#0SNTKQHU1XQL!XHA8U_=1$\<NRK

I#$


=^;)LNF=@V-M_=A

E%SQ4EGO%'I



)A3)T*FQN



MKDF_6;5-+C
KD13WN3TIN%; ]??K1MDQA*5*Q29B$
MN?$G4 88U!E(LCC6D&8I(5ZAT=WBIL8:6_TBX[=%JEP73U4





M



I+81\GG*!;-!JC9<E1-M$V<TR).8Z)XHJA793
'F5
C



MV
7FT?.&SPMA'F%N\4_HNFF(W::LT89MX
G


2

MM-HJZUUB^#*R;GY6*+P&)I M5#L][R*FS2A%]_/Y\L]J\6+CFE\;![A81[8$
MZP!!N2YH!2[


F



F& Y2D7N
MU&BK6\S4J*A2JE]YMR/\7


SZQ]_57+Y;KNP/9SGD
M1
69 BPCPN9L:4 RA@&F




_.C0@^L.:

?W,
MRMWU]@=?BJH88?NS</SFA&U(/NL6.I_.=E^S%=N-_6L%L:^UZ$HK]EJ]:.I
ME/S%QD#



M7FYC=\SO]\67%47N3EL(9BG/
0$QYF:%EDH*422(KM.3N#9LWFX@0-H-O4

MQZDVK5KO[1D7-=;9:




O %S@!)87B@-D.-Z1?!+
M)+NZ87$AZ]7QYIZEL#:\+&3!5C_J:.2JAD@5+D(2F9HW# .L;8(EMCE
H_!!R;^VT#4$@M8-

#$(I 2


KI U+0K$XG


(
L!BG9@E(L%D:FSW$666
MD%C'-/5MS= E;VINW&%2XQ?S_%[;0]=0=F.?@-@-S#O^L-V6#WH9C
%20\^(




MY55Q9U3MI\9T[4FY:$_*USO#HD=6++9MU=?LNQ_[C?M6N''I9
=Z8&:N[(X.

D=L1
'(=


M;2[X=;E8M?^TFQ6EO;]2_(L27Q?%OS9-&. 
QBE%F10@C6VEADP20&*2 LR0

M-;%

I$!H'J4VA
MGMDS!E;9JK!__]BVO:PD-8'A.4MQ;IN+$)[:.M[
S&

<




=#]E3XY\J-GE;4W-N


M&WK[_5DM2G7/RZHMZTQF*2
9 AF)M5EHX!5VD.XBSE(M
D4WGJ0QY7)4Z-













#!#;]M4 U;$-4V1+41=TV3@+NH
M-:1) M^:$EE; J:WP9FT#3QGJJ

0

IA9;9M-;8JI5V;S_9A












M1FU@1@P07['7P'S/X+M=C(6U.7 LQ:##$CQZ8AAMQX^7&!3ULQ$2PTKLV92C

@7 N^7,M +N\[, ;\GCI= T,O2@SR
M?D_H
2

)HS%+(-
M9=3


'W^MF$'5GNADEB%(
5 PH0!Q2 $7

T(
MN64

S;.YSYXDV _5W&^;9YB9:UW8:S=\7@CS4ZUL4T _

S
#
N7DQCA?4VF/






^9] H(
M(:?.2Z)&G2NOV'L\.5Z[O-]L:)Y4!U*]9JO5#^/]VS2D7\V+T%3Z(YHIC'
$


$T!EF:(:33&./4J?;Z)0'3^Y;K]E]6P;O(0!M]
MJVIE_C_Q?\1QG.R:

*(T$

MU/*[].312OI=
6V_LM^U2_L6
=)JM5+RDTW
J;8P9@0BC9MPP=5!A1
6!4

NG1E\SE;MFAW?@Z3:)]\1H



[\S


M-/;S#!CL/S*.&XICX#WTSN

MT
W
WLJ
N^MY*V8GVZ
W/W#D[GL/;4

MI)FMG1@#E#(%&%0)X&91IV

M

L
M\RN3=D:*SZLX3B&T#ZHL_S


M[5ILJ']3SC#5
!9QIAR+@R@@$29\BX

O





MYGX
]$G-[8KUHRU']L6L'DLF=H5-6(PSS0525YP8V_0V((C(?#LEQJRIC7

DLW2)&Y5/'.P^

M




*_#DC9&JNT4['J%(R
M^J-2T]

M%7E38X)6W?9


M4BG4&9)8.Q5+[I Q-2KY++XJN:D#80^3::*=YF4_5^


M5[7Z\I4MFA(1/]L8H?+]XF.5C?R[*AZ_KI6\_Z96[%%5OWS#UFI[6#_+8R1Y





M2YU3#'*)$Y9(!)Q@#



M@GMH






?]



\;KO!$+C

-2



ME4P3@#6% %$;D9D2!$229BE)1&S(RR]?\**LJ?%3I91O.N!E)-WH)Q ^ _--


M-F#&!
Q0FFF0:F&W4W$
.



HE@C 577J'5
MYX1
C1UV.C;]^'I5=3P+IQL)W K2P S@C8]_$]
. ()V
3TG9]PVIAV6GO0Q

P1)
IHC!@1&


@VGXA&MZ@=09CN#]MO+ +;PL/ BS\[^XQ%7Q2I3)W

M:MJ]
B#1'X


K]53.<M(GG*2)8 SR@R_<QH3AB 


MHAZ+A6T7%7$VM[EN?D3B/QH
YS%4*@993LW*'&8


+@Q_:# #CP';'5O ICN=K5^:OWOHGT+; &2VH9P$T1O
M^$).'?Y*C#JI]

=4PEP2GL[5-HG)S&4Y%


:TP%!9R#.N?O&
M[OIT/H@R*;KNIZM2FQ:@WK03;;V<E'.M$XX2U(-J(Q38-@L!D1(8GB?R@01


MJ2:D7

MSC$'(F-4Y32.M?2*#0B%]3CN^5ET[Z*B3JF358SA
RLN=U#Q!]QM@P%X\3




1

4Y


M9(HSA))4^X0=71/HQ2*C!2'-=UI7.TBA@I*NPN]&+2%!'9A?/APA^;8;M1YE

M-4 )3@#C6((LAI @E+


4]3WN


M(1QE]00O)(GYJC JK?7$YYCH^C[FQD.W-T4IYDO;!W%7@ PQR%6F$I 08;PJ
M2A'@/#&TEW&=)9I1+U685WID9JNU







)&4B3841IE%F


MOK?


W5@B''(#

M**O\G
27RB?OL+XCD[SKKIZ=



\

6\PK7''LM1)@R[2_\2H^
V
MFXR.^=#3S_Z'LS




M*L=

M-_?][
!GR+:?Y\2^:-?/#ARN-?WLNO7V9E/;W



M)[:&7=3O'C_R8O[$KM-%_.DE_;Y)\Y!GM5K_^&@&;'V_D&_;AE^V&! Q4ZKB
M$@


$*0


7
T\8+
MUV[HVW[AFUIL5)W$OZCV8GXOUE]?;\KU\DFM/B[GA?BQ:RK&
-4(J03HU.:

!V:9%LZF

W




MO/N6?OSQ.UO9^)?2+

8

2%JY*G-4;G%%X)A@G._K&1&W[9S[H&U4K5J4

M#'I%R]VFS]0XJE(55+I&^^9XAM/=.$AN[#4B] .36XTZKU!O](SN[6?T6)?/

D0%H)

BT2D
1
@D8P#E(D
T$03

A0
L2E0D(

MGUJU_V:QWE5&;U0?)*?&'[&0I.4A?53^\D?EF
IZ/
&/U?B/A:RCD7]AJ\=B
M
2



MPBS3%!
@02%.@L<-#_'!XB10Q.OFO@NV;V8:6:Y^
M[






M!M:-W



MF[$=IG=NRIZ[;[S-V0ZM#S9INZ[K6PSVB2WD&U7UCMB^:AIS!%
&M&W/@YC
M@&+;;9(D-&
ISK'(1@\G**=RQCXTN6CIF3.2R]?V^_+KBLY-WY@9$S;K/LU!
MG-N0#X$5H 0+ YQA L685$KZY%\</-WK6Q^[2WT3?^;WD1^Y_9U]X9DX
^Z


;0)61J$W7;**U6-+*:1F^M-VIT
M=:\1=A'2[F\Y%% #?]*]
/*JG8-A!L*@EU\]&BUP*X9MU\&[.JU/78/*]ZX
M%__:%'43-_OO)SY7\O?EZI]Z:5Z2&90)5%3$@,:I[9B;T 3' .=H4SE&3/N


MI+W*&S'UV\-T1ZAS2]/A


VHKX7 *


H

M@=G@$)U&OY - RY;'[8MP!DY(Q?_OVSI:8G_CFMOS9(ZZ11M5C1[#66/
FA0
H57]13CZF1QGZ6C6S[I:_9]PL5<OHF
M/OF-E1OAC#  W/2/OAGFM57X!]TI1XEJZD7FL.D
OFI\D+Y2[WPNIRTU.]Q

M-





^YX-Q03YKI(/W+P^GLQ5:C918\=S5#



M2.3UG)7E@VZ:03ZL*CK[=6/#YA[T;@G_FLWG2K[ZT3:-;XL9SI.)20 4BI
M+3D
!:!$0J SP:76.L?(JS_#C?I

M96\=






E
M!Q44W.X8-;S*


%/'*=QI4VZDQ^@=5







AA $B. 6$Y!F DF&HM4Q9ZE?QPTO\U(BL
M*=CSU:@/S


M7ZQ7Q:(L1'7J/M

M7ZI#M29R


 _AN[! 6


F$WPJ_(''E?W V!TVUR

G]A:?50KJ\5
BCR72&H0QS;\V+B+@-(D



P^EPWO)NUP=<6ILMA,8G%H'?F1V'6TW_@J*X<4U0G? 
$$
MSMB$9*7K@XY*1
X8''./^XVA#P*VNQ8T
T8311BF$B&(-




M-5)
:Q(GS)!K0@S7QC$D
N(PCTC




_.N


CWCT^KXEM5

HLMC38UMJ*^9ZLGM9/


]-;
UP.LR*%7O6+!Y
C^:

Q#F^=R&V1WDIN:^=M


C6[J9$/;'
F//L8G$72C89NQF=P

_


)(

G'PVV*KFA468Y!'6&$;:?/9(

MTT@V4 ^\_



ID+IVKN?0:?&IMUY[^H


MFP_U [[!Y'G,T=L1=1/V\..1#V?,4 ;_6/#T]50'$[LIR1%.E(
@XERZJ@

+

]P;0\LL0XUVNW6HM(54:A!&LKM


&W'&^[C_&S' 



MS]@QUM2LUX





M0UP_*G'$VXU7PJ
X





M$4TB'Z;R&GUJ?-4*#U@M_=8YJZNI%3OQ__W?2!(G?^-6B_Y1''Y3Y49Y@TW
MP

M02+VX2K7@:?&5-N*C6RYW# #Z-*

M;$M7Z1A)1A!
1!9!E!FCBL9(0T95) EE7&#W7+^.@:9&1UM1]Q*3%T9JCZ2Q





M^T

S:


M4XA %HL%6Y7@2:WJXVS?F@1COQB!#.(7G.X)V

FY_;8
M287&B ;S0/



&@O
M/K
?376G5VJI]'R]W9P5693H+
V-9YRB#)CEE/$K&TN$[--YMAKWWO7E)










M

M\('SAI1?^


*Q0SF


M8=35^[QVQ\OPA:MZ!O4N6%D^M/V.'U95#Z=M+4


YBK6MD .AH@E


M2!3E(O$

G^


MT5F5].+-XY4DO2;_03W2JQ?WX
/?_O[J]4K)^;JI;VJ6KZ9F;L13+%BN88JE

M]:G7?!DI#SH



MMV
_/

)HEQ[
K#[++KQ[2!S




MDV2[(XT;M^9WF/8\QNB%U$N=9=3H!3C1V





22E
M]1%C5(*[ :=CNKOE4?W([UVQ4O



9



M[&(PB88%GKT)AFE#X'S:]
ZLEO7Q:TQSA!7B
%6I\7)HQB$CE$/

M



TR15,V,FSPO;FGU=C-;Y+)YQL]EFS S[3-Z1#V
M![43%[!U54J!JR_SY=*ZD(6N?E'+YI\UTW\R,V%\$)BR BVG05LB&PB<IC'

MQ[]SR4SKE3IU
JNU$NL'
MW=;%_
7Q;*<J2BA
MA.@
1MS6P50TA223U!;#5%AA353J%1GQ\BI-C6UK1.S&P+9*L9%4@?KG$A3+
[<1PCL
M( JW%$UGND,N<A/0:M3E<P+Z7EB8)R19OR7?YHB_KI[ZQ6:0MWTMC0.EEI+9
MC=PX)C'.LA3&64PA2K2$E.D$2D%SIK)813Q69&OCCBU!7/7&U9N9?1;':^#

34@BOC[HJ#SIC
$QC;G?V(]E?E7?

+

M;6+[C&ND89Q$@E%#0Y%;C[L@TDR.G=1WL)

MHQ)L$.R.R3?



HA0JB!79D:S/%$9BB@CD5
N9H^QIT:ZE?C6
MDMDI /ZH175DTCX3T
V; \
Z
$OV0M29^V[ IH/IS%/W6

M0T%I9?;



M7B420H$]QGKQ;@1\W=:+4*@-O#2T@#4=VK:2#N@NB 2M1_UWCCUN!WT/RD
MZ+[+/7YD+=5\]L%
T^+CUV*IZN-7PQ:
9[86*TV3#*)


M5I#UW





MJB




MZQ(WJMM@FUIY6\2@T1Q4J@]N& XR42-8E&'EGH(I.LA
.-JPPXS=LSAS4:[+

L8D


MKIN07!IW@S.



M?%A^4C8UUHQJK.EY^?NRX*5:?;/[.]78YI\-*.:NR@;?&4 9%PR+E
*
V0 $
O+K1Z4O/

1$3-




HPZY)]A='F1K7








88R*-WT@T9%'$H5$*:28UI&3
M.7&;&%.S%*P534=&QY8/#X:=BBK1.C-TLP(4%4=$C W5RS7\V\*/)F[C7.R

MT&WU?I*
N]5^$UHGV^^W/:T?FWZJ-X(^LM7ZV1;K*)FPC-VT.TM8'BMD)B?/


M 3MOSG+)0U=0\X*@
YZ7Y








J

DB1-D5/L
MML^@4S-A6A'!DY41//F&5KABW4TR0R$X

HDQ-9)OM+@#C1Y5=;1#35H+R7=7KM\T.6[-#0[^T/MS'KB/4^+S-DB#;MGU
MDV3<?;N;T#K9O+OM:?UX],-\J1[T:V-HS]?OF*AZ#?_?MAN\:^*U:KX;B1Z






.JW?E:W



MMI7;W[UVM8FW*\]BB7+%4T8S*JCW206D$:)A%23%

5+^IK3FM
65PUWS9 UJJ?W698\I<%LRAP%VX-6LQ;25^B*X
M X2=^@

MVHQN&?C)4N^










U[!;:/NC]]]!Z0OEFVA[T@Z[BW8&EJ&W
MT?:'?/%]M#/ZNVRDG;NM'\W\JM:O6?GUXZKX-I=*OGK^O;2G^N^K5KS^'NQ



M#^ZOP^S-3_Z(A:0JC]%'92U_5(X)K

MB_(DQSS/(*6Q;;J(*61Y1&'&=XHYBQ/QBGFX+MU
RUD[SW3\IVM:LJXAEW

M5A4$G^F91


L00O
=H\X;DE9)^U/BLBZW=5S

5(P2C#!



AJC.^9O\P\G?777TB4GNNN^*KDQA:I
MN;K74%[:;/C
%KO5G<B[KL_2<EU/Q;]?6GJ8Y2R7/C




M\FN.VS':U+CW0['\ NNRMCNQ_].W$VX7O%&:RQA530!3;(N8199)1$*BEB6
M4*:-E3_[IE:\&!W@_5%'@#@HK(Y1'*&@&CJ(8R=GU3HD720&#@G3
_J\43[1BVJTG^/EUXF7^#M#[42\])ZXD='



MT7C](IC=C!\






<'6GD<X@N;4\/(#JOGEIO0_\8_'(6Q[E@3&B8$
H@(C2&/&44DHC$

M2
7Y.)OO+_U63:S

]QJ##DW([7$_06(?OZLDOUH.MTAG=
V=Y]^7MBSG:V;(
MQOSM];9GP3NE/BK#6
NU$6B6*
'S!


MC#)@ITU(W_M&0

M;'D@/1!FW?SB6_K9$W\WBAP.U8%Y\4#P.[ 3O3KOV D/=M*'['+1![6PW2^\

P(IAA

M4;GGJL['-'/]AGZ

MMLE+)([S.


MC]@[[
M\![!SV\47^]V.E\7WY099OU!-=N9=O!?V(_YX^9Q%B=:R2A&
$L%@8BD&21$


U[;XW'C17#[ZW@0

M$]AF@=((4BT%U$P(A1*2H\@I/GQ


M).-)
YY!
SK!_;0^*/W/')I,U?:;&$A4Y:2'*I8XAH;CX9FDN829TA'G.=

7M YZ!G(T
MQ+@G'^?U.SGON'#9S04#7Q_574NITB)E&LH


MC-((& Y.-\8




!3(V6K+Z@4!HUV%4N\7SYMUF45QK75!NS4




P\3Z(821B-_AS51X+.7NA*YX&DZNFE5MD%ZH
Q0E1K



M!U@52_.CJ/
OSW\J
554JHA 0N/
=D&+($=I K6(


9^49Y[3Y\:)S1!C;6$H!+1-\9S'[ON[_YF



52XPS*G+JM=7B


CG_^
MU_]I?V/^9X^4_^O__']02P


C Q
C





[@XK7O



MI(0;:;*XZ=+




[FZ^7YFT5=M _EIPJ(KAW1 ;%0;J
MBCCA
R!!BIKAS










B*GI-I/:
V$ 585KD&)CUE/O!4+&3A'[H:#BU.91X1T;)AYB7K\[2


M





UGS'+8+#6;U)QC@-

M!9Q;U(R+GT/4NQ

B R



M%$8@'CCR)57$X!


05)&0M.$IF$)-YD

X]:FVAR3D\(B_
O5-RD]




ME3UU?7XEFJQ

MQM?MN


T;@:Z#@3NQ]DA^F@

_^O&1!+V)

3H
2@05AJ7- JN

?(6PB4?3!FN=.@JG321

J4D2DLN
M%U! -&@23$S==2+M%;6&[[BE=3B2'B)JG*E!E=$TF!;V1M0/6(;%8#6RI].2

I1[
-DC3-JJ#*N




MW#+J
(5UE7,/NTBJ9GCEHVZV E-&T=C,1,);((4O2W
TR7PD7J%_R94/

-#$
MI3(EU?! 7)F)A\$+Z!P=Y7Y'YY@!LDWWT]3

MVEI!)
^X@WO(A.$7SXP @K9IP.K=Y]CKZL'K8'TT0R/E\\MV-ITZ8@!\@:

E%+@5CE
.;UH!
%GVBN=?WD*72.FS:H9=8J


M/5]GY

M2;*(2DTC.%_E3/XY&BC?S(Z@P(^6W6-3%_I^AF4W#6D2.3
N&A1!+/W'LL3H



ME99\)I?:LE#:NHG2L%9P%9W@KDX#LP=H&CLI]GP .T@;+0)KN^N#%S%P4(2'
MF(B$!
1)H1BE: 4U9428_=0\^X5Y:?'U![:*%%

T
#E R_19@-%@Y,3T<8$(A%DQ=<4]SYY)50RM9IJGP//8<7



P


F;
M_CY?A!4LNVGI'^:G9]WT]
4\3F?33G_XT]FR.'RO_6JZNNR$])N?SHMU1G'/



GL# /YB4(W04E/B7:E1$ D





M&EEE6



GK;/&
M=4\I


2.;H)ZVGN*IN]E/Q

AJ




M;CH(2F0VW9U
CJH.
K'L=-15$HT/T#0NB Y5]YW;BL/(OAD8_?M.5J273%/%

MAE5( Q#[\/EH:U@SZ

<6-QO6;F;D5G$Y81\D9B
M)S$+A^Z=9RG?VL'NIB(??\S(VU(=6 PLW08

M3!

MBE33


BYN!M#N_?V']Q!U UBY9U[P
MQ0Z


MZ\X
AXQ!A=F D;D].WK+A?
NZ2@%T=)Y=/AD1H=/2Y24R]HAAY'Y&M9E-SGC
MW@L?WJP






.8B43QQJX%R%:M<<!PD



&0NR[YI[R%!
*BAA7ZH3+?*Y \3MPT0DE/3K%=0[G

V

UBN*E4#'D)V:QGJD4SOL.IM

M=_?^:0]N+9T]//:JJZ

M:3E9RD*#1EQ520P]F=+1QZ _FW&LJ\0&4/K@(MRXX:?=*?S%@DP35=BSKI
MW.^R/J
G#HHDC;P[)[2ASQE8/4#J^$
KQ][%A])CNTCM_)3=#*;HF2@].M&E

9V(3=80;GX+@GN5:;2[VH+8?9O_
!UH#:K/1['_'X6=_
M7KSQ1?ZT6


M:
 8/N\82
5Y$#XR C1%#.^$(];*TN@Z(@ -XTI7Z?3;X%C1%WT
UCYZ&EA:





MRU@$7$TQAWXVY=%'-9*]V5.1?9K?[R?5!FS)V^UC+RSBE@D=




M_?2^^=405%OE#[;.?XK\FVB=?Z-A3^FV
X_3&=Q@ZMOBJ?+




M!C!Z*:N/Y4+CNY^EBQI



M64G-(7
X#39@
.^V!;H4V[91^54]6#3@553$


M3Z4//LTD&
/4M;: /EGWIWW
MT4^K3N'R#.F8^C=;:;5)I%=8F4F#2\G264S<#X9PH01DEE)C:E27]:'N-8F
MP#\?[ [1TMB7F6\S-)W?/
.\X.M\8HT1(:.#:W-B1(+ [T1F:


MMO 6.0/P6=1I(O44(EN;I_Y
UFT@K36 R/[9JXDL
;W1@3C!




M%/8SV[%*FFLW:7AYKV&'(+W
@H












9$L




MNY^PC%


M9\5MP6^^^_DQ?

MSW$Q7T_G9YV[7I+EMN&2D+G#!1[DU*14DP
6 XH:.
WECIJO@WX[
^[FV?






G
M6$]XBB+Z$$B6IN13DB..D%$9CXH-)BNSOW'6W2,@YH!-'IGP,O^XFT'64B

MF)1Y12B1JUZ/\W29J^WVWTLY&1G!!1;1L%J+^


MT_49*O1B?;T^6W]:K/\/=&[H)$6

4%UOT/LJ0*/@JM6E]

WSJK<!/'^9'G]?'^7?

M);&)MH(JR)$XZ0*1+G/B@@XD.F^4#194J#.5]QJ1V[O^P(?CZU-H#A5^D_


M=DMW9Z3OT

!R



^DN#+
:FA03OEL]0[]JS5!3I6$/]ZO/CQ
MZ_83-P#9_G ;'U=/'1$


M&:4FN








M.!?0(T5^2)#%WQ5

MYV7XY





I[P5;]Q)A^ZPZ;0#$
@EGC<
IHHF_+NWVP=?


]]-5]+--0AL#9!Y',^!285V


2O8371PE/-


M]BSZ:P&H?KKLYNK\#?SJ;-DUHKDG7'$:PQ5PA&?GB/32E


MZ7#0F\)QJXIJ ;&*?AH WAN_^HY+J?Q3[I+]\+-R;':'*8!$763H7:B2\BMN

A.KJ=)2^B



MYIOO?GE\U^?T2GL

MO5!%=DAHQHHAVQI@BJ=#OJ3V ]M+RU%7TE%#8#O_R ^1F\1TD6MHJD_CY=


M@)N\7G$)SEH3


M;?V@]](R_4









M42R
.:(E3QS=/8QAU6
NT
./: D)^ZAN

ME*NH2DEU(
\/@S$-PP$:NZWS/<0WLM;_-IU/
M3\Y.MH2'[)UF)A-@Y:#6R#.*D:R




M1NN]W4@36.(QH11BK#/3O (S(^?3]L=6KY+J9U3TV&'QI\7\O\[\;)JGVTG9


M89



RL4R6

B5-JJ

MZ[/ARR64OP&4WZ^^P/0DG.$CNUS#EE$P$K*WB0@H;5B# F)#
L0)*]!.*FEM







Z+;






M

ITE$?H&OF2=25H#:F
%K!UUZZ_AGG\
M?N*7_^B





ZSH6\#065A-
MT]0OSXLO=92[I@
;
= &+J/HGYV
MI]H,^$I!]S *: %)5^1OSA#OWMI 5UP**A1AH72<HMP2M*B:,8XRLF =E6:
M/CQ.VL@]2(;!P([@:$%- Q#Y^/+LZ.R_$PIP(%83#$



2\]#SI+#4Y1JY



=4)B^[

MW!P@\QZ0

M7X@Y1
'W



64A
D/D;
V&W=7@H*\X'UT@&V_D61
M\


FKQ7M[0EO2R;6\83^F'



'V@HC-\A%?.=0M@Z'$#Y4!MV9P6(L6;21AO88*6;
M]]X]7EG6$=I[# 

(


HW_[^+Y:JNQM]P
M]:%\7]--(G;\UH
0&NQNJ(


5O!40BM2Y.NPGO0




M $8G6T^
)



A38=<!!Q!]F[8/-$K@Y=2Y]A'P)]PG2[U
M




MB#@2R:00_T$4!:8.;%-
+\/Q^4N@P_3J;EFDB26[J%.H6


=K^.:M]1W-MUVP5@=%8@\IHGMM

M



DW4ESO^JB&P5RG0/87%G*M7^4S!3/

M9

MUN!R)J$Q&XO/GG/6Y/1H)^K&;1_W0E [7B\=@JUFO;]=(%X=4'T*JZMEY(3W
MKC8G
;PF!ZIBP'M3P*.6201N8INLD-U)'+=SW O!;B -=8B]FLY29Z.\F?Z8





M&$K.0/N7(2&H 




MI3 



4':KE^6 B[P P;R\6
ML^F*0BJ2S-OI7_6SY883H6+AV9#K0


MUO Y1NCC-XE\M#?Z/8XT9A^E]1#125 Y0BJ2B:9!
YSR2\YTXI=G_=N$?;
MK=#22-P=&)W/\[+Z
ZRMY]6GMYA;#QV\LJ:H


6%:
PP.JT9J5\K'V?##AE

4K_#0I'?





!KW+H#OK]I


M6Y
2Z)IAISB7A%D5@4G:JK65/I4F3=/:93&]F2[#UZ^+FBE+6OU0/ET*_7+#
M25(RGNLV$ZLG(^I$Q%P2%*N4M9$YFYL4_3U%5+?92OM@XT'_]:&TT
&^O)ZL









+7=['*)]/_\)?PU
?1?T

MP)UN4O7S8G;M)AMNRRO7I367;FQ-$S*RU);1)==Y$1%\HMB(MG:
GO&8?)N#

M6MU42XR@

!O<[QCV!6I$1]L+#U-3;]#[C*O5V?K:
ME#A[=_X]3!?UBX^+^8_ILC9)G:@L,#IO(&(*M+!LAE@[AXB:?<MLD4V.I3=
MA\QNM\X#8?(4#H?566^(W


YN_


QEB$VJ4[?0T]5&LX_F'YJ'X^4]=F_*F\KJ


17KZ\6E(!:-J7VV$B0L




]C*U8+S;.:&GYM&FYKZ*GQ695@BR8


\)%M(--NNIP
MO
G!VC]8B!TXH)\OXA+_ZX+$].L/O)S[MC:#9.:
33R#P9KX09XYT!]'L*5H






_PSG'U8YW8L)URD

MJC'WA!==^RH(B+%VW3$Q4*1=%#B'B?G


MZ)S:)6UEY$J-2Y2_OY3=




MJ ADS2/X&+EUC G5IM/H TJZ1





+&.B(='
M@KF;E!2GF







5P5@6R_(9(







M'1++Q5I;;)/RH&?HZL9N#8RO(=71Q3'1-1
3GZ
6CFGPH1Z2FN!E@H'D10Y
MCD:7@/=LU5,'1-?/'3EQ9* =[%B!=7 R] QTKQM*?B7OSD-9Q_GRVG5U*_U
\CT!Y0L&F=I8+-@44)++':NA(U1DB<1&Y($] 
+-+!N0I




M&1U@Z_&S;@KP/H:?ZU$B;R[PV@\WQL=2JRMC/;%2K B2FQ7UTDYKERQRUB2C




EK&FD1




M8%%49]I'B(PK$








%AGH!-7&A2M
ZFM@QO&YYEZ-R/DXW+U;I;.+C+F
M=[.KGTRBQRXRLC5*!TG=' +8.0@BC

ML_PAGDV_KE6\G*3@&$6



 PHX+.TC)

MFR\)?U](GJ_I]_X]229$)U JKN:4B6!1Y,AY50,R9P]2PD=GW9N


CF28T
R6-TOH0Y\4ID%;0$X62MGI .HH@%






MUIZM[7YDUH#^F(9^0789++*K@1V'!'L@YO[#EH3_?00%&SCYO7/+_2(5W]-
MEQ,M&/F;6HGF 94

\IQUH&Q=T@^-A5[P=J)P.



0-2.+(V0T#/



<KP)JAE_M)3:,K,)^8MH2FX
M]4ZCP#-OH())IYB+R^UX0_NX'P*?_XK$


1(C*!A:9
B&L/;+K[MM(U[


68K-'! $].TVZN
4U


FCWPDE:K0W9S8K0UJ TH28I&/+Y3&#@
MDZP'L4FCESX&;!*U/4]:[T9K']3L7G%RD&).T%1]OC@_#XN?\_)]\QO?-[^!
MU_;[\


S*.[G:X[U <4#M\3X:ZAETMTJ&
'+G
MLV7$4EZSQ

M; VZE09O*=CW7A94T2O%FJ0WGER-\5YZG@\G]+'K%.IM%;W]&XGE#?[ L_F:


SKKO
M_K?Y67ZDVCDS[TR.Q(I8@6UAJB+@9+)'_6!&8N-AOUNI:G3HIB!C-%0RN@
M5U=%]%?4FV+X0)\J6:5



M*J!2RN!L=)!\25I(:= V.5/83M*X8\9:8VP@570 JC_PVS2=75


U


M5J6L!U^;47*GN*

OHL4.T+H]':G&PKO+X T2!VEZ
MJ?[979$X%YPUR0-3)(CUS87G0H6FGN,3$K;I*OQ_#6Z7548[L\$C8Z**([
M42[H.[R&)M+
2CHIVN

Q/O?5

MBL67K7U]\1HWZU%9Y@($I6JZ$]/@:!V!=MIS';RDU=
D*^AO4N.V#X(.KG';
M1TD=.)CO9F0 \#.I:9WW^WXS4G==*4-&N* H B+64T7M.


MT46GF-JL0QX\T6H4


\HD7!%F

M@:9)'X*!B@F:N?8OXGP-K)\.$+=+!LPD!&5


4S+H



NADED9#(B@
M4#+Z+5@VE(
X@73LDGWUW8NR0V@+\^R&V&H!-Q$2A5C+KXTT#&:WTWNM
M.&_%X3U:NC0E^R#@

J).)K)Z5@9-]B]Q
M

S+FR.5_

MA('


M5XS;YFM8/ PCQPYVE;O!W]J7SR*S'%U-@T'BP)4
424)S E?B*N0?)
]Y2$I











FX0(

MW9!?



UE7$6O!52[ T#*+UA7+FW2XNZ9@
M9
 




MR
Q#D

M+B9AD
L25)

WR/-A+/7\\5B
M_F?MR16^T^^L?DZ
F5RF@DNN'K0K65OQZ  QDF/  ]<LY-J'
MVQP

M_72$6G)89WE*TV:
QJX$]E3JUV)''$@U'4#N_:WFR5?KZ??9Q1+SE46N.533


<!#+70C$/
M(C)9SVXX.)X,,,]8Y@9#X<? Z9G7]Y10V0Q90ZJ@3Y]FLTNPMF;Z8]IQEG^


MU17R4




1]
:8V
NH A7<E=F6FZXGPK^0?
MICKU]];I6W&Z%

K;9--Z=J=P-@R=\B#^DECJ
MX&

SG$P
M;EQ1D$[8E!DTO(//K4QDW;A\C= 'CR!_:#Z*@#
M_&TJV/ZS3CF?K3XL/DV_?EO]=E&S'3^4SY@N%NMF\+^$LS/



MNP'N)&X7FNBB VQ]PN^7UR'$5)W*O1X@1Y):7CDH$]2B..5)4







3V5.Q_O


W

MPUY:WZ?J9!\5= &GQRMF7964P0 (O(Z.,9I\%A;#[%XD'G/&M217E


MB







M%5'%)FT.CIL0VF[ T5 ZWWE2Z#X*Z %)ST\OK+.7
ZH$SNJ:



MS8!
U1^F:NTG2+L:<#2162%0R%XJL<P7G K(<C*F22[(#K2-FQO2%%F#J*
#



8#*(0()AK[\_]M[TR6WDAQ=\/\\Q;P [O5]
M
1L;
V6FLDS7LC(UDK+*^OZA^0*7V!5!JDB&2KI//W &8]^X'.=Q1E5;=W8J
M0DEB^0 'X'! !:\%.6:?FSBLVT2
NPZP04JYKX [ 





G\G[+^*XG@DO3S9I;K#M]4
MIPG
ZX]NY;;KWZWW&*T%=5=:K%!L9J

M/?)8@A%M[730UH-MWO5

A_+FFCVU

QJ:FD.KA
UY9&9F72JL2<=@''\]\V[AW!L! 94*X=GR7A^O5(B G

M;0F.


36KR@+\%



 GR




ZO Z=H'SI$.4BX*2&NR


3L#]?TRAO80?G\HNBKEB0$



MPFK=J%RW.:T8T+O
 6-

MR.#Y9;K 1+^^NDLO7/+L)$@E2!#6%(B

/]5$#4X*\=VDS[/-@TK?S


MYH1L

M8X453'H)J+*ELY0.5


M//1B#

M1AKR&
V

)(L9U5=;XC!^?H

2*S*S1
M CP+=6B
HG_3

M=22M8-&39TK5
ZDZ8Z @!ZE2$$6ZYJ\,1R-X^W,\+5=TX\N]IV UL\%_L-G
M+G_.,QFEQNU)\98XTTN8'B]8JJKU4(



Z






IT QMSG?*<0)80
M
L8Z?HYS_/9ZM%2*N+



A#(\?!
MP7P@I70$J




M2!]Y


MBS^NPF+5AUT]/9E]PJ7/II#O
YG7BYWL(+*$P+5DAAL?&4]=FM;3/(T3J/T[





\0F?5
MIG _+R5


3 Q
M7!:F2*04

UG4B701
MDLYC5IQNTFO<G+-Q=[6^-C/:&S,G]UCJ.L%=UOT@\[4827$_^I'PXS^F6\[
M4D*_+;]]Y/



E#<G*B?;T#PK/Y3OM=L'+Z38B/CB:\





MV)
@L


G4Z)[LG)(-NL

MCSP4?%8^=?9IJKV%*3M&&;_.X)VJ@Q*

M*QTH\D^6!5^' R57$BB

M9-=+P$_S53B[)QD6;9VDCV!Y?:+CK8!H9 )GI VI:!=C7[
B=F!NQ
'RG5O*


M/5T8O]M]X12+'!-Y&)[JZ


M8IO#W 7?33?YA'/#4\@28D3*@KF*Y*4T1=G.&J-4X$*V2[6:L+253?G7:E/C

X\TYWAW&?0Q\=@JR5*2@B)

MPSG^
J]]BA.7



%KLL0#





M'
W66X/X57N ZTCEGNC6Q;9?*+S_-4P7#R:N)

MO*B^)B


M




MQ GPJ1J/%\:TV=;R.#FGY


?]
\\_YB
<_F4^S\L_%A]Q\6V:</DF
M47I&Y&XFK=C ,_<F $/D%.(=7TE0.;!ZEA*]+I)?_TPY(^+Y3& ]P#[1T=!


H=0G\;&GA



M\P0]?6%G'U7/AY?[R 'PS_.+&7T2B7#UHX[NO9Q^[FU6CD=@T410(M8Q3W62

&[_U\ )TL$2'ADA'_#KIO#PYO
IG#VW[#L_G7
M*H+_/9_AQN<&@RF28X6,F:( 0[R'S 44:4)13*7YB[XGDB_AJ-I/.@U0LM\

MI-@?+^(2_WE!8GK[C?YQO2B*^2*32@S0U*%_=)11^A@BR
 3R^0&2VRR'/()




M
8C$!
=!HWA9-DC(Y'._]1-B#?O$2=!!E45,Y

MN (%Z[!P*R2$P@I%=#P&J5T

MQZ_?TU_=P;S]_A7K2MLWY_4R9A*#U3JH #R[NC B6G#)LI) EKMC%HMG);










$G[\@KC:%)*8-Z$P



?X*7S?;[CR[?]\H+FB3U(TT #1Z\]_9/C=+7H+TU]

4'*4W*..UC5IK'J&ID
]RR
??3-)%^D@]C87X)F1E\2Z2
B0
MP42O$\^:R^;C$%^CJAQN\B&0L=]?S*8&D[E:R;.0]U*)L/&=ZM/$;=$9R+
MIJ


O]M
M&B+QN;IZ0''#)A?62

W+=/T75O07+@.B Y:T[/U=P^=
M!_!ZC)0IEII9(UCO-'._VEMQDS$&Q4(1K4E9OF#+]?+&H=OXKDI\(9W5
I*SA-+@9BMI%


MZ*B#ULZKBL!N\HL\RNA% 1&Y!!5=AFBL JVERI3C12:;3+C?B]J.JX\'A(+M








(
D&9#-/9@0Q&@V+.4!1'Z&Y%M+Q-
MW690+OJ]4=D%?T^ZT:

_MJ9PW'&61T;E@0K:'7G^$GDS_$S./7\Z


M%&;4N4^EE'J37X QXR///#O1Y$GBEO2-.Y?RR



MI)AP1DAMFCP1:7@7_L __V4Q7RYOFEA88)K5%DX7*:@U&2&:VLY2]R9*ICAK

MJ5/=9\=9 .(K2:]EJ^W;.]#81Y_W$-!X74#Z:E'/YE/L__FIZ=O9GE=Z2]

^\ U0N9Q&2


M.PN.FEGL+/T.'N/=XN+61


M$RC&!(2BZ%RH=\962HVY:5+X&%'=E

]Q:[5


M8'6M#['C188D$[*(]90_SLWI7;KZ?88V*+X.4

[MF&+T/5;H-LW ^L!
M_1
7C1$8




+:60A!$6



_)Y-OT_:_=[]2!V0J3*&)@A3V*1$AGZA^.N/+


;RA!F]_9[.+C)Y

O@]*A3JFR6XG*QEV6;F


MHWV9GQ$(EF_??]RGIK'K5PQ4SSB(LX%J&6_#HD+TAHBK%%$945PF/.9
Q[K2
MP=


]+;J<O;!4T/
MGG$<07,=9-8W;+Z9K::YLC3]AA\Q72S6PP,NPV+,ZW+_/SKQ6H31C]])
B2

M4+//N%Y$^M./F[_S/ORH/UMS?

?B.N [(^OMV8*Q%R2])0'

H!8]UPEC4O



\/5&7W.5URD]7^WK)]VO+KO?G2-

NBKB-

M


=-R;P%*36O:.=([S
.R8?G$0

M\6H:&F\J-^%6$7%Y743$31&QZBC=%!'G!3?2_$J?
U9A;2QZZ9M9!\ZW(:


M0P)BTOL@2F1M=O!TW/C9%%;#:6/ _IW]P?7S?$8?MYI2=/+^BH@U8U==J:(@

M)NX15.#U'ZS:1^T0

(--&!7C=


4B@R)$X)#D A6Z*22(AG+-J.-GJ)HY
+T$(AX



M.Y=+(7\-=1'#ZL?:IK(J*6KC*4F(6

0M0\00D%34ZQ1+;=?(?MO[.KF/DP_+24=J=N:L-1M8Z)-XJ2
M1J

V+T=TO77C-M#=QP?M)]

M^R_TA\L=K!

MIT?6;]

MWLQ)X*VI;GK '$GGJIYQ52CY:_@^/;\X_VF^6



MLU]WTW)GDF!64#(B1?@G5I**^ RR1=TK+D-HM%MB-OW!I62V3==WP-U'7B



ME




:D30#LB
'K*!U'#F7
M;2#W&#'C7I





MW1$




M%0   &)Y;F0R
#(P
3!K97@M

9$9ECLYMG?P
MR2D[^=?Q+X4.9-!.N6Q(8'BU'!&4BWB
?G
N+XEA4(FU9/)0HGQQ)!JN5HA







A8Z04&UNG@LS@8

%NO;\++@

0A3CZUI1J^!U'*H!.@6(M.'H 2*EJ0

U8!Y*Y%&$ #())#@EM/.GH#J0DC.==+!H^


M9


M6W^N&&Z=)16/J
-0EME6.

 ;I!&U9 RWG!&KW(H9/E.O%QCX-N)6

\$L$*F6

MV!(IP*Z@(Q$)L[#I]K%E[;EQH')X\9#?$%TK 1WEWV4.):E*@%?MRH
@D(HY
M UPQ..8QLGX$V&*$)_8\6!$4NAZ:.#




MZ)%$VK8C3
 F-_T F 0C:LNX^&\KTN7AX7^D B:[XY+&@6NO#__I1KZ* [L1



M7AAA.V\+-









3(N:'1M

!E*&R5R2 ;F_


!;GZ_.&\UR&%
M4KG\I=XIET_[I^1C_]

M5

QBPQ)%2
&A:13/-D



LSTOG8ZYZ1L]Y%^Z+3:Y_C%D:[UUMJ_M7GZYO/[8L^Z5^2[J^=



*%E4B0A4X;'


K
J:W#.LNZ=2X


M

MP?7(SK!B8W:Y35['7$=JDSS+-LIZ3P$$B5#%F$VYKL(.(1 X1\6+MWX8@F



MQL5_6Y'.#P_[(^




3*18L)L^DT0._^<6^4DSL:I
MJF*X<2A^AO5B+!Y@FW\0NUM]&Y0C?PP8NO9_:<TJ,Z\WNCX)

M$\W5Y] .'+3+)EH?:P3-2O/)T4I0?7+LK[16FT&S\?3PMZJMUX)&_3NH#1H'



$^

K88-=$N=:TJD?

X.7D]2OP
M#
N&B2!9P23C&4E




7GIP[AW==:[\


X$7V1UN!2T8 H*DR_HS1
M&/Q;&LXENZ$PBF


MZS8;FBHEB$I!&!

ZY2
&V&K^MDE01!&(N]/.2
L W((/CN
(0V7G244'\
MC QU=HBA+$.RI41G+D0O!TC?*NS55$U)DP@)W+<!57VZTI



<-'%00&  !1'@  %0   &)Y;F0R,#(P,3!K97@M,S(R+FAT;=U9;5,B.1#^
M?K^B#^M<K8)Y1Q18JQPECM7+








QG+*

M]5J^N^


K5%JB2UM&
_C$-US]U\Z98WU'%@U$[-&%@G# M?Z5-#*LBDV
MR7-N4$97#*10JN4_EM<1%$T#

M%BH

L((P8VI2 )V&4X$G'X2G;L_N;3@AV=C



M20$9GE-AYI1/ 1X'
![)Y:3HD]*; 

E97&X%)A


$
Z;6@
MP0RSD$]%SB5=I:T6;/'ADHA8)Z



M-'^52BO#@E]9]:P
]#:D^5UD6&!]DZD)[S5N1I

M^!]02P



ME\2)
Y^VFD3[#& 1G08G[]OJ

]GA3BZ.#H




MH[1X
]-A





0 NS3

./JR&0=9M*%CE4T

%(8

M)!M\6E80$AF8MXV'B\?A#.B)  5IZL
9;5DBZ3*=Z!7[T\!S6;6$DU +PO
MUH'*=\*MPSP6F(URQSF\ 5QF .QLX7

MB66:1CJ0PZC&H-3 %:WRSK((L_1 :%AA7DVFN2J0[N#Z4$5F]DU*32I#5+'V

A/)B[ ALN ^*N

M


$]41*
MAS;J;#FK1
W\H\+=JFBT5U_JBBM3X*


 $%L+/$.YDRHTXM_\&F
MB0V@
1XF



MOC@#KI8COT_0%3+)R&.R+/@@7MH.B#3 
Q6=2K_1XM3@DRY)3UR*SRPXS*
F) G&9*QT.8'E8QQ)@[L@L0
M=BK)56X':)Y7J$,2EZ.1K=E33J!\I3PVDKS.%['NJ5H;.+4D?U*_((84)

A==KQ\!

/I&9RIU:N,A\X3=H7N*V,,'7!SGUT<'AH6(8?08)0=PVL_ N%EQBU'#


PJRDAHT$(:-
M&#C%J01)BSJKTT;.G-2_3C[^FR








ML)U7-$SA11B2#X#H(U6!'NE 948]KP&?&^^Q .:6W,$U16_)O? !=3+C[2

5*Z4.%*AV&(8G*;#ET_;#UUK?*M:3FLS/(6K?%@
*9@7F
M5[FX5O
JMO]0\=/$H/ 0)G'G@T(AU)[.BRK:BX+
P
6(QZF O3X_?J(8%


VNG  7.;1H;$XJ1Y+0 ^@L-

<6;*

$%+:ZG*]YSV([5U'LV

+B
!CVC#VS.IV[
'06&JBWN;70G'[74$H7




M@H!P;GD1J6$$!YGM\2M_!)G_78+
ZV9)0![C3
;L7+0.O439R ^G@\@25-9
M_]/3S6OM'1 YEE]536]
&


)]K^?CE



RZ,@.P*#!;QR4[Y-1!9VMA;6,A/?%+
M_ZI_T_LH;OH?^[W;OKBX[M^*J^N!Z/]]T+^Z$(-K<?ZQ=_GI5@P^] ;P3U^<
MW_0O+@?7-P+^SZ]=7OTB/O=N!K_5K__UZOH+/G#[Z^WG_OD Q^G__?)V(ZO

MMWK!O[1KP=;T#MC&\M8-H^7_L\X155YZ
WMF#.!/JB0^[TC8&UMI!-8 9;\)


MSU-:


\#L6\G**[29&9Z
&
5PQMIDR-856*M -C
MIC*UD1UJ*P5



4!1+M;\2D1O*3V

M&47')A22S )4&6.S\4#\H8SSJCM6RWO:):.

 DPH:0K
M3




AP*2T[5/!O6KJ





ML
99C:E7*D&]=F0$HM
E7Y- _^9UV'QP!P9
+@UMNP_ 12R$H._5
MC*I*558:



/



:W9Q=E:Z=;Y9
M+\4.'H[(N8J[2G)&S@\,[95&]@I/_Q^?74#WTBYV[+*5/Y(+L
-O610*\^

MBC/8N&SM$&A





M-R[7R=6\39)!^*+AMBBQ9/ROH


$:6[UN



S

QCYSZ
UFN^I5T[^WR0-UFCB)'*(1+28+--


M
'TLK0VV$+9Z:U\-

M&[7@U

MPEG;:'=MN_MLPEWT_T34YIJ\4UJM1:WKME04JC64A)F/VISL5'*5A/L6@B(E

MQN]O(RC
IH3;=Z\7\RET+



MV*F3C!.9'2?CC.^!9R\[?!B\Z+/S89X$Z7# T&?


LZE
)1
47#SV& \1F)J
M36)-$9N0B\@L';+R&UX[I)M\).Q6,G7(JPE=QKT$T(J2ZGKEO_1M6)E;
-



E?1U?PNCE;1[/1&OYI.;]XMX_GR
MB[GJ^M?5#C\BX*\[P0-OA?4KP3=(Z12Z*HSC 13('12K65BE5]!\D1%.:H
M4*35$:QPS;5I#^\


#=^C0/T[ &?=H.]=C*@4

C R
#$R
M
S$N:'1M4$L! A0#%     @ 48)A4J_ZY'?F%   3.8  !$

$ &)Y;F0M
C R
#$R


4     !1@F%2=$@L@EGO
M @!\*P0 %               @ 'JCP4 8GEN9TR
#(P
3(S
5]G

M2P$% ,4     !1@F%24D67 S7* 0#\)@( %               @ %U?P@




M% 
4     !1@F%2;HSR:(T(  J*@  %0              @ %ZD0P 8GEN
M9#(P
C Q

M !4              ( !.IH
 &)Y;F0R
#(P
3!K97@M
S(Q+FAT;5!+ 0(4

M
C R
#$P:V5X+3
R

M'@              @ &:I@P 97@Q
#


M'L4
 &5X


end



